


CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND II, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND II, LP
                    

•   CLEVELAND, OH
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             CF Special Situation Fund II is based out of Cleveland.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings in our database for CF Special Situation Fund II. The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-20. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 7



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND II, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




cf special situation fund ii, lp


1360 EAST 9TH STREET

CLEVELAND
OH
                                                        
                                                    44114


              Business Phone:
              216.539.1178







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/20/2016
D/A filed on 10/28/2015
D/A filed on 11/04/2014
D/A filed on 11/04/2013
D/A filed on 01/22/2013
D/A filed on 01/18/2012
SC 13G filed on 04/08/2011
D filed on 01/18/2011











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Photomedex Inc (PHMD)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      237,949
    

      6,805,341.40
    

      1
    

      13G
    

      2011-03-28
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-20
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,477,241
INDEFINITE


2015-10-28
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,477,241
INDEFINITE


2014-11-04
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,477,241
INDEFINITE


2013-11-04
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,377,241
INDEFINITE


2013-01-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
10,987,752
INDEFINITE


2012-01-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
7,170,160
INDEFINITE


2011-01-18
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,956,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




N/A   CLUTTERBUCK FUNDS LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



ROBERT T.  CLUTTERBUCK

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



RYAN R.  CRANE

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Special Situations Fund III, L.P.:  No Action, Interpretive and/or Exemptive Letter of November 17, 2005















Home | Previous Page





























 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
Rules 13e-4(f)(6), 13e-4(f)(8)(i), 13e-4(f)(8)(ii)
No Action, Interpretive and/or Exemptive Letter:
Special Situations Fund III, L.P.
November 17, 2005
Response of the Office of Mergers and Acquisitions
Division of Corporation Finance



Re: 
Special Situations Fund III, L.P.
Incoming letter dated November 17, 2005




Via Facsimile and First Class Mail
Allen B. Levithan
Lowenstein Sandler PC
65 Livingston Avenue 
Roseland, New Jersey 07068-1791
Dear Mr. Levithan:
We are responding to your letter dated November 17, 2005 to Brian V. Breheny and Jeffrey B. Werbitt in the Division of Corporation Finance and Bruce MacNeil in the Division of Investment Management,1 as supplemented by telephone conversations with the staff, with regard to your request for no-action and exemptive relief.  Our response is attached to the enclosed photocopy of your letter to avoid having to recite or summarize the facts presented in your letter. Unless otherwise noted, capitalized terms in this letter have the same meaning as in your November 17, 2005 letter.
SSF III plans to commence a one-time issuer Exchange Tender Offer to all Qualified Purchasers of SSF III. Based on the representations in your letter but without necessarily concurring in your analysis, the United States Securities and�Exchange Commission (Commission) hereby grants exemptions from: 
Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(i) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) to permit SSF III to make the Exchange Tender Offer available only to holders of limited partnership Units of SSF III who are Qualified Purchasers as described in your letter.  The exemption from Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(i) is granted to permit SSF III to make the Exchange Tender Offer available only to Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders because they are the only holders of Units of the limited partnership interests of SSF III that are eligible to accept securities offered by SSF QP. 
Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(ii) under the Exchange Act to permit SSF III to offer Units of limited partnership interests of SSF QP only to the Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders as opposed to the cash consideration being offered to all SSF III security holders in the Cash Repurchase Offer.  The exemption from Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(ii) is granted to permit SSF III to offer Units of SSF QP only to the Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders during the concurrent Cash Repurchase Offer because they are the only holders of Units of the limited partnership interests of SSF III that are eligible to accept securities offered by SSF QP.
Based on the representations in your letter but without necessarily concurring in your analysis, the Division of Corporation Finance will also not recommend that the Commission take enforcement action pursuant to Rule 13e-4(f)(6) regarding purchases made by SSF III pursuant to its Cash Repurchase Offer that will be conducted concurrently with its Exchange Tender Offer.  
The foregoing exemptions and no-action relief from Rule 13e-4 are based solely on your representations and the facts presented in your letter dated November 17, 2005, as supplemented by telephone conversations with the staff of the Commission. The relief granted is strictly limited to the application of these rules to the proposed repurchase offer. You should discontinue the repurchase offer pending further consultation with the staff of the Commission if any of the facts or representations set forth in your letter change.
We also direct your attention to the anti-fraud and anti-manipulation provisions of the federal securities laws, including Sections 9(a), 10(b) and 14(e) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The participants in these offers must comply with these and any other applicable provisions of the federal securities laws. The Division of Corporation Finance expresses no view with respect to any other questions that these offers may raise, including, but not limited to matters concerning Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, Rules 13-4(f)(5) and 14e-5 under the Exchange Act and the applicability of any other federal or state laws to, the Exchange Tender Offer or the Cash Repurchase Offer.
For the Commission,
By the Division of Corporation Finance,
Pursuant to delegated authority,
Mauri L. Osheroff
Associate Director, Regulatory Policy
Division of Corporation Finance
1  In addition to its request for no-action and exemptive relief from the Division of Corporation Finance, SSF III filed an application to the Commission’s Division of Investment Management for an exemptive order pursuant to Section 17(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (1940 Act) granting an exemption from Section 17(a) of the 1940 Act.  The Commission published a Notice of Application (Investment Company Act Release No. 27140) on November 2, 2005.  The period for any interested person to request a hearing expires at 5:30 p.m. on November 25, 2005.

Incoming Letter:
INQUIRY-1: LOWENSTEIN SANDLER PC
65 Livingston Avenue
Roseland, New Jersey 07068-1791
November 17, 2005
VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS
Mr. Brian V. Breheny, Chief
Mr. Jeffrey B. Werbitt, Attorney-Adviser
Office of Mergers and Acquisitions
Division of Corporation Finance
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
100 F Street, NE
Washington, D.C. 20549-3628

Mr. Bruce R. MacNeil, Senior Counsel
Division of Investment Management
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
100 F Street, NE
Washington, D.C. 20549-0609
Re: Special Situations Fund III, L.P.  Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(i), Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(ii) and Rule 
13e-4(f)(6) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Dear Sirs:
On behalf of Special Situations Fund III, L.P. (“SSF III”), we hereby request that the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) grant an exemption from Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(i) (the “All Holders Provision”) and Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(ii) (the “Best Price Provision”) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), and issue a no-action position with respect to Rule 13e-4(f)(6) under the 1934 Act, under the unique circumstances described in this letter.  The requested relief would enable SSF III to conduct a on-time issuer exchange tender offer (the “Exchange Tender Offer”) together with a cash repurchase offer (the “Cash Repurchase Offer” and together with the Exchange Tender Offer, the “Offers”).  The issuer Cash Repurchase Offer will provide all holders of partnership interests (“Units”) in SSF III with the voluntary option to tender their Units to SSF III in exchange for a cash payment of a dollar amount equal to the net asset value (“NAV”) of the tendered Units on December 30, 2005 (the “Valuation Date”).  No relief is requested for the Cash Repurchase Offer to all Unit holders; the Cash Repurchase Offer will be conducted in accordance with Rule 23c-3 of the 1940 Act and therefore is exempt from the requirements of Rule 13e-4 of the 1934 Act pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(7). 
The one-time Exchange Tender Offer will provide SSF III Unit holders that are qualified purchasers (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), “Qualified Purchasers”) with the voluntary option to tender their Units to SSF III and receive in exchange therefor an amount of whole or fractional Units of Special Situations Fund III QP, L.P. (“SSF QP,” and together with SSF III, the “Applicants”), equal in value to the tendered SSF III Units' NAV as calculated on the Valuation Date.  SSF III intends to commence the Offers on November 17, 2005 and have the Offers expire on December 16, 2005.  SSF III intends to exchange SSF III Units for SSF QP Units pursuant to the Exchange Tender Offer at the close of business on December 31, 2005, and distribute the proceeds of the Cash Repurchase Offer by January 6, 2006.
As background, SSF III is a closed-end management investment company registered pursuant to the 1940 Act that invests primarily in equity securities and securities with equity features of companies traded publicly on Nasdaq and “over-the-counter” or listed on national securities exchanges.1  A “grandfather” provision under Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(l)(2), which has had the effect of allowing SSF III to satisfy a “private placement safe harbor” in applicable Treasury Regulations ensuring that it would not be treated as a publicly traded partnership for federal income tax purposes, will expire on December 31, 2005 because the maximum number of partners SSF III is permitted to have in order to qualify will decrease from 500 to 100, so long as it remains a registered investment company.  SSF III had 451 Partners as of October 1, 2005.  A publicly traded partnership generally is taxed as a corporation subject to a double level of tax that could be extremely adverse to the SSF III Unit holders.  
Unless SSF III satisfies a different “safe harbor,” the determination of whether it should be treated as a publicly traded partnership would be made by applying a “facts and circumstances” test.  Reliance upon the “facts and circumstances” test is not a viable alternative because of the high level of uncertainty which would be associated with its application to SSF III, particularly with SSF III’s current repurchase policies which might result in such a volume of repurchases that SSF’s Units could be considered to be readily tradable on a public market or a substantial equivalent thereof and cause SSF III to be taxed as a publicly traded partnership.  To satisfy a safe harbor and avoid the uncertainty of the “facts and circumstances” test, SSF III will propose amendments, for the approval of the Partners, to its repurchase offer policies to change the minimum repurchase offer amount from 10% of the Units outstanding per semi-annual period (or 20% per year) to 5% of Units outstanding per semi-annual period (or 10% per year) and to increase the repurchase request deadline from 14 days to 60 days prior to the repurchase pricing date.  If such amendments are approved, commencing in 2006 SSF III’s repurchase of Units during each year would be limited to 10% of its outstanding Units, with certain exceptions (including the annual repurchase of up to an additional 2% of the Units outstanding).  While these changes in SSF III’s repurchase offer policies would reduce the liquidity of the investment of the remaining Unit holders, it would enable SSF III to continue to be taxed as a partnership, which is a “pass-through” entity for federal income tax purposes, and avoid the double level of taxation that would occur if SSF III were considered to be a publicly traded partnership.  In the absence of these changes in the repurchase offer policies, if the “facts and circumstances” test were not met, the income of SSF III would be taxed at the partnership level and then again when distributed to the Partners, which would be disadvantageous to the Partners.  The Applicants believe that the benefits of avoiding double taxation outweigh the burden of the decrease of liquidity resulting from such amendments and, thus, that such amendments would be in the best interests of the Unit holders remaining in SSF III. 
The Applicants believe that the Offers are in the best interests of all limited partners of SSF III (“Limited Partners”). The Individual General Partners (collectively, the “Board”) have considered other alternatives to the Offers, after coming to the conclusion in May 2005 that there was no likelihood that the expiration date of the “private placement safe harbor”, which had been in existence for approximately 10 years, would be extended.  The Board considered having SSF III qualify as a “regulated investment company” under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  This alternative was determined not to be preferable to the Offers because of the restrictions on SSF III’s operations and investments which would be expected to result therefrom, including limitations on the concentration of its portfolio, the requirement generally to distribute to investors 90% or more of its taxable and tax-exempt income, and the less favorable treatment of any operating losses or net capital losses, plus the additional anticipated administrative costs associated with such compliance with the applicable requirements and restrictions.  The Board also considered the possibility of liquidating SSF III.  This was not considered preferable to the Offers as it likely would result in the recognition of taxable gain for a number of Limited Partners and deny many of them the opportunity to obtain the investment management services of the Adviser.  
On May 2, 2005, the Board, including a majority of the Individual General Partners who are not “interested persons,” as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (“Independent General Partners”), approved the Offers on behalf of SSF III, subject to the Commission issuing an order pursuant to this application.  In approving the Offers, the Board concluded that: (i) the Offers are consistent with the policies of SSF III, as recited in its registration statement, (ii) the terms of the Offers, including the consideration to be received by each Fund, are reasonable and fair and do not involve overreaching on the part of any person concerned, and (iii) participation in the Offers are in the best interests of SSF III and its Limited Partners and the interests of existing Limited Partners of SSF III will not be diluted as a result of the Offers.  These findings and the basis upon which such findings were made, are recorded in the minute book of SSF III.  
In the absence of the Exchange Tender Offer, a decision by a Limited Partner of SSF III to switch its investment in SSF III to a more liquid investment (whether in SSF QP or another vehicle) would require that the Limited Partner accept a cash repurchase offer.  Mass cash repurchases would require SSF III to liquidate a portion of its investment portfolio to make a cash repurchase payment to the Limited Partner.  Such a liquidation by SSF III could disrupt its investment operations.  Such a liquidation could also cause the recognition of gains or losses (and thereby reduce returns) that might not otherwise occur in the ordinary course, which would be borne by all SSF III’s Unit holders.  Moreover, a cash payment to the electing Limited Partner would be taxable to such Limited Partner to the extent the payment exceeded his tax basis in the Units repurchased.  In addition, because SSF III’s cash repurchases are limited by the 1940 Act and SSF III’s governing documents, SSF III might not be able to satisfy all requests for cash repurchase.  Offering the Exchange Tender Offer would likely reduce (or eliminate) the number of Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders accepting the Cash Repurchase Offer, which would eliminate any adverse impact of mass cash repurchases.  Thus, SSF III seeks an equitable and efficient means to: (i) permit Unit holders who do not approve of amending SSF III’s repurchase offer policies to liquidate their investment in SSF III for cash, (ii) permit Qualified Purchaser Unit holders who do not approve of amending SSF III’s repurchase offer policies and do not desire to have their Units repurchased for cash, to exchange their Units in SSF III for equivalent Units in SSF QP, and (iii) avoid disadvantaging SSF III Unit holders who would like to continue their investment in SSF III by amending its repurchase offer policies so as to fall within the Treasury Regulation safe harbor described above, thus enabling them to continue to obtain the investment management services of the Adviser and avoid the adverse tax consequences that might otherwise result.  
SSF III believes that the proposed Exchange Tender Offer is consistent with the policies and purposes underlying Rule 13e-4 generally, but is requesting relief because certain features of the Exchange Tender Offer could be viewed as inconsistent with the terms of Rule 13e-4.2  As a matter of policy, and based on precedent, the relief requested should be available to permit SSF III to conduct the Exchange Tender Offer without complying with the All Holders Provision, the Best Price Provision or Rule 13e-4(f)(6) under the circumstances and the specific terms described in this letter.
I. BACKGROUND
SSF III
SSF III, which was organized as a Delaware limited partnership on October 18, 1993, is a closed-end management investment company registered with the Commission under the 1940 Act.  SSF III’s Units are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “1933 Act”) because Units are sold in non-public offerings in compliance with Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act.  Each investor in SSF III is an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act and a “qualified client” within the meaning of Rule 205-3 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”).3  SSF III may offer and sell additional Units to existing Limited Partners and qualified new investors in the future.  SSF III operates as an “interval fund” under Rule 23c-3 promulgated under the 1940 Act and conducts routine cash repurchase offers pursuant to its fundamental policies and Rule 23c-3 under the 1940 Act, as well as its limited partnership agreement.  SSF III’s investment objectives are to maximize long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in equity securities and securities with equity features of companies traded publicly on Nasdaq or “over-the-counter” or listed on national securities exchanges, which possess a technological, market or product niche, which may be, for various reasons, undervalued, or with prospects of going private or being acquired.  At the end of each semi-annual fiscal period of SSF III, the number of Units held by each Partner is redetermined to maintain a fixed price of $25,000 per Unit.  
As of September 30, 2005, (i) SSF III’s total assets were approximately $550.0 million; (ii) the Adviser held 1,244.7802 Units of SSF III (representing approximately $35.5 million and 6.2% of the outstanding Units) as a General Partner (and no Units as a Limited Partner); (iii) the Individual General Partners as a group held an aggregate of 178.2013 Units of SSF III (representing approximately $4.9 million and 0.9% of the outstanding Units)4; as General Partners, other than 15.3178 Units held as a Limited Partner by one Individual General Partner.  The Adviser receives a performance allocation (the “Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation”) equal to 20% of the net profit allocated to Limited Partners for each fiscal period (which is calculated with regard to a “high water mark”  - that is, if there is a loss for an accounting period, the Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation will not apply to future periods until the loss has been recovered.).  SSF III pays each quarter, in arrears, an administrative fee (the “Administration Fee”) to AWM Investment Company, Inc. (“AWM”) equal to 0.75% per annum of SSF III’s NAV. The total amount of fees and expenses (including the Administration Fees, professional fees and custodial fees, and the Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation paid to the Adviser charged to SSF III for the calendar year ended December 31, 2004 was approximately 5.41% of average net assets for the year ending December 31, 2004 (excluding the Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation, fees and expenses were 0.84% of average net assets).  SSF III complies with Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act.  As of September 30, 2005, SSF III had approximately 289 Unit holders who are Qualified Purchasers (“Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders”), owning approximately 92% of SSF III's Units, and approximately 162 Unit holders who are non-Qualified Purchasers (“non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders”) owning the balance.  
SSF QP
SSF QP is a Delaware limited partnership that was formed on May 17, 2005 to effect the Exchange Tender Offer.  SSF QP has been formed in compliance with, and will be bound by the terms and conditions of, this application.  It will not be registered under the 1940 Act in reliance upon the exemption afforded by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act as all of its investors will be Qualified Purchasers.  SSF QP’s Units will not be registered under the 1933 Act in reliance upon Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act.  Each investor in SSF QP will also be an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Regulation D.  SSF QP will have no assets until after the Valuation Date, after which date, the last business day immediately prior to the effectuation of the Exchange Tender Offer, SSF III will contribute portfolio securities, on a strict pro rata basis (except for fractional shares), to SSF QP having a total NAV equal to the total NAV of the SSF III Units tendered in the Exchange Tender Offer.  In exchange for such contribution of portfolio securities to SSF QP, SSF III, which is a Qualified Purchaser, shall be issued Units in SSF QP, consisting of limited partnership interests and general partnership interests, which will be exchanged to Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders who participate in the Exchange Tender Offer (“Exchanging Holders”) and the Adviser respectively, as described more fully in this application.  
SSF QP will have the same investment objectives as SSF III but will not begin investment activities until the Exchange Tender Offer is completed.  SSF QP expects to offer and sell additional Units to Exchanging Holders and other Qualified Purchasers semi-annually (i.e., as of January 1 and July 1 of each calendar year) at the discretion of the General Partner (beginning January 1, 2006).  SSF QP will have the same administration fee and performance allocation structure as SSF III.  The Adviser will receive a performance allocation equal to 20% of the net profit allocated to limited partners of SSF QP for each fiscal period (which is calculated with regard to a “high water mark” as described above).  SSF QP will pay each quarter, in arrears, an administrative fee to AWM equal to 0.75% per annum of SSF QP’s NAV.  
Beginning June 30, 2006, limited partners of SSF QP may redeem their Units of SSF QP semi-annually on June 30 and December 31 of each calendar year, by providing written notice to the Adviser on or before June 15 or December 15, respectively, of such calendar year.   The Adviser has the right to limit the aggregate redemptions of Units of SSF QP by limited partners in any semi-annual fiscal period to 10% of the outstanding Units at the last day of the period (after the redetermination of Units to reflect SSF QP’s profit or loss as of the end of such period).  Assuming the Transaction Participation Assumptions5 and that such transactions were consummated on December 31, 2003, the Applicants estimate that the fees and expenses for SSF QP (excluding any Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation but including all other fees, including the Administration Fee) would have been on a pro forma basis approximately 0.81% of average net assets for the calendar year ended December 31, 2004.  
SSF QP is eligible to satisfy a “passive income” exception from the general rule that a public-traded partnership shall be taxed as a corporation.  It is expected that SSF QP’s gross income will consist of sufficient “passive income”, e.g., dividends, interest, and gain from the sale of securities, to satisfy this safe harbor.  Therefore, the expiration of the “grandfathered” safe harbor under Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(1)(2) does not affect SSF QP.  In comparison, SSF III is not eligible to satisfy the “passive income” exception because it is a registered investment company.
The Adviser
The Adviser, which is a Delaware limited partnership, is an investment adviser registered with the Commission under the Advisers Act.  The Adviser serves as a General Partner of, and the investment adviser to, SSF III and, upon completion of the Exchange Tender Offer, will also serve as the general partner of, and investment adviser to, SSF QP.  AWM is the sole general partner of the Adviser and Austin W. Marxe, David M. Greenhouse and Adam Stettner are the sole limited partners of the Adviser (collectively with AWM, the “Principals”).  As of September 30, 2005, (i) the Adviser held 1,244.7802 Units of SSF III (representing approximately $35.5 million and 6.2% of the outstanding Units) as a General Partner; (ii) Mr. Marxe individually held 160.8813 Units of SSF III (representing approximately $4.4 million and 0.8% of the outstanding Units) as an Individual General Partner; (iii) Mr. Greenhouse individually held 33.3417 Units of SSF III (representing approximately $0.9 million and 0.2% of the outstanding Units), as a Limited Partner; and (iv) Mr. Stettner individually held 1.9543 Units of SSF III as a Limited Partner.
SSF III's Repurchase Offers
SSF III conducts routine cash repurchase offers pursuant to its fundamental policies, Rule 23c-3 promulgated under the 1940 Act and its limited partnership agreement.  Partners of SSF III are entitled to redeem Units at their NAV semi-annually, on June 30 and December 31 of each year.  For each semi-annual repurchase date, the Board determines the percentage of Units to be repurchased, which currently must be at least 10% of the total Units outstanding and not more than 25% of the total Units outstanding on the redemption date (determined after redetermination of the Units).  The Cash Repurchase Offer would be such a “routine” cash repurchase offer to all Limited Partners, including non-Qualified Purchasers Unit Holders.  
Information concerning the semi-annual routine repurchase offers conducted pursuant to Rule 23c-3 for the last five calendar years is annexed to this application as Schedule 1.  During the last five years, the Board has determined that the maximum percentage of Units to be repurchased in SSF III’s routine repurchase offers would be limited to 10% of SSF III’s outstanding Units for each semi-annual period.6  Limited Partners, however, have not exceeded 4.13% of total capital for any semi-annual period.  Requests for repurchase have exceeded 5% and 10%, on a semi-annual and annual basis, respectively, on  three occasions – December 31, 2004, December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2000 (in all cases resulting from significant tenders by the Adviser, which shall not participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer).  In addition, holders of Units in SSF III received notice from SSF III of the expiration of, effective January 1, 2006, the grandfather provision of the safe harbor relied on by SSF and the effect of such changes on the operations of SSF III before the most recent routine cash repurchase offer in June 2005.  There were no material deviations in the amount of Units tendered for repurchase in the June 2005 offer, as a percentage of Units of outstanding, as compared to amounts historically tendered.  At the time of each future semi-annual repurchase offer, SSF III expects to offer and sell additional Units to existing Limited Partners and other accredited investors (beginning in June 30, 2006).   The Cash Repurchase Offer will be conducted in accordance with Rule 23c-3 of the 1940 Act and thus is exempt from the requirements of Rule 13e-4 of the 1934 Act pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(7).  Therefore, no relief is requested for the Cash Repurchase Offer to all Unit holders.
SSF III's Proposed Cash Redemption Offer
The Cash Repurchase Offer will enable all Unit holders of SSF III (including Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders) to choose to tender their Units to SSF III for a cash payment equal to the NAV on the Valuation Date, of the Units tendered.  The Board has determined that the maximum percentage of Units to be repurchased pursuant to the Cash Repurchase Offer initially will be 10% of the total Units outstanding.  If the Limited Partners tender for repurchase in the Cash Repurchase Offer more than 10% of the Units outstanding, the Board will exercise its discretion to increase such maximum by another 2% of the total Units outstanding (for a total of 12%).  If the Cash Repurchase Offer remains oversubscribed, SSF III will repurchase Units tendered on a pro rata basis (based upon the number of Units submitted for purchase by each such holder).  The Applicants believe that in the Cash Repurchase Offer, which will be for up to 12% of SSF III's outstanding Units, all non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders who tender Units will be able to receive cash for all Units tendered.  In addition, the Applicants believe that repurchases above 12% would be imprudent and disruptive to SSF III’s investment operations.  The Individual General Partners, the Adviser, and the Principals will not participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer.
SSF III’s Proposed Exchange Tender Offer
The Exchange Tender Offer will allow all of the Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders (which are the only investors eligible to invest in SSF QP) a one-time opportunity to tender all of their SSF III Units for an equal amount of full and fractional Units of SSF QP having the same NAV as the tendered Units of SSF III on the Valuation Date.7  The Cash Repurchase Offer is not limited by the Exchange Tender Offer.  Thus, a Qualified Purchaser Unit Holder of SSF III will have the option to accept the Cash Repurchase Offer or the Exchange Tender Offer.  Any Partner that is eligible to invest in SSF QP will be eligible to participate in the Exchange Tender Offer.  
While all Unit holders of SSF III would have the right to participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer, only Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III would have the right to participate in the Exchange Tender Offer. Following the Exchange Tender Offer, Exchanging Holders will be limited partners of SSF QP rather than SSF III, but they will hold an interest in an equivalent securities portfolio at the same NAV.  In this sense, the Exchange Tender Offer can be viewed as a change in the form in which assets are held, rather than as a disposition giving rise to Rule 13e-4 concerns.  The proposed Offers would be structured in this manner to treat all Unit holders equally to the greatest extent practicable under the circumstances, described below, without disadvantaging any Unit holders.  The Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders are not arbitrarily designated groups of holders, and Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders would be unable to alter their character for purposes of eligibility for the Offers.  The purpose of the proposed Exchange Tender Offer is to provide all Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III with an exchange option that, if elected, would enable such Unit holders to switch their investments from SSF III to SSF QP, and thereby avoid the potential adverse consequences to all Unit holders of SSF III that may otherwise result in the absence of the Exchange Tender Offer.  The proposed Offers would be voluntary; no Unit holder of SSF III would be required to tender any Units.
On November 16, 2005, the Limited Partners of SSF III approved (i) the amendment of the limited partnership agreement of SSF III to authorize the Exchange Tender Offer (with 81% of the Units outstanding present in person or by proxy, 80.6% voted for, .2% against and .2% abstained), and (ii) the ratification of the terms of the Exchange Tender Offer (with 81% of the Units outstanding present in person or by proxy, 80.4% voted for, .2% against and .4% abstained).
In addition, no repurchase fees, brokerage commissions, fees or other remuneration will be paid by SSF III, SSF QP or any Unit holder in connection with the Offers.  SSF QP will bear, as organizational costs, the costs of effecting the Exchange Tender Offer, including the legal fees associated with this request, the relief requested under the 1940 Act, described below, and the preparation and filing with the Commission of SSF III’s proxy materials and tender offer materials for the Exchange Tender Offer.  The Applicants estimate such fees to be $100,000 or approximately 0.02% of SSF QP’s total assets, assuming the Transaction Participation Assumptions.  Any and all costs and expenses in connection with the Cash Repurchase Offer will be incurred before SSF III calculates its NAV, and therefore will be reflected in the NAV, on the Valuation Date.  Depending on participation in the Exchange Tender Offer and the Cash Repurchase Offer, SSF III is likely to be significantly smaller after the effect of the Offers.  Although the decrease in the size of SSF III will not result in an increase in the rate of the fee paid to SSF III’s administrator, other expenses of SSF III, such as legal, accounting and compliance fees, will not decrease in proportion to the decrease in the size of SSF III.
Assuming the Transaction Participation Assumptions and that such transactions were consummated on December 31, 2003, the ratio of all fees and expenses of SSF III (excluding any Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation but including all other fees, including the Administration Fee) to average net assets would have been 1.57% on a pro forma basis for the calendar year ended December 31, 2004, rather than the actual expense ratio of 0.84% of average net assets for the calendar year ended December 31, 2004.  Although the relative increase in SSF III’s expense ratio is expected to be material, the Board believes that the benefits of the Transaction to all Partners (including the continued service of the Adviser) outweigh the burden of any such increase in SSF III’s expense ratio. The Board has not asked the Adviser to waive or reduce the Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation to offset any increase in the expense ratio (and has no reason to believe that the Adviser would lower the Corporate General Partner Incentive Allocation, if asked).  The Board is very satisfied with the performance of the Adviser as SSF III's investment adviser in light of SSF III’s outstanding performance history.  In light of this history, even with an increased expense ratio, the Board believes that the remaining Limited Partners would benefit from the Transaction and the Adviser’s continued role under the current compensation arrangement.  
In the Exchange Tender Offer, SSF III will receive instructions from the Exchanging Holder to exchange the tendered Units of SSF III for SSF QP Units to be issued to an Exchanging Holder.  Pursuant to the Exchange Tender Offer each Unit of SSF QP issued to an Exchanging Holder will have an NAV equal to the NAV of SSF III Units exchanged.  The NAV of SSF III Units and SSF QP Units will be determined in an identical manner.  Because Units will be exchanged and issued at NAV, Limited Partners of SSF III will not be diluted.  Moreover, such exchange of Units will not be a taxable transaction for SSF III nor for the Exchanging Holder.  As will be stated in the document describing the Cash Repurchase Offer (and is consistent with SSF III’s practice and the disclosure for prior routine cash repurchase offers), a Partner may obtain information concerning the NAV of SSF III or of a Unit of SSF III on any date by telephoning SSF III, and SSF III will compute the NAV of SSF III and the NAV of a SSF III Unit daily during the period from December 9, 2005 through December 15, 2005.
The Exchange Tender Offer could be deemed to constitute an affiliated transaction prohibited under the 1940 Act.  SSF III has filed an exemptive application to the Commission's Division of Investment Management, for an exemptive order granting relief under the 1940 Act for SSF III to conduct the Exchange Tender Offer.8  The Commission published a Notice of Application (Investment Company Act Release No. 27140) on November 2, 2005 and the period for any interested person to request a hearing expires at 5:30 p.m. on November 25, 2005.
II. ANALYSIS
Rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act regulates issuer tender offers and imposes various requirements on such tender offers. Rule 13e-4 is designed to prevent fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative acts or practices in connection with issuer tender offers.9
The All Holders Provision, Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(i), requires that a “tender offer [be] open to all security holders of the class of securities subject to the tender offer.” While the All Holders Provision does not prohibit partial tender offers or offers for less than all outstanding securities of a class, the provision in effect provides that all security holders of a class must be able to accept the tender offer if they so desire.10  As proposed, only Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III would be able to elect the Exchange Tender Offer (although all Limited Partners will have the same opportunity to participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer).  This feature could be viewed as inconsistent with the All Holders Provision in that no non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holder of SSF III would be able to elect the Exchange Tender Offer.
The Best Price Provision, Rule 13e-4(f)(8)(ii), requires that “the consideration paid to any security holder pursuant to the tender offer [be] the highest consideration paid to any other security holder during such tender offer.” The Commission, in adopting amendments to Rule 13e-4, stated that the Best Price Provision requires that “the highest price paid to any tendering security holder . . . would need to be paid to any other tendering security holder.”11  In the proposed Offers, tendering Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III who elect the Exchange Tender Offer would receive whole or fractional Units of SSF QP equal in value to their tendered SSF III Units' NAV calculated on the Valuation Date.  Tendering Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III who elect to participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer would receive cash payment of their tendered SSF III Units' NAV calculated on the Valuation Date.  This feature of the proposed Offers could be viewed as inconsistent with the Best Price Provision in that alternative forms of consideration would be offered to Unit holders of SSF III.  In this regard, Rule 13e-4(f)(10) provides an exception to the Best Price Provision that permits alternative forms of consideration to be offered to tendering security holders, provided that: (i) security holders are afforded an equal right to elect among each of the types of consideration offered; and (ii) the highest consideration of each type paid to any security holder is paid to any other security holder receiving that type of consideration.  In the proposed Offers, all Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III, but only such Unit holders, would have an equal right to elect either the Cash Repurchase Offer or the Exchange Tender Offer.  This feature of the proposed Offers could be viewed as inconsistent with Rule 13e-4(f)(10)(i) because no non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holder of SSF III would have the right to elect the Exchange Tender Offer.  Therefore, the proposed Offers do not appear to qualify for the Rule 13e-4(f)(10) exception to the Best Price Provision.
Rule 13e-4(f)(6) requires that “until the expiration of at least ten business days after the date of termination of the issuer tender offer, neither the issuer nor any affiliate shall make any purchases, otherwise than pursuant to the tender offer, of (i) any security which is the subject of the issuer tender offer . . .; and (ii) in the case of an issuer tender offer that is an exchange offer, any security being offered pursuant to such exchange offer . . . .”  In the proposed Offers, the repurchase by SSF III pursuant to the Cash Repurchase Offer of Units of SSF III (which are the subject of the Exchange Tender Offer) may be viewed as inconsistent with Rule 13e-4(f)(6) if the date of the expiration of the Cash Repurchase Offer (i.e., December 16, 2005) is considered to be the purchase date for purposes of Rule 13e-4(f)(6), because it is within ten business days of the termination of the Exchange Tender Offer (also December 16, 2005).   
Notwithstanding the fact that certain features of the Exchange Tender Offer may be considered inconsistent with the terms of Rule 13e-4, SSF III believes that the Offers are consistent with the policies and purposes underlying Rule 13e-4 generally.  In addition, the Exchange Tender Offer would otherwise comply with Rule 13e-4, which would include, among other things, (i) filing a Schedule TO with the Commission, (ii) furnishing disclosure documents containing information required by Schedule TO promptly to SSF III Unit holders, (iii) providing a SSF QP private placement memorandum with the Exchange Tender Offer, (iv) remaining open at least 20 business days, (v) allowing for withdrawal of any tendered Units while the Exchange Tender Offer remains open, (vi) not extending the Exchange Tender Offer without proper notice, and (vii) promptly exchanging the tendered Units for SSF QP Units following the termination of the Exchange Tender Offer. 
Further, SSF III believes that, based on precedent, relief should be available to permit it to conduct the Exchange Tender Offer without complying with the All Holders Provision, the Best Price Provision, and Rule 13e-4(f)(6).  The exemptive relief requested with respect to the All Holders Provision and the Best Price Provision is consistent with relief recently granted to Man-Glenwood Lexington, LLC et. al. (“Man-Glenwood”) (pub. avail. January 31, 2005).  Therein, the Commission permitted Man-Glenwood to conduct an exchange offer whereby only the tax exempt investors in a registered investment company would be permitted to exchange their units for units in a registered investment company that afforded such investors beneficial tax treatment.
The Commission has also granted relief from these provisions under the various tender offer rules, as discussed below, in circumstances where a particular offer, although not in compliance with these provisions, would not violate the public policy of prohibiting discriminatory offers that disfavor certain security holders.  In particular, the Commission has granted relief in circumstances where, although not otherwise factually applicable to the Offers, one group of holders would receive benefits not available to other holders.  Although the facts and circumstances of the proposed Offers differ from those in the below-cited precedent, SSF III believes that the relief it seeks in this letter is consistent with the position the Commission took in those instances.  These positions are represented in no-action letters involving similar all holders and best price provisions that are contained in Rule 14d-10, which applies to third-party tender offers.  See, e.g., Madison Dearborn Partners, LLC (pub. Avail. July 5, 2002) (relief granted to allow a tender offer to treat shareholders differently by including an alternative to cash payment available only for non-U.S. shareholders because the alternative, in the form of “loan notes,” offered no tax benefits to U.S. holders); Esat Telecom Group plc (pub. Avail. Dec. 23, 1999) (similar transaction).  See also International Business Machines Corp. (pub. Avail. March 8, 2000) (tender offer allowed Canadian shareholders to receive certain exchangeable shares rather than common shares available to other shareholders to maximize tax benefits available to Canadian holders while minimizing tax liabilities of both groups).
The purpose of the Exchange Tender Offer is to permit Qualified Purchaser SSF III Unit holders to switch funds without liquidating their ultimate investment, and thereby avoid the adverse consequences to all Limited Partners described herein.  All Qualified Purchasers are eligible and will be treated equally.  It is voluntary on the part of Qualified Purchasers, and there will be no recommendation by SSF III as to whether a tender should be made.  The Offers will benefit all SSF III Unit holders as the alternative of liquidating or conducting only a cash tender offer to all Unit holders would result in taxable income to all Unit holders resulting from sale of SSF III’s securities portfolio.  The proposed Exchange Tender Offer to Qualified Purchasers will result in no taxable income to other Unit holders and it is expected that it will not result in taxable income for tendering Qualified Purchasers.  SSF III believes that combined with the Cash Repurchase Offer, the Exchange Tender Offer allows SSF III to achieve a result that is in the best interest of all Unit holders.  Under the circumstances, no regulatory purpose is served by preventing SSF III from conducting the Offers as proposed.  
Although the Applicants are not seeking exemptive or no-action relief from provisions other than the All Holders Provision, the Best Price Provision and Rule 13e-4(f)(6), the Applicants note that payments, as required under Rule 13e-4(f)(5) and Rule 14e-1(c), must occur promptly. The proceeds of the Cash Repurchase Offer will be distributed on January 6, 2006, as required by Rule 23c-3 of the 1940 Act and SSF III’s limited partnership agreement.  With respect to the Exchange Tender Offer, the exchange will occur on December 31, 2005 after calculation of the NAV as of the Valuation Date.  SSF III’s limited partnership agreement requires that the valuation date for a cash repurchase offer be 14 days after the termination of such cash repurchase offer.  Applicants believe that it is in the Unit holders best interest to ensure economic equivalence between the Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer by having a common valuation date and conducting the Offers concurrently.  Moreover, for limited partnerships such as SSF III, to avoid an additional closing of the books of account during the middle of a fiscal period and the costs, administrative burdens, and possible inequities associated therewith, it is standard practice to effect a transaction in the nature of the exchange at the end of a fiscal period (December 31, 2005).  Thus, the Applicants believe that payment in the Exchange Tender Offer will be prompt for purposes of Rule 13e-4(f)(5) and Rule 14e-1(c).  
The Applicants have also considered the application of Rule 14e-5 to the Offers.  The Applicants believe that the Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer are part of the same tender offer.  Applicants believe that the Cash Repurchase Offer could also be exempt under Rule 14e-5(b)(7), because under SSF III’s agreement of limited partnership, a binding and unconditional contract entered into prior to the making of the Offers, SSF III is contractually bound to make a semi-annual cash repurchase offer, in the minimum amount of 10% of its outstanding Units and upon the other terms of the Cash Repurchase Offer set forth in SSF III’s limited partnership agreement.  The existence and material terms of such offer are described in the offering materials for the Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer.  Moreover, SSF III’s Units are not transferable pursuant to SSF III’s limited partnership agreement, and there is no market for SSF III’s Units.  The Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer are being conducted concurrently, having the same termination date and Valuation Date, and are economically equivalent.  If the Offers are considered as separate for purposes of Rule 14e-5, the Applicants believe no Unit holder is disadvantaged.  Specifically, participation in the Cash Repurchase Offer will not affect the NAV at which the Exchange Tender Offer is conducted.  In addition, the non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders in the Cash Repurchase Offer likely benefit from SSF III’s providing to the Qualified Purchaser Unit Holder an equivalent alternative to the Cash Repurchase Offer for the reasons stated herein.  Thus, the Applicants believe that the Offers do not violate Rule 14e-5.
The All Holders Provision
The Commission has granted relief from the All Holders Provision in several instances to permit issuers to conduct tender offers in which only some identifiable group of their security holders was eligible to participate.  E.g., Peter Kiewit Sons, Inc., Kiewit Materials Company (pub. avail. Aug. 4, 2000) (relief granted to permit an issuer to make a selective exchange offer to a limited group of security holders); Westamerica Bancorporation (pub. avail. June 20, 1996) (relief granted to permit an issuer to make a selective repurchase offer to a limited group of security holders).  In granting relief from the All Holders Provision, the Commission, in each instance, noted the following factors: (i) that within the group of security holders eligible to participate in the tender offer, the issuer made the offer available to all members of the group; and (ii) that the issuer made no recommendation as to whether members of the group should tender or refrain from tendering their securities. These factors are present in the proposed Offers, as well.
As proposed, the Cash Repurchase Offer would be made available to all Unit holders of SSF III, regardless of their Qualified Purchaser status.  Therefore, all Unit holders of SSF III would be eligible to participate in the proposed Cash Repurchase Offer equally if they desired to liquidate their investment.  In the other instances cited, some security holders were ineligible to participate in any way in the proposed tender offer and did not have the opportunity to have their securities repurchased which is afforded by the Cash Repurchase Offer.  If the number of Units submitted for repurchase by Partners exceeds the maximum amount of the repurchase offer (as it may be increased),  SSF III will repurchase Units submitted for repurchase on a pro rata basis, based upon the number of Units submitted for purchase by each such holder (although the Applicants believe that the maximum amount of the repurchase offer will be sufficient to allow for the satisfaction of requests for repurchase). 
Although the non-Qualified Purchase Unit Holders of SSF III could not choose the Exchange Tender Offer, it would be made available to all Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders, and all Unit holders within that group would be treated equally.  Both Qualified Purchasers Unit Holders and non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders would be able to participate in the economically equivalent Cash Repurchase Offer to liquidate all or a portion of their investment on equal terms.  In addition, neither SSF III nor any Individual General Partner would make any recommendation as to whether any Unit holder should tender or refrain from tendering its Units in the Cash Repurchase Offer or the Exchange Tender Offer.
Moreover, as stated above, the purpose of the proposed Exchange Tender Offer is to provide all Qualified Purchasers Unit Holders of SSF III with an offer that, if elected, would enable such Unit holders to switch their investments from SSF III to SSF QP without liquidation, which otherwise would create potential adverse consequences to all Unit holders of SSF III.  Adverse consequences, discussed below, may otherwise result in the absence of the Exchange Tender Offer. Because SSF QP is designed for investment solely by Qualified Purchasers investors, no purpose would be served by SSF III's extending the Exchange Tender Offer to all of its Unit holders, who would not be eligible to own SSF QP Units.
The Best Price Provision
The Commission has granted relief from the Best Price Provision in certain instances to permit issuers to conduct tender offers in which security holders of a closed-end fund have the option to tender their securities either for cash or for the cash-equivalent amount of shares of certain other funds within the same fund complex that are subject to a contingent deferred sales charge.  E.g., GT Global Floating Rate Fund, Inc. (pub. avail. March 26, 1997); EV Classic Senior Floating-Rate Fund (pub. avail. April 13, 1995). In each instance, shareholders electing to receive cash would have been subject to an early withdrawal charge (“EWC”) if they had held their tendered shares for less than a specified period of time. Shareholders electing to receive the cash-equivalent amount of contingent deferred sales charge (“CDSC”) shares would not have been subject to an EWC.  Such shareholders would have been subject, however, to a CDSC equivalent to the EWC in the event that they redeemed their CDSC shares within the same period of time.  While not factually the same as the Offers, in each instance, the proposal would not have resulted in unfair discrimination among shareholders, nor would the proposal have misled shareholders.  The two options were viewed as economically equivalent. These factors are present in the proposed Offers, as well.
In the absence of the Exchange Tender Offer, Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III desiring to switch their investments from SSF III to SSF QP would be required to accept a repurchase offer that does not contain an exchange privilege, tender their Units to SSF III for cash liquidation, and then purchase Units of SSF QP. Thus, in the absence of the Exchange Tender Offer, it is likely that more Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders may accept a cash repurchase payment, as a costly and inefficient means to switch to SSF QP, than would be the case if an exchange privilege were available.  Such a large offer would require SSF III to seek to liquidate a greater portion of its securities portfolio (compared to the amount it would otherwise liquidate if an exchange privilege were available and elected) to accommodate a larger cash repurchase payment to the tendering Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders (compared to the amount it would otherwise make if an exchange privilege were available and elected).  The results of such a liquidation of portfolio investments could have a significant adverse impact on the remaining Unit holders of SSF III.  To fund a large repurchase, SSF III would need to liquidate investments that it may not otherwise liquidate, which could disrupt SSF III's investment operations and also cause SSF III Limited Partners to recognize gains or losses (or SSF III to incur fees -- and thereby reduce any returns) that it might not otherwise incur.  A large liquidation of holdings may also reduce the investment opportunities available to SSF III and cause its expense ratio to increase.  Offering the Exchange Tender Offer would likely reduce (or eliminate) the number of Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders accepting the Cash Repurchase Offer, which would eliminate any adverse impact on SSF III (and its remaining Limited Partners) of Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders switching their investments from SSF III to SSF QP.
Structuring the proposed Offers as described in this letter would be beneficial to all Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III and would not be detrimental to the remaining, non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders of SSF III.  The proposed Offers would avoid the potential adverse consequences to Unit holders of SSF III that may otherwise result in their absence.  Thus, the proposed Offers would not result in unfair discrimination among Unit holders of SSF III, nor would the proposed Offers mislead Unit holders.
The Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer also would be economically equivalent. As discussed above, a Unit holder accepting or electing the Cash Repurchase Offer would receive cash payment of the tendered SSF III Units' NAV calculated on the Valuation Date, and a Qualified Purchaser Unit Holder electing the Exchange Tender Offer would receive Units of SSF QP valued at NAV.  The Exchange Tender Offer would not give Exchanging Holders a different or better price for their Units of SSF III than other Unit holders. No repurchase fee, brokerage commission, transaction fees or other remuneration will be paid by SSF III, SSF QP, the Adviser or any Unit or interest holder in connection with the Offers.  No repurchase fees, brokerage commissions, fees or other remuneration will be paid by SSF III, SSF QP or any Unit holder in connection with the Offers.  SSF QP will bear, as organizational costs, the costs of effecting the Exchange Tender Offer, including the legal fees associated with this request, the relief requested under the 1940 Act, described below, and the preparation and filing with the Commission of SSF III’s proxy materials and tender offer materials for the Exchange Tender Offer.  The Applicants estimate such fees to be $100,000 or approximately 0.02% of SSF QP’s total assets, assuming the Transaction Participation Assumptions.  Any and all costs and expenses in connection with the Cash Repurchase Offer will be incurred before SSF III calculates its NAV, and therefore will be reflected in the NAV, on the Valuation Date.
Rule 13e-4(f)(6)
Rule 13e-4(f)(6) is “essentially an antimanipulation restriction.”12  The Release adopting Rule 13e-4(f)(6) states the “purpose of the prohibition on post-offer purchasing activity is to prevent the issuer from supporting the market at that artificial price after termination of the tender offer.” 13  SSF III’s Units are not transferable under SSF III’s limited partnership agreement, and no market exists or could exist with respect to SSF III’s Units.  Thus, SSF III would be unable to support the market at an artificial level or otherwise influence the price of the subject securities.  In addition, SSF III’s repurchase of its Units in the Cash Repurchase Offer will have no effect on the NAV at which the Exchange Tender Offer is effected.  Accordingly, the proposed transactions would not involve any of the abuses intended to be addressed by Rule 13e-4(f)(6) and it is appropriate to grant no action relief from Rule 13e-4(f)(6) to the extent the Exchange Tender Offer is inconsistent with such rule.  
Rule 13e-4(h)(9)
As stated above, Rule 13e-4 is designed to prevent fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative acts or practices in connection with issuer tender offers. Where offers for and exchanges of securities that are the subject of an issuer tender offer will not result in abuses that the Williams Act was designed to prevent, the Commission has reserved the right to grant an exemption from all or part of Rule 13e-4 pursuant to paragraph (h)(9) of that section. Rule 13e-4(h)(9) provides that the issuer tender offer provisions of Rule 13e-4 shall not apply to “any other transaction or transactions, if the Commission, upon written request...exempts such transaction or transactions, either unconditionally, or on specified terms and conditions, as not constituting a fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative act or practice comprehended within the purpose of this section.”  The concern underlying the Williams Act is that uninformed security holders could be pressured into rushed decisions to sell their securities.  The Exchange Tender Offer is not a transaction that involves any abuse that the Williams Act was designed to prevent or that otherwise raises the concern underlying the Williams Act.  Moreover, the Exchange Tender Offer will be structured to comply with all of the requirements and safeguards of Rule 13e-4, with the exceptions discussed in this letter.
Therefore, SSF III believes that it is appropriate for the Staff to grant the exemptive or no-action relief sought in this letter.
III. CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, SSF III believes that the Exchange Tender Offer could not constitute a fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative act or practice.  On behalf of SSF III, we hereby request that the Commission grant an exemption from the All Holders Provision and the Best Price Provision, and advise us that it will not recommend an enforcement action under Rule 13e-4(f)(6) under the 1934 Act, with respect to the Exchange Tender Offer, to enable SSF III to conduct the Exchange Tender Offer as described in this letter.  While this relief is sought from the Division of Corporation Finance, we have discussed the request with members of the Division of Investment Management, and this letter is copied to that Division.
Please note that SSF III would like to conduct the Offers with an expiration date of approximately December 16, 2005.  This will require that SSF III file tender offer materials by November 17, 2005.  Due to the compressed time frame involved, SSF III respectfully requests expedited review of this letter and we would appreciate hearing from the Staff at its earliest convenience.  If members of the Staff have any questions about this request or need any further information, please contact Allen B. Levithan at (973) 597-2406.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Allen B. Levithan
Allen B. Levithan
1  SSF III has a corporate general partner, MGP Advisers Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Adviser”), which acts as its investment adviser, and individual general partners (“Individual General Partners,” and together with the Adviser, the “General Partners”) who serve in the same capacity as directors of a registered investment company organized as a corporation.  The Individual General Partners are responsible for the overall management and supervision of SSF III.  The Individual General Partners shall remain in such capacity with SSF III.   All other partners of SSF III are limited partners (together with the General Partners, the “Partners”).  
2  The Cash Repurchase Offer will be conducted in accordance with Rule 23c-3 of the 1940 Act and therefore is exempt from the requirements of Rule 14e-1 and 14e-2 of the 1934 Act pursuant to Rule 14e-6.  The Exchange Tender Offer will be conducted in compliance with Regulation 14E under the 1934 Act.
3  A limited number of employees of AWM Investment Company, Inc., SSF III’s administrator and the General Partner of the Adviser, who are not “accredited investors” or “qualified clients”, are investors in SSF III.  Such employees do not pay a performance fee to the Adviser.
4  This figure excludes the Units held by the Adviser although Austin Marxe, an Individual General Partner, is deemed to beneficially own the Units held by the Adviser by virtue of his control over the Adviser.
5  For purposes of projecting the effects of the transactions described in this application, the Applicants have assumed the Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer were consummated as follows (collectively, the “Transaction Participation Assumptions”):  (A) all Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders other than the Adviser and the Principals (as defined below) fully participated in the Exchange Tender Offer; (B) approximately 4.2% of the outstanding Units of SSF III (representing half of the Units of non-Qualified Purchaser Unit Holders) participated in the Cash Repurchase Offer; (C) the Adviser did not participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer; (D) the Adviser, and two Principals (as defined below), Austin Marxe and David Greenhouse, participated in the Exchange Tender Offer in the same proportion as other Limited Partners as described in endnote 10 below; and (E) Adam Stettner, a Principal, did not participate in the Cash Repurchase Offer or the Exchange Tender Offer.  The net result of the Transaction Participation Assumptions is that approximately 91.3% of SSF III’s total Units would be exchanged for Units of SSF QP, approximately 4.5% would remain in SSF III, and approximately 4.2% would be repurchased for cash.  There can be no assurance that participation in the Cash Repurchase Offer and the Exchange Tender Offer will be similar to the Transaction Participation Assumptions.
6  In December 2003 the Board exercised its discretion to increase the maximum to permit satisfaction of all tenders for repurchase.
7  SSF III will conduct the Exchange Tender Offers pursuant to Section 23(c)(2) of the 1940 Act and pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the 1934 Act.  At a duly called meeting to be held on November 16, 2005, the Limited Partners approved an amendment of the limited partnership agreement of SSF III to authorize the Exchange Tender Offer.  SSF III would conduct the Exchange Tender Offer only in conformity with any relief under Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the 1934 Act granted by the Commission or staff.  The Cash Repurchase Offer and Exchange Tender Offer will appear in one document sent to SSF III’s Limited Partners, with participation in the Exchange Tender Offer clearly designated as restricted to Qualified Purchasers.
8  The Individual General Partners, other than Mr. Austin Marxe who is an Individual General Partner and a Principal, will not participate in the Exchange Tender Offer.  The Adviser and two of its Principals, Austin Marxe and David Greenhouse (in their individual capacities), will participate in the Exchange Tender Offer in the same proportion as the Limited Partners after giving effect to the Cash Repurchase Offer, that is, they will exchange Units in the same proportion as the Units held by all Limited Partners (other than Mr. Greenhouse) are exchanged, subject to the Adviser and the Individual General Partners holding collectively at least 1% of SSF III’s outstanding Units.  Mr. Adam Stettner will not participate in the Exchange Tender Offer.  Assuming the Transaction Participation Assumptions, the Adviser and the Principals collectively would own approximately 7.7% of SSF III’s outstanding Units as follows:  the Adviser = 6.5%; Mr. Marxe = 0.8%; Mr. Greenhouse = 0.2%; and Mr. Stettner = 0.2%.
9  In addition, Regulation 14E prohibits various unlawful tender offer practices.
10  See Part III.A of Securities Exchange Act Release No. 34-23421 (July 11, 1986).  
11  Securities Exchange Act Release No. 34-23421, Part III.B.1 (July 11, 1986).
12   Securities Exchange Act Release 34-16112, Part IV.E.6 (August 16, 1979).
13   Securities Exchange Act Release 34-16112, Part IV.E.6 (August 16, 1979).

 


http://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/specialsituations111705.htm





Home | Previous Page
Modified: 12/07/2005









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




CF Special Situation Fund II, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











CF Special Situation Fund II, LP  Funding details


CF Special Situation Fund II, LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001510505Address: 1360 EAST 9TH STREET SUITE 1250 CLEVELAND 44114Phone number: 216.539.1178



Latest news
CF Special Situation Fund II, LP raised $11,477,241 from 30 investors on 2016-10-20.



CF Special Situation Fund II, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-20Amended Form DIndefinite$11,477,241Indefinite$500,0003006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2015-10-28Amended Form DIndefinite$11,477,241Indefinite$500,0003006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2014-11-04Amended Form DIndefinite$11,477,241Indefinite$500,0003006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2013-11-04Amended Form DIndefinite$11,377,241Indefinite$500,0002906b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2013-01-22Amended Form DIndefinite$10,987,752Indefinite$500,0002406 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2012-01-18Amended Form DIndefinite$7,170,160Indefinite$500,0002006 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2011-01-18New Form DIndefinite$6,956,000Indefinite$500,0001906 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
CF Special Situation Fund II, LP raised $11,477,241 in total.



Directors and Executives of CF Special Situation Fund II, LP
Key People in CF Special Situation Fund II, LP:

Robert ClutterbuckRyan CraneN/A Clutterbuck Funds LLC
Similar companiesCFD Ventures, LLC, CFIP DOMESTIC FUND L P, CFIP OVERSEAS FUND LTD, CFBANC CORP/D C, CFROI GLOBAL LIFE CYCLE FUND LLC, CFF Capital Management, L.P., CFX BATTERY INC, CFS TOTAL RETURN FUND LP, CFIP CONVERTIBLES DOMESTIC FUND, L.P., CFIP CONVERTIBLES OVERSEAS FUND, LTD., CFROI SMALL CAP LIFE FUND LLC, CF Parallel II-B Inc.








Last visited companies: DOUBLE EAGLE CAPITAL ACE FUND LP, DOUBLE EAGLE CAPITAL ACE FUND LP, DOUBLE EAGLE CAPITAL ACE FUND LP, Double Eagle Capital Medalist Fund LP, Double Eagle Capital Medalist Offshore Fund Ltd.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















CF Special Situation Fund II, LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











CF Special Situation Fund II, LP  Financing
CF Special Situation Fund II, LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  CF Special Situation Fund II, LP was able to sell $10,987,752. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 24 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $500,000. The financing document was filed on 2013-01-22. CF Special Situation Fund II, LP is based in  1360 EAST 9TH STREET SUITE 1250 CLEVELAND 44114. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Robert Clutterbuck.





SEC FORM D/A


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001510505




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
CF Special Situation Fund II, LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2010


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
CF Special Situation Fund II, LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 EAST 9TH STREET
SUITE 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


CLEVELAND
OHIO
44114
216.539.1178


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Clutterbuck
Robert
T.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 East 9th Street
Suite 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Mr. Clutterbuck is a managing member of CF Managers LLC. CF Managers LLC is the manager of Clutterbuck Funds LLC, the general partner of the Issuer, and of Clutterbuck Capital Management LLC, the investment manager of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Crane
Ryan
R.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 East 9th Street
Suite 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Mr. Crane is a managing member of CF Managers LLC. CF Managers LLC is the manager of Clutterbuck Funds LLC, the general partner of the Issuer, and of Clutterbuck Capital Management LLC, the investment manager of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Clutterbuck
Robert
C.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


200 Public Square
Suite 2910


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Mr. Clutterbuck is a managing member of CF Managers LLC. CF Managers LLC is the manager of Clutterbuck Funds LLC, the general partner of the Issuer, and of Clutterbuck Capital Management LLC, the investment manager of the Issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)


  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))
  
Rule 505


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)
X
Rule 506


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)
  
Securities Act Section 4(5)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)
X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)





X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)




7. Type of Filing


  
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2011-01-03

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


X
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$500,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$10,987,752

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
24


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The general partner is entitled to a performance allocation.  The investment manager is entitled to a management fee.  The performance allocation and management fee are fully discussed in the Issuer's confidential offering materials.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Rule 505 exemption, the issuer is not disqualified 
                    from relying on Rule 505 for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


CF Special Situation Fund II, LP
/s/ Robert T. Clutterbuck
Robert T. Clutterbuck
Managing Member of CF Managers LLC
2013-01-18


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




CF Special Situation Fund II, LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-20Amended Form DIndefinite$11,477,241Indefinite$500,0003006b 3C 3C.1[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2015-10-28Amended Form DIndefinite$11,477,241Indefinite$500,0003006b 3C 3C.1[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2014-11-04Amended Form DIndefinite$11,477,241Indefinite$500,0003006b 3C 3C.1[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2013-11-04Amended Form DIndefinite$11,377,241Indefinite$500,0002906b 3C 3C.1[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2013-01-22Amended Form DIndefinite$10,987,752Indefinite$500,0002406 3C 3C.1[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2012-01-18Amended Form DIndefinite$7,170,160Indefinite$500,0002006 3C 3C.1[view]2011-01-18New Form DIndefinite$6,956,000Indefinite$500,0001906 3C 3C.1[view]
CF Special Situation Fund II, LP List of ExecutivesN/A Clutterbuck Funds LLC, Robert Clutterbuck, Robert Clutterbuck, Ryan Crane, Ryan Crane











Last visited: Floracar Investors, LLC, Flow Search Corp., Fluid Management Holdings, LLC, Focused Ventures Opportunity Fund, LLLP, Fonmatch, Inc.

								© 
							


















CF Special Situation Fund II, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Clutterbuck  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









CF Special Situation Fund II, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1360 East 9 Th Street Suite 1250 
    Cleveland, OH, 44114Phone: 216.539.1178 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-20


Amended


$11,477,241


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-28


Amended


$11,477,241


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-11-04


Amended


$11,477,241


$100,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2013-11-04


Amended


$11,377,241


$389,489


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2013-01-22


Amended


$10,987,752


$3,817,592


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2012-01-18


Amended


$7,170,160


$214,160


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2011-01-18


New


$6,956,000


$6,956,000


Other


06 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Robert C. Clutterbuck 
 Promoter 


 N/A Clutterbuck Funds Llc 
 Promoter 


 Ryan R. Crane 
 Promoter 












CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP  Financing
CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP was able to sell $131,828,359. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 154 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $500,000. The financing document was filed on 2013-11-04. CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP is based in  1360 EAST 9TH STREET SUITE 1250 CLEVELAND 44114. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Robert Clutterbuck.





SEC FORM D/A


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

  
None

Entity Type


0001380480
CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I L P



  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


X
Over Five Years Ago


  
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)



  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 EAST 9TH STREET
SUITE 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


CLEVELAND
OHIO
44114
216-539-1181


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Clutterbuck
Robert
T.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 East 9th Street
Suite 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The general partner of the Issuer is Clutterbuck Funds LLC. Robert T. Clutterbuck is the President, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Clutterbuck Funds LLC.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Crane
Ryan
R.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 East 9th Street
Suite 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The general partner of the Issuer is Clutterbuck Funds LLC. Ryan R. Crane is the Vice President, Secretary and Partner of Clutterbuck Funds LLC.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Clutterbuck
Robert
C.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 East 9th Street
Suite 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The general partner of the Issuer is Clutterbuck Funds LLC.  Robert C. Clutterbuck is the Vice President, Treasurer and Partner of CF Founders LLC.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Clutterbuck Funds LLC
N/A


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


1360 East 9th Street
Suite 1250


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Cleveland
OHIO
44114



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Clutterbuck Funds LLC is the general partner of the Issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


X
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


  
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2006-05-01

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


X
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$500,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
  
None



Raymond James & Associates
200887



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



None
None


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

880 Carillon Parkway

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


St. Petersburg
FLORIDA
33716



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
X
All States


  
Foreign/non-US







Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
  
None



Safeguard Securities Inc.
31256



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



None
None


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


One Chagrin Highlands
2000 Auburn Drive, # 300


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


Cleveland
OHIO
44122



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
X
All States


  
Foreign/non-US







Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
  
None



Raymond James Financial Services
6694



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



None
None


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

880 Carillon Parkway

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


St. Petersburg
FLORIDA
33716



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
X
All States


  
Foreign/non-US





13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$131,828,359

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
154


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$629,699

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The general partner is entitled to a performance allocation.  The investment manager is entitled to a management fee. The performance allocation and the management fee are fully discussed in the Issuer's confidential offering materials.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP
/s/ Robert T. Clutterbuck
Robert T. Clutterbuck
President, CEO and Managing Partner of Clutterbuck Funds LLC
2013-11-04


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-20Amended Form DIndefinite$138,126,390Indefinite$500,00015906b 3C 3C.7[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2015-10-28Amended Form DIndefinite$138,126,390Indefinite$500,00015906b 3C 3C.7[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2014-11-04Amended Form DIndefinite$135,126,390Indefinite$500,00015906b 3C 3C.7[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2013-11-04Amended Form DIndefinite$131,828,359Indefinite$500,00015406b 3C 3C.7[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2013-01-22Amended Form DIndefinite$124,565,574Indefinite$500,00014006 3C 3C.1[view]Total Amount Sold reflects cumulative subscriptions since inception. Number of Investors (Item 14) reflects cumulative subscribers since inception. Responses do not reflect withdrawals, performance-based changes in value, or current number of investors.2011-09-28Amended Form DIndefinite$108,731,243Indefinite$500,00010806 3C 3C.1[view]
CF SPECIAL SITUATION FUND I, LP List of ExecutivesN/A Clutterbuck Funds LLC, Robert Clutterbuck, Robert Clutterbuck, Ryan Crane, Ryan Crane











Last visited: VINCI VERNIER PARTNERS, LP, VINE MEDIA OPPORTUNITIES - FUND III-B, LP, VIOLET GREY INC, VIP GP LLC, VIP Capital Management LP

								© 
							
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







Quick Reorder Login - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands


















 





















Adding to Cart...




Added to Cart



Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







*Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.






Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought

















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in
















Printer Ink Cartridges and Toner Cartridges | Office Supplies - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












Ink & Toner Finder
Find Printer Supplies, Fast, Easy & Hassle Free.






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit



Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges - Office Supplies

Recommended Products






LD Multipurpose Standard Size Paper - 1500 Sheets Per Pack
$32.99
$12.99








Sharpie Permanent Marker - 5 Pack
$8.22
$3.83








House of Doolittle Horizontal Planner
$12.69
$11.49








Sharpie Major Accent Assorted Highlighters - 6 Pack
$7.88
$2.99








Rolodex Mesh Oval Pencil Cup
$22.06
$9.99








Sparco Standard Staple - 5000 per box
$3.88
$1.42








Business Source Round Ring View Binder
$7.65
$1.79








Swingline All Metal Full-Strip Desk Stapler
$16.15
$4.99








Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Pen, Black - 12 Pack
$26.40
$12.62








Verbatim 16GB 97275 USB 2.0 Flash Drive
$15.00
$6.57








Sparco Straight Scissors
$10.89
$1.68








Post-it Adhesive Note - 4 per pack - Yellow
$4.03
$2.48








BIC Mechanical Pencil - 12 Pack
$6.96
$5.71








Crayola Colored Pencils, Short 64 CT - 1 per set
$12.99
$10.51








Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
$15.00
$10.98








Crayola Classic Colors Markers - 8 per set
$4.13
$4.11








Mead Five Star "Best" Backpack
$44.99
$32.03








LD Mini Office Supply Kit
$4.99
$2.99








Elmer's Washable All Purpose School Glue Sticks - 4 per pack
$4.03
$2.59








Kensington Lightning Charge & Sync Cable
$26.99
$22.95





Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 


This Month's Features


Popular Office Supplies





Back to School Headquarters





Sharpie Supplies





Here At LD Products...


Award Winning Customer Service



Live Assistance on Orders


Our award-winning customer service team are knowledgeable, personable, and provide service with a smile.




Discover the LD Difference



Commitment to Quality


Printing with a cartridge you can count on is important.




State-of-the-Art Warehouses



Fast Processing and Shipping


Our automated fulfillment centers and dedicated warehouse staff work together to expedite the delivery of your order.





Bizrate Platinum Award Winner









Awarded to retailers for excellent online customer experience and service.


LD Products is a leading provider of discount printer ink and office supplies. At LD Products, you can count on:


Low prices that don't include a sacrifice in quality.
Lifetime guarantee


Same day shipping before 4PM PST
Award-winning service
Free delivery on orders over $50†


 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 









Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












special situation fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Top 10 Mutual Funds - Find Top 10 Mutual Funds | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Mutual+Funds



Search for Top 10 Mutual Funds with 100's of Results at SearchAll.com!





Best Mutual Funds



Top 5 Mutual Funds



Top 10 Mutual Funds




Compare Mutual Funds



Best Performing Mutual Funds



No Load Mutual Funds





Special Situations Fund - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Special Situations Fund



Results for Special Situations Fund. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Searches related tospecial situation fund



fidelity global special situations fund


fidelity special situations fund


special situations investing


apollo special situations fund



special situations group


fidelity china special situations fund


mckinsey special situations fund


value line special situations fund




Web Results

Special Situation - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/s/special_situation.asp


Particular circumstances involving a security that would compel investors to trade the security based on the special situation, rather than the underlying ...


Special Situations Funds

https://www.ssfund.com


You need to upgrade your Flash Player Get Flash Player ...


Special Situations Fund | Foresters Financial

www.foresters.com/.../mutual-funds/special-situations-fund


First Investors Special Situations Fund The Fund seeks long-term growth of capital.


Special situation - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special_situation


Special situation in finance is an event turning business to ... To take advantage of special situations, a hedge fund manager must identify an upcoming event that ...


KPS Capital Partners - Official Site

www.kpsfund.com


Investment focus: constructive investing in turnarounds, restructurings, bankruptcies, employee buyouts and other special situations.


L&T India Special Situations Fund (G) NAV | L&T Mutual ...

www.moneycontrol.com/.../nav/l-t-india-special-situations-fund/MFF007


L&T India Special Situations Fund (G) - Explore L&T India Special Situations Fund (G) for information, and updates on latest NAV, performance, dividends, portfolio ...


KKR | KKR Closes $2.0 Billion Special Situations Fund

media.kkr.com/media/media_releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=818077


KKR & CO. L.P. (KKR) Kohlberg Kravis Roberts is a leading global investment firm founded by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, with deep roots in private equity ...


Special Situation Investments | Low Risk Arbitrage ...

https://www.specialsituationinvestments.com


Site covers special situation investment ideas that are mostly applicable to smaller investors, as the return on majority of these opportunities is limited in ...


Courage Capital Management - Special Situations

couragecap.com/special-situations?D=top


There can be no assurance that these or comparable returns will be achieved from investments made by the Courage Special Situations Master Fund, L.P. ...


Liontrust Special Situations Fund | What we offer ...

www.liontrust.co.uk/funds/special-situations-fund


The Liontrust Special Situations Fund can invest in any stocks in the FTSE All -Share Index regardless of their size or sector, enabling the managers to find the best ...










Top 10 Mutual Funds - Find Top 10 Mutual Funds | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Mutual+Funds



Search for Top 10 Mutual Funds with 100's of Results at SearchAll.com!





Best Mutual Funds



Top 5 Mutual Funds



Top 10 Mutual Funds




Compare Mutual Funds



Best Performing Mutual Funds



No Load Mutual Funds





Special Situations Fund - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Special Situations Fund



Results for Special Situations Fund. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info




Searches related tospecial situation fund



fidelity global special situations fund


fidelity special situations fund


special situations investing


apollo special situations fund



special situations group


fidelity china special situations fund


mckinsey special situations fund


value line special situations fund




12345Next






Answers







Special situation



of special situations, a hedge fund manager must identify an upcoming event that will increase or decrease the value of the company's equity and...

more






Anthony Bolton



Anthony Bolton (born 7 March 1950) is one of the UK's best known investment fund managers and most successful investors, having managed the Fidelity...

more






KPS Capital Partners



KPS Capital Partners is an American investment company that manages KPS Special Situation Funds that in turn controls private equity limited funds. As...

more










special situation fund News






In our special situation, hail the metaphors



Bangkokpost.com : Opinion

 - Jul 22


We can still speak, preferably in English, or even better in metaphors. The dilemma is painful: We speak in coded words and we risk being irrelevant, obscure, snobbish; but if we say it too...

more





State Committee Formed to Look at Funding Situation for Modot



KREI 800 - Farmington MO Front Page

 - Jul 25


(Jefferson City) The Missouri legislature has formed a task force dealing with the Missouri Department of Revenue. Brian Okenfuss is an area engineer with Modot. He says it all revolves around...

more





SSG Capital to raise $2 billion for special situations, private...



Live Mint

 - Jul 24


SSG Capital was reported to be in talks with Essar Steel, identified by the RBI for insolvency proceedings, to buy close to half the company’s rupee debt. Mumbai: SSG Capital Management, the...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








