


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights










































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.36%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Thu Jul 27 09:33:39 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 









 
























Mutual Funds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 












































Closex
 



















































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.89					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/26/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Quarterly Statistical Update for the American Funds 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.









































































































































Investments | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 












































































 
























Products | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 












































Closex
 


















 
























The Capital Advantage | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.










































Closex
 


































CF Woodford Equity Income Fund - Woodford Investment Management Ltd


































































 

























































Register



Login








Email Address



Password



Lost Password
















 
















 














CF Woodford Equity  Income Fund

Important Information
We want to make investing with us simple and straightforward for all of our clients.
 Please select your investor type from the options below.
Alternatively you can register or log in to an existing account.



Please select
Professional Investor
Institutional Investor
Private Investor


					Investor type*				







Please note that by making your selection here you are agreeing to the Woodford Investment Management Ltd Privacy Statement and to our Terms and Conditions.






Home > Funds > CF Woodford Equity Income Fund 















A unique investment proposition

The original Woodford fund, completely focused on delivering attractive long-term returns for investors through investment in quality companies that can deliver sustainable dividend growth
Investors expect a positive return and that is what we aim to deliver over the long term – protecting capital is key
We aim to offer investors capital growth and a growing income stream, paid quarterly
We focus on the long term – we don’t know what will happen tomorrow but we do know what drives markets over time

An investment team that shares a single goal

The fund is managed by Neil Woodford, an outstanding fund manager for more than 25 years who has consistently delivered outstanding long-term performance to investors
Neil is supported by a dedicated team that shares his approach and commitment to the goal of exceptional long-term performance for our clients
Three experienced fund managers work with Neil – each with a different skill set for depth of cross-market coverage
Three specialist analysts support the fund managers, providing them with valuable analysis and support on specific investment opportunities

A proven and distinctive approach

The ‘Woodford philosophy’ – a consistent and proven approach to investment that has delivered outstanding long-term performance for investors
We only invest when there is a compelling long-term opportunity – we will not invest in stocks just to make the fund look more like the index
We buy stakes in businesses and help them to fulfill their potential and deliver shareholder value. In this way, believe we can beat the market over the long term
We believe we can beat the market over the long term

Why invest with us now?

We believe genuinely active fund management adds value for investors
This is never more true than in challenging economic conditions
Neil’s track record is testimony to his ability to make the right decisions when conditions are tricky – we believe now will ultimately prove to be another of those times

Who might the fund be suitable for?

A wide variety of UK adult investors able to invest a lump sum or make regular payments
Self-directed investors capable of evaluating the risks and merits of the fund
Advised investors with varied levels of interest, knowledge, confidence and experience
Investing for income or total return but clear that a healthy, sustainable level of income is a priority of the fund managers
Comfortable that the value of investments in the fund can go down as well as up, that capital may be at risk and that performance varies over time and returns are not guaranteed

Who is this fund not suitable for?

Any investor who does not have sufficient resources to bear any loss resulting from the investment
Investors who are not prepared to take any risk with their money or put their capital at risk
Self-directed investors who are not able to evaluate the risks and merits of the fund
Any investor looking for guaranteed income or total return
Investors who are not prepared to accept short-term volatility as there will be periods when the fund falls in value

Interested in offshore access?
The Woodford Equity Income Feeder Fund is now available to provide offshore access to the original Woodford fund.





Quick links

Fund facts
Daily prices
Monthly fund updates

Downloads

Fund flyer
Prospectus






Who might this fund be suitable for?

A wide variety of UK adult investors able to invest a lump sum or make regular payments
Self-directed investors capable of evaluating the risks and merits of the fund
Advised investors with varied levels of interest, knowledge, confidence and experience
Investors looking for long-term investment growth and with a minimum investment horizon of 3-5 years (and comfortable that although the funds can be withdrawn at any time, ‘instant access’ could mean having to withdraw at a time which is not optimal from a market / fund performance perspective)
Comfortable that the value of investments in the fund can go down as well as up, that capital may be at risk and that performance varies over time and returns are not guaranteed.
Investing for income or total return but clear that a healthy, sustainable level of income is a priority of the fund managers






Who is the fund not suitable for?

Any investor who does not have sufficient resources to bear any loss resulting from the investment
Investors who are not prepared to take any risk with their money or put their capital at risk
Self-directed investors who are not able to evaluate the risks and merits of the fund
Any investor looking for guaranteed income or total return
Investors who are not prepared to accept short-term volatility as there will be periods when the fund falls in value
Investors who do not wish to be exposed to unquoted securities.
Investors who may be looking to withdraw their money in the shorter term (e.g. have an investment horizon of less than 3-5 years).



 


Fund facts


 


Fees


 


Fund prices


 


Portfolio Holdings


 


Performance contribution


 


Income history









Check for updates















By using this website you are automatically agreeing to the Woodford Investment Management Ltd privacy statement












Home
Us

Overview
Team
Careers
Contact us
Stewardship code
Modern slavery statement


Funds

The range
Income Focus Fund
Equity Income Fund
Patient Capital Trust
Equity Income Feeder Fund


Words

Blogs and insights


Investing

How to invest
Platforms
Downloads
Glossary


 














































Funds - Woodford Investment Management Ltd


























































 

























































Register



Login








Email Address



Password



Lost Password
















 
















 























Funds

Important Information
We want to make investing with us simple and straightforward for all of our clients.
 Please select your investor type from the options below.
Alternatively you can register or log in to an existing account.



Please select
Professional Investor
Institutional Investor
Private Investor


					Investor type*				







Please note that by making your selection here you are agreeing to the Woodford Investment Management Ltd Privacy Statement and to our Terms and Conditions.






Home > Funds 















At Woodford, it is very important to us that investors understand their investments and how they are being managed. We are keen to ensure the right people are invested in the right funds for the right reasons and can continually make informed investment decisions based on what’s right for them.
We offer investors a choice of three funds – all offering access to the investment expertise of Neil Woodford, one of the most respected fund managers of his generation. See the key differences between the three funds.
The CF Woodford Income Focus Fund is our newest fund. It has been developed to meet the demand from our investors for a fund offering a higher level of regular and sustainable income, with no compromise on quality
The CF Woodford Equity Income Fund is the original Woodford fund. It sits in the Investment Association (IA) UK Equity Income sector, aiming to offer investors capital growth and a growing income stream, paid quarterly. In line with our culture of simplicity, transparency and innovation, the fund has a clean and clear pricing structure. The Woodford Equity Income Feeder Fund provides offshore access to this fund.
The Woodford Patient Capital Trust is our innovative second fund – an investment trust, offering exposure to a mix of exciting, disruptive early-stage companies, together with some of Woodford’s high conviction mid and large capitalisation ideas. It aims to identify the best, untapped growth opportunities and deliver exceptional long-term returns. An innovative fee structure aligns manager and investor and reflects our conviction in this uniquely attractive investment opportunity.





This short film explains the key differences between the three funds







Find out more 


Income Focus Fund


 


Equity Income Fund


 


Patient Capital Trust


 


Equity Income Feeder Fund









Check for updates















By using this website you are automatically agreeing to the Woodford Investment Management Ltd privacy statement












Home
Us

Overview
Team
Careers
Contact us
Stewardship code
Modern slavery statement


Funds

The range
Income Focus Fund
Equity Income Fund
Patient Capital Trust
Equity Income Feeder Fund


Words

Blogs and insights


Investing

How to invest
Platforms
Downloads
Glossary


 


























































CF Woodford Equity Income | Woodford Investment Management Ltd | Fund factsheets | FE Trustnet


















 

















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table











Home

»


Woodford Investment Management Ltd

»

CF Woodford Equity Income



CF Woodford Equity Income






Change Share Class?


CF Woodford Equity Income C Acc GBP

CF Woodford Equity Income A Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income A Inc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income C Inc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income F Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income X Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income X Inc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income Z Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income Z Inc GBP



Select Performance Currency


Pound Sterling

Fund's Currency









Buy Fund
Add to Basket 
Factsheet PDF 
Group Factsheet
Classic Factsheet





More





 Close
Key Information


What is the Fund’s objective?
How has this fund performed?
What is Woodford Investment Management Ltd saying about this fund?
Ratios and analysis
Prices
What does this fund invest in?
News and research about this fund
Contact Details




Options
Show group factsheets
Download factsheet PDF









Next steps
Buy this fund via Trustnet Direct
Add to Basket
Follow this fund on









Fund Centre
Performance
Dividends
Breakdown
Life & Pension Mirrors

                    History
Research & Insight












            What is the Fund’s objective?


        To provide a reasonable level of income together with capital growth. This will be achieved by investing primarily in UK listed companies.
    




How does FE rate this fund?







                        Neil Woodford


















Learn more about ratings 
Compare funds using ratings







Who manages this fund?









 Neil Woodford

 Since 02-Jun-2014

                            Neil began his career with the Dominion Insurance Company having graduated with a degree in Economics and Agricultural...

                                    Primary manager





Show all

Learn more about fund managers
Compare fund managers







Literature & Downloads




Provider's own Factsheet
Key Investor Information Document
Prospectus
Manager's Report - Final
Manager's Report - Interim
(SID) Supplementary Information Document




News and research related to this fund







Close X


                Current Managers:






 Neil Woodford


Since 02-Jun-2014

                            Neil began his career with the Dominion Insurance Company having graduated with a degree in Economics and Agricultural Economics from the University of Exeter in 1981....

                                    Primary manager

View manager factsheet



                Previous Managers:

There is no previous managers for this fund











                        How has this fund performed?





Cumulative Performance chart










                                        3 Months

                                        6 Months

                                        1 Year

                                        3 Years

                                       Since Launch





Cumulative Performance as at 26/07/2017



                                     
                                

                                     
                                

                                    3m
                                

                                    6m
                                

                                    1yr
                                

                                    3yrs
                                

                                    5yrs
                                






CF Woodford Equity Income C Acc GBP


                                    +1.3
                                

                                   +8.1
                                

                                    +8.7
                                

                                   +37.4
                                

                                   n/a
                                






IA UK Equity Income


                                    +2.1
                                

                                   +8.0
                                

                                    +13.7
                                

                                   +26.2
                                

                                   +73.5
                                






Top performing funds


Create a custom chart of this fund's performance






Discrete Performance chart












 



                                     
                                

                                     
                                

                                    0- 12m
                                

                                    12m- 24m
                                

                                    24m- 36m
                                

                                    36m- 48m
                                

                                    48m- 60m
                                






CF Woodford Equity Income C Acc GBP


                                     +8.7
                                

                                   +4.3
                                

                                     +21.3
                                

                                      n/a
                                

                                     n/a
                                






IA UK Equity Income


                                     +13.7
                                

                                   +3.4
                                

                                     +7.3
                                

                                      +8.9
                                

                                     +26.3
                                






Check how your portfolios are currently performing


More performance charts















                       What is Woodford Investment Management Ltd saying?






ADVERTISEMENT












Forensic News Alerts




Forensic News Alerts





Get Fundswire alerts emailed to you











Ratios and Analysis


How does this fund compare against other funds in IA UK Equity Income?


Quartile Ranking





                                     
                                

                                     
                                

                                    1y
                                

                                    3y
                                



?


                                    Position
                                

                                    74 / 83
                                

                                    4 / 78
                                



?


                                    Quartile
                                

                                   4
                                

                                     1
                                



Ranking is for the main unit within the sector
View other funds in this sector


Other Rating




Morningstar AnalystRating










                            Ratio Info





                                     
                                

                                     
                                

                                    1y
                                

                                    3y
                                



?


                                    Volatility
                                

                                   8.99
                                

                                    9.28
                                



?


                                    Alpha
                                

                                      -1.93
                                

                                    3.90
                                



?


                                    Beta
                                

                                      0.95
                                

                                     0.96
                                



?


                                    Sharpe
                                

                               1.39
                                

                                   0.87
                                



?


                                    Info Ratio
                                

                                    -0.60
                                

                                     0.79
                                



?


                                    R2


                                    0.73
                                

                                    0.78
                                



?
                                    Quartiles:1
2
3

                                            4








                            Risk Score



                            FE Risk scores allow you to see how risky a fund is in comparison with the FTSE
                            100.




                                This fund:
                            

82




                                FTSE 100:
                            

100




                                Cash:
                            

0





Learn about FE Risk Scores






                            Investment Details





Charges 




                                    Initial
                                

                                    0.00%
                                



                                   Annual
                                

                                    0.75%
                                



?


                                    OCF
                                

                                     0.75%
                                



?


                                    Performance Fee
                                

                                0% 
                                  
                                 





                                    Minimum Investment?




                                    Initial
                                

                                    £ 50,000,000
                                



                                    Additional
                                

                                    n/a
                                















Prices





                                     
                                

                                    Unit type
                                

                                    Currency
                                

                                    Bid
                                

                                    Offer
                                

                                    Date
                                

                                    Yield
                                

                                    Citicode
                                

                                    SEDOL
                                

                                    ISIN
                                



                                    CF Woodford Equity Income C Acc GBP
                                

                                    ACC
                                

                                    GBX
                                

                                    136.95
                                

                                    26 Jul 2017
                                

                                    2.92
                                

                                    KEBC
                                

                                    BLRZQ73
                                

                                    GB00BLRZQ737
                                




Change the share class at the top of the page to see details of other share classes for this fund.









                        What does this fund invest in?




Asset Class Breakdown (30 Jun 2017)  






                                        Rank
                                    



                                        Asset 
                                    

                                        %  
                                    

                                         
                                    



                                        1
                                    




                                        United Kingdom Equity
                                    

                                        85.06
                                    







                                        2
                                    




                                        United States Equity
                                    

                                        11.81
                                    



                                        3
                                    




                                        Norway Equity
                                    

                                        1.39
                                    



                                        4
                                    




                                        Ireland Equity
                                    

                                        1.32
                                    



                                        5
                                    




                                        Luxembourg Equity
                                    

                                        0.23
                                    



                                        6
                                    




                                        Switzerland Equity
                                    

                                        0.19
                                    



                                        7
                                    




                                        Cash
                                    

                                        0.00
                                    






















View Region and Sector breakdowns for this fund






Top Holdings (30 Jun 2017)






                                    Rank
                                

                                    Largest Holdings
                                

                                    %  
                                



                                    1
                                

ASTRAZENECA


                                    8.86
                                



                                    2
                                

IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC


                                    6.34
                                



                                    3
                                

L&G. GRP.


                                    5.67
                                



                                    4
                                

PROVIDENT FINL.


                                    4.65
                                



                                    5
                                

ABBVIE


                                    3.64
                                



                                    6
                                

PROTHENA


                                    3.18
                                



                                    7
                                

CAPITA


                                    2.69
                                



                                    8
                                

LLOYDS BANKING GRP.


                                    2.65
                                



                                    9
                                

THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA


                                    2.41
                                



                                    10
                                

PURPLEBRICKS GRP.


                                    2.18
                                




More History













                        Additional Information




Additional Information






Legal Structure:


                                       OEIC
                                    



Own ISA wrapper:


                                        YES
                                          
                                            






Trustee / Depositary:


                                        Northern Trust Global Services Limited
                                    



Registrar:


                                        Northern Trust Global Services Limited
                                    



Multi-Manager:


                                       NO
                                    







Dividend policy:


 Mar 31 (Interim), Jun 30 (Final), Sep 30 (Interim), Dec 31 (Interim)




Fund size:


                                        £10,011.3m / $13,061.7m (26-Jul-17)
                                    



Unit Launch:


                                        02-Jun-2014
                                    



Fund Launch:


                                        02-Jun-2014
                                    







Savings plan:


                                        NO
                                    



Pricing times:


                                       12:00 Daily
                                    



Dealing times:


                                         Mon-Fri 09:00 to 17:00
                                    



Dealing frequency:


                                       Daily
                                    









Other users also looked at










Related Funds




Funds with the same manager (Neil Woodford)
Funds in this Sector (IA UK Equity Income)
Funds in the same Region (United Kingdom)
Funds in the same Asset Class (Equity)














                        News and Research about this fund




Relevant articles





View all articles





Relevant Guides















Contact Details




 9400 Garsington Rd, Oxford, United Kingdom, OX4 2HN
                               


www.woodfordfunds.com

info@woodfordfunds.com



0333 300 0381 (Main Number)














Close X


                Historical FE Risk Score:




  CF Woodford Equity Income C Acc GBP

  FE
                Risk Score 82.00


Learn more about FE Risk Scores
View all FE Risk Scores







            
        All prices in Pence Sterling (GBX) unless otherwise specified. Price total return performance figures are calculated on a bid price to bid price basis (mid to mid for OEICs) with net income (dividends) reinvested. Performance figures are shown in Pound Sterling (GBP). You can switch the fund’s native currency using the currency selector towards the top of this page.
               
            





        Your custom layout changed and saved automatically

        Drag and drop the icon to customise your factsheet
        layout


Close X


                Email Friend:



                        Email Address:



                        Comment:



                         

                            Ok

                                Cancel





CLOSE


You are being transferred to Trustnet Direct, which is run by Financial Express Investments Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority), where you will be able to complete this transaction. Trustnet Direct is an execution-only service and does not provide advice on the suitability of investments. You should seek independent financial advice if you are unsure.
Proceed to Trustnet Direct








Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com






























Woodford Investment Management Profile | FE Trustnet

















 



















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table














				Toolset

Portfolio
Multi-plotcharting
Fund ratings 
Top quartiles
Sector  performance
Indices
FE Adviser
					                fund index
WhiteLabel
					                factsheets
KIIDs 
					            download
Exchange
					                rates



















Fund Performance

IA Unit Trusts & OEICsEquity Price & PerformanceInvestment TrustsPension FundsLife FundsOffshore FundsETFsVenture Capital Trusts
















	                    You are here: 
				        

FE Trustnet


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs


Group Factsheet











Investments


Group factsheet / Woodford Investment Management Ltd

Woodford Investment Management Ltd









 RSS Feed





Group overview
Group Performance




























2 Funds Managed


RankFundFocus 

1CF Woodford Equity IncomeEquity

2CF Woodford Income FocusEquity














 








						Group details
					

						Fund types managed
					


 

						Woodford Investment Management Ltd
						9400 Garsington Rd,Oxford, United Kingdom, OX4 2HN
						0333 300 0381 (Main Number)
www.woodfordfunds.com
info@woodfordfunds.com





 IA Unit Trusts & OEICs




 Unit Trusts & OEICs
											

























Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 














                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our 
                    Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com
            
        







































CF Woodford Equity Income history | Woodford Investment Management Ltd | Fund factsheets | FE Trustnet


















 

















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table











Home

»


Woodford Investment Management Ltd

»

CF Woodford Equity Income



CF Woodford Equity Income






Change Share Class?


CF Woodford Equity Income C Acc GBP

CF Woodford Equity Income A Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income A Inc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income C Inc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income F Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income X Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income X Inc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income Z Acc GBP
CF Woodford Equity Income Z Inc GBP



Select Performance Currency


Pound Sterling

Fund's Currency









Buy Fund
Add to Basket 
Factsheet PDF 
Group Factsheet
Classic Factsheet





More





 Close
Key Information


What is the Fund’s objective?
How has this fund performed?
What is Woodford Investment Management Ltd saying about this fund?
Ratios and analysis
Prices
What does this fund invest in?
News and research about this fund
Contact Details




Options
Show group factsheets
Download factsheet PDF









Next steps
Buy this fund via Trustnet Direct
Add to Basket
Follow this fund on









Fund Centre
Performance
Dividends
Breakdown
Life & Pension Mirrors

                    History
Research & Insight






                        30 Jun 2017





                                Largest Holdings
                            

                                %
                            






                               ASTRAZENECA PLC
                            

                                8.86
                            



                               IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
                            

                                6.34
                            



                               LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP
                            

                                5.67
                            



                               PROVIDENT FINANCIAL
                            

                                4.65
                            



                               ABBVIE INC
                            

                                3.64
                            



                               PROTHENA CORP PLC
                            

                                3.18
                            



                               CAPITA PLC
                            

                                2.69
                            



                               LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC
                            

                                2.65
                            



                               THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC
                            

                                2.41
                            



                               PURPLEBRICKS GROUP PLC
                            

                                2.18
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    42.25
                                








                                Regions
                            

                                %
                            






                                UK
                            

                               85.06
                            



                                USA
                            

                               11.81
                            



                                Norway
                            

                               1.39
                            



                                Ireland
                            

                               1.32
                            



                                Luxembourg
                            

                               0.23
                            



                                Switzerland
                            

                               0.19
                            



                                Money Market
                            

                               0.00
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                                Sectors
                            

                                %
                            






                                 Financials
                            

                                33.65
                            



                                 Health Care
                            

                                29.64
                            



                                 Industrials
                            

                                17.46
                            



                                 Consumer Goods
                            

                                10.58
                            



                                 Consumer Services
                            

                                4.71
                            



                                 Technology
                            

                                2.26
                            



                                 Utilities
                            

                                1.07
                            



                                 Telecommunications
                            

                                0.59
                            



                                 Basic Materials
                            

                                0.03
                            



                                 Money Market
                            

                                0.00
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                        31 May 2017





                                Largest Holdings
                            

                                %
                            






                               ASTRAZENECA PLC
                            

                                8.95
                            



                               IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
                            

                                6.52
                            



                               LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP
                            

                                5.48
                            



                               PROVIDENT FINANCIAL
                            

                                5.43
                            



                               BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO
                            

                                3.78
                            



                               ABBVIE INC
                            

                                3.33
                            



                               PROTHENA CORP PLC
                            

                                2.95
                            



                               CAPITA PLC
                            

                                2.29
                            



                               THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC
                            

                                2.21
                            



                               LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC
                            

                                2.20
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    43.15
                                








                                Regions
                            

                                %
                            






                                UK
                            

                               86.66
                            



                                USA
                            

                               11.97
                            



                                Norway
                            

                               1.38
                            



                                Ireland
                            

                               0.44
                            



                                Luxembourg
                            

                               0.23
                            



                                Switzerland
                            

                               0.19
                            



                                Money Market
                            

                               -0.87
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                                Sectors
                            

                                %
                            






                                 Financials
                            

                                31.59
                            



                                 Health Care
                            

                                30.06
                            



                                 Industrials
                            

                                16.86
                            



                                 Consumer Goods
                            

                                13.92
                            



                                 Consumer Services
                            

                                4.87
                            



                                 Technology
                            

                                1.92
                            



                                 Utilities
                            

                                0.99
                            



                                 Telecommunications
                            

                                0.62
                            



                                 Basic Materials
                            

                                0.04
                            



                                 Money Market
                            

                                -0.87
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                        30 Apr 2017





                                Largest Holdings
                            

                                %
                            






                               ASTRAZENECA PLC
                            

                                8.06
                            



                               IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
                            

                                7.30
                            



                               PROVIDENT FINANCIAL
                            

                                5.67
                            



                               LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP
                            

                                5.58
                            



                               BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO
                            

                                5.53
                            



                               ABBVIE INC
                            

                                3.34
                            



                               PROTHENA CORP PLC
                            

                                3.15
                            



                               THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC
                            

                                2.48
                            



                               CAPITA PLC
                            

                                2.19
                            



                               BENEVOLENT AI (UNQUOTED)
                            

                                2.11
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    45.41
                                








                                Regions
                            

                                %
                            






                                UK
                            

                               85.79
                            



                                USA
                            

                               11.64
                            



                                Norway
                            

                               1.42
                            



                                Ireland
                            

                               1.06
                            



                                Luxembourg
                            

                               0.22
                            



                                Switzerland
                            

                               0.18
                            



                                Money Market
                            

                               -0.31
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                                Sectors
                            

                                %
                            






                                 Financials
                            

                                31.37
                            



                                 Health Care
                            

                                28.89
                            



                                 Industrials
                            

                                16.71
                            



                                 Consumer Goods
                            

                                15.34
                            



                                 Technology
                            

                                3.84
                            



                                 Consumer Services
                            

                                2.67
                            



                                 Utilities
                            

                                0.93
                            



                                 Telecommunications
                            

                                0.52
                            



                                 Basic Materials
                            

                                0.04
                            



                                 Money Market
                            

                                -0.31
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                        31 Mar 2017





                                Largest Holdings
                            

                                %
                            






                               ASTRAZENECA PLC
                            

                                8.53
                            



                               IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
                            

                                7.54
                            



                               BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO
                            

                                6.69
                            



                               GLAXOSMITHKLINE
                            

                                6.41
                            



                               LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP
                            

                                5.26
                            



                               PROVIDENT FINANCIAL
                            

                                5.09
                            



                               PROTHENA CORP PLC
                            

                                3.36
                            



                               ABBVIE INC
                            

                                3.16
                            



                               THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC
                            

                                2.36
                            



                               CAPITA PLC
                            

                                2.31
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    50.71
                                








                                Regions
                            

                                %
                            






                                UK
                            

                               86.00
                            



                                USA
                            

                               11.49
                            



                                Norway
                            

                               1.27
                            



                                Ireland
                            

                               1.11
                            



                                Luxembourg
                            

                               0.23
                            



                                Switzerland
                            

                               0.19
                            



                                Money Market
                            

                               -0.29
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                                Sectors
                            

                                %
                            






                                 Health Care
                            

                                35.38
                            



                                 Financials
                            

                                28.13
                            



                                 Consumer Goods
                            

                                15.35
                            



                                 Industrials
                            

                                14.32
                            



                                 Technology
                            

                                3.45
                            



                                 Consumer Services
                            

                                2.33
                            



                                 Utilities
                            

                                0.90
                            



                                 Telecommunications
                            

                                0.39
                            



                                 Basic Materials
                            

                                0.04
                            



                                 Money Market
                            

                                -0.29
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                        28 Feb 2017





                                Largest Holdings
                            

                                %
                            






                               ASTRAZENECA PLC
                            

                                8.59
                            



                               GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC
                            

                                7.89
                            



                               IMPERIAL TOBACCO GROUP PLC
                            

                                7.72
                            



                               BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC
                            

                                6.49
                            



                               LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP PLC
                            

                                5.38
                            



                               PROVIDENT FINANCIAL
                            

                                4.92
                            



                               PROTHENA CORP PLC
                            

                                3.33
                            



                               CAPITA PLC
                            

                                3.17
                            



                               ABBVIE INC
                            

                                2.35
                            



                               BENEVOLENT AI (UNQUOTED)
                            

                                2.17
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    52.01
                                








                                Regions
                            

                                %
                            






                                UK
                            

                               85.97
                            



                                USA
                            

                               11.24
                            



                                Norway
                            

                               1.28
                            



                                Ireland
                            

                               1.08
                            



                                Luxembourg
                            

                               0.24
                            



                                Switzerland
                            

                               0.19
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                                Sectors
                            

                                %
                            






                                 Health Care
                            

                                36.85
                            



                                 Financials
                            

                                28.33
                            



                                 Consumer Goods
                            

                                14.38
                            



                                 Industrials
                            

                                14.01
                            



                                 Technology
                            

                                3.26
                            



                                 Consumer Services
                            

                                1.91
                            



                                 Utilities
                            

                                0.99
                            



                                 Telecommunications
                            

                                0.39
                            



                                 Basic Materials
                            

                                0.05
                            



                                 Money Market
                            

                                -0.17
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                        31 Jan 2017





                                Largest Holdings
                            

                                %
                            






                               ASTRAZENECA PLC
                            

                                7.99
                            



                               IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
                            

                                7.72
                            



                               GLAXOSMITHKLINE
                            

                                7.63
                            



                               BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO
                            

                                6.72
                            



                               LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP
                            

                                5.29
                            



                               PROVIDENT FINANCIAL
                            

                                4.89
                            



                               ABBVIE INC
                            

                                3.29
                            



                               PROTHENA CORP PLC
                            

                                2.85
                            



                               BENEVOLENT AI (UNQUOTED)
                            

                                2.26
                            



                               CAPITA PLC
                            

                                2.17
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    50.81
                                








                                Regions
                            

                                %
                            






                                UK
                            

                               86.12
                            



                                USA
                            

                               10.92
                            



                                Norway
                            

                               1.31
                            



                                Ireland
                            

                               1.23
                            



                                Luxembourg
                            

                               0.22
                            



                                Switzerland
                            

                               0.20
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








                                Sectors
                            

                                %
                            






                                 Health Care
                            

                                36.25
                            



                                 Financials
                            

                                28.10
                            



                                 Consumer Goods
                            

                                14.74
                            



                                 Industrials
                            

                                14.09
                            



                                 Technology
                            

                                3.35
                            



                                 Consumer Services
                            

                                2.01
                            



                                 Utilities
                            

                                1.06
                            



                                 Telecommunications
                            

                                0.41
                            



                                 Basic Materials
                            

                                0.06
                            



                                 Money Market
                            

                                -0.07
                            







                                    Total
                                

                                    100.00
                                








            
        All prices in Pence Sterling (GBX) unless otherwise specified. Price total return performance figures are calculated on a bid price to bid price basis (mid to mid for OEICs) with net income (dividends) reinvested. Performance figures are shown in Pound Sterling (GBP). You can switch the fund’s native currency using the currency selector towards the top of this page.
               
            





        Your custom layout changed and saved automatically

        Drag and drop the icon to customise your factsheet
        layout


Close X


                Email Friend:



                        Email Address:



                        Comment:



                         

                            Ok

                                Cancel





CLOSE


You are being transferred to Trustnet Direct, which is run by Financial Express Investments Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority), where you will be able to complete this transaction. Trustnet Direct is an execution-only service and does not provide advice on the suitability of investments. You should seek independent financial advice if you are unsure.
Proceed to Trustnet Direct








Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com






























Woodford Investment Management Profile | FE Trustnet

















 



















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table














				Toolset

Portfolio
Multi-plotcharting
Fund ratings 
Top quartiles
Sector  performance
Indices
FE Adviser
					                fund index
WhiteLabel
					                factsheets
KIIDs 
					            download
Exchange
					                rates



















Fund Performance

IA Unit Trusts & OEICsEquity Price & PerformanceInvestment TrustsPension FundsLife FundsOffshore FundsETFsVenture Capital Trusts
















	                    You are here: 
				        

FE Trustnet


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs


Group Factsheet











Investments


Group factsheet / Woodford Investment Management Ltd

Woodford Investment Management Ltd









 RSS Feed





Group overview
Group Performance




























2 Funds Managed


RankFundFocus 

1CF Woodford Equity IncomeEquity

2CF Woodford Income FocusEquity














 








						Group details
					

						Fund types managed
					


 

						Woodford Investment Management Ltd
						9400 Garsington Rd,Oxford, United Kingdom, OX4 2HN
						0333 300 0381 (Main Number)
www.woodfordfunds.com
info@woodfordfunds.com





 IA Unit Trusts & OEICs




 Unit Trusts & OEICs
											

























Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 














                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our 
                    Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com
            
        



























Woodford Investment Management - Expertise. Reinvented































































 

























































Register



Login








Email Address



Password



Lost Password
















 
















 























Behind  the curve

Important Information
We want to make investing with us simple and straightforward for all of our clients.
 Please select your investor type from the options below.
Alternatively you can register or log in to an existing account.



Please select
Professional Investor
Institutional Investor
Private Investor


					Investor type*				







Please note that by making your selection here you are agreeing to the Woodford Investment Management Ltd Privacy Statement and to our Terms and Conditions.


With UK inflation unexpectedly falling, David McWilliams looks at links between tech, productivity, wages. Why raise rates?
Read the article
 







 


A bit about Woodford


 


Funds









Check for updates















By using this website you are automatically agreeing to the Woodford Investment Management Ltd privacy statement












Home
Us

Overview
Team
Careers
Contact us
Stewardship code
Modern slavery statement


Funds

The range
Income Focus Fund
Equity Income Fund
Patient Capital Trust
Equity Income Feeder Fund


Words

Blogs and insights


Investing

How to invest
Platforms
Downloads
Glossary


 

































CommShare — CF Woodford Equity Income Fund


























Need help? Call Free 0808 1005045 (Mon-Fri 9am-5pm)







HomeProductsFund ResearchƒUNDSFOLIOOffers







HomeOur ServiceWhy Register?DiscountsBrochuresTestimonialsAbout UsGlossaryContact UsAbout Products





Please wait...










CF Woodford Equity Income Fund
The new CF Woodford Equity Income fund was the UK’s bestselling
  month after month since its launch last year.
The fund is still in its early days, but the initial signs are
  encouraging. Neil is still applying the same approach that made him
  famous and generated remarkable results for investors.
In the last 12 months the Woodford Equity Income Fund has grown by
  20.5% - more than any UK fund in the same sector. In that period the
  sector average was 9.5% and the FTSE All Share gained just 5% (as at
  29th October 2015).
But remember, past performance is not a guide to future
  returns.
The BBC calls Neil Woodford “The man who can’t stop making
  money”.
The fund he ran for 26 years turned £10,000 of investors’ money
  into £238,237. It's unlikely his new Equity Income Fund will deliver
  the same astonishing returns. Yet, Neil Woodford said his best
  investment decisions are ahead of him. Will you give him the chance to
  try?

Investment Options - Available for ISAs, ISA transfers and stand-alone investments
No Initial Charge
Annual Charge - All inclusive 1.22% p.a.
Anticipated yield 4% - not guaranteed



















Invest By Post
Please read the important documents below before you apply.
Then return completed forms, together with your cheque (if
  applicable) made payable to "Cofunds Ltd"
  using our freepost address:
RTAL-SCKA-KCEJCommShare Ltd16 Hatherley RoadSidcup
  KentDA14 4BG



Application Forms

CommShare Service Fee Agreement
ISA
ISA Transfer
ISA Transfer Authority
Investments Funds
Junior ISA




Important Documents
Please read the following documents before you apply.

CommShare Ltd Terms of Business

Woodford Investment Management Key Investor Information Documents (KIIDs):

CF Woodford Equity Income Fund Inc.
CF Woodford Equity Income Fund Acc.

Cofunds Platform Documents:

Cofunds Platform Key Information Document
Terms & Conditions of the Cofunds Platform
Key Features of the Cofunds Junior Investment ISA
Terms & Conditions of the Cofunds Junior Investment ISA



Charges
Woodford has lowered his new fund’s ongoing charge by not accepting
  investments direct and incorporating some of the administration costs
  into the annual management charge. Put simply this means you pay a
  total ongoing charge of 1.22% p.a. (including our fee and Cofunds’
  fee).


Company
Ongoing Charge (% p.a.)
Ongoing Charge (£ p.a. per £1,000)


Woodford
0.75%
£7.50


CommShare
0.24%
£2.40


Cofunds
0.23%
£2.30


Total Charge
1.22%
£12.20



There are no initial charges, additional fees or exit charges.


Fund Information


Fund name:
CF Woodford Equity Income Fund


Fund manager:
Neil Woodford


Investment objective:
To provide investors with long-term appreciation through investing in stocks primarily listed on the UK stock exchanges. We may invest up to 20% in international companies.


Authorised corporate director:
Capita Financial Managers Limited


Income objective:
10% higher than the FTSE All Share Index yield


Fund type:
UCITS (UK)


Fund benchmark:
FTSE All Share Index


IMA sector:
UK Equity Income


Anticipated yield:
4.0%


Fund currency:
GBP


Date launched:
2 June 2014


Price launched:
£1.00


Trading frequency:
Daily (midday pricing)


Income distributions:
Quarterly (XD March, June, September, December)


Available in an ISA?
Yes
























Terms of Business  |  
Terms of Website  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Copyright Notice  |  
Disclaimer





       CommShare doesn't give investment advice. If you're unsure about suitability,
       you should seek professional advice. Past performance of an investment is
       not a guide to future performance. The value of investments or income from
       them can go down as well as up. You might not get back the amount you invest.
       Current tax levels and reliefs will depend on your individual circumstances.
      











CommShare Ltd, 16 Hatherley Road, Sidcup, Kent, DA14 4BG
Tel: 020 8308 1308 | Fax: 020 8308 1304
email: info@commshare.com




CommShare Ltd is Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.











Special report: CF Woodford Equity Income




















































 






 






















Menu









Log in




Search



Register



New to Hargreaves Lansdown?
Register to receive daily market updates and other email updates »
Open a low cost dealing account online in less than 5 minutes »


Already a Hargreaves Lansdown client?
Register for online access to your account »




My watchlists
Help
Contact us






Search website







 




 


 




Home

»


                                        Newsroom                                    

»


                                        Articles                                    

»

                                Special report: CF Woodford Equity Income                            









In this section



                                    Articles                                



                                    Investment Times                                






Archived article
Tax, investments and pension rules can change over time so the information below may not be current. This article was correct at the time of publishing, however, it may no longer reflect our views on this topic. Hargreaves Lansdown Financial Advisers no longer offer independent financial advice, however they are able to offer restricted financial advice if you're unsure of the suitability of an investment for your circumstances.


Special report: CF Woodford Equity Income






Heather Ferguson | 



 

13 December 2016 | 
A
A A

















No news or research item is a personal recommendation to deal. All investments can fall as well as rise in value so you could get back less than you invest.


Getting under the bonnet of a fund to work out what drives its performance is one of the things we do best at Hargreaves Lansdown. Four members of the research team recently met Neil Woodford and his team for an update on the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund. A summary of our findings from the day along with detailed analytics of performance are given in this report.
What does the fund do?
Neil Woodford aims to generate a high single-digit annual total return (both capital and income) for long-term investors. 
In simple terms, this means he aims to ensure investors enjoy an increase in the value of their investment alongside an income payment, which they can choose to spend or reinvest. When the fund launched, he committed to paying a 4p per unit dividend in its first year, which equated to a 4% yield on the £1 launch price. He achieved this and now aims to grow the income over time, although please remember yields are variable and not a reliable indicator of future income. 


No recommendation
No news or research item is a personal recommendation to deal. All investments can fall as well as rise in value so you could get back less than you invest.

How to invest in the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund
CF Woodford Equity Income Fund KIID
Income
We would generally expect equity income funds to deliver a large portion of their total return in the form of income. While the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund has paid decent dividends to investors, strong capital growth has accounted for the majority of returns since launch.
To form part of the Investment Association’s UK Equity Income sector, a fund needs to meet certain criteria – the most important one being to deliver an average yield of at least 110% of the FTSE All Share’s yield over three years. The fund’s sizeable exposure to small, lower-yielding companies caused the fund’s yield to fall short in its first financial year, and given that Neil Woodford does not intend on changing his approach we expect the fund will ultimately fall out of the sector. We don’t view this as a problem and indeed other high profile equity income funds have also done so in recent years.
Performance 
Although  Neil Woodford’s style of investing has been out of favour in the past year, the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund has performed strongly since its launch in June 2014. The fund has delivered a total return of 25.4% with dividends reinvested, compared with 10%* for the FTSE All Share Index, although this is over a short time period.
This means an investment of £10,000 at launch would have grown to £12,539 with income reinvested, or £11,740 if the £760* income was taken. Remember past performance is not a guide to future returns. Like all stock market investments the fund can fall as well as rise in value so you could get back less than you invest.
CF Woodford Equity Income performance since launch

Past performance is not a guide to future returns
*Source: Lipper IM, to 30 November 2016





Nov 11 - Nov 12
Nov 12 - Nov 13
Nov 13 - Nov 14
Nov 14 - Nov 15
Nov 15 - Nov 16
 

CF Woodford Equity Incomen/a*n/a*n/a*17.41%-0.88%

FTSE All-Share TR12.14%19.8%4.71%0.64%9.77%

IA UK Equity Income Chain-Linked index14.37%23.62%5.08%5.76%4.55%  
Past performance is not a guide to future returns
Source: Lipper IM, to 30 November 2016
*Full year performance figures before this date not available
Neil Woodford has delivered these impressive returns while sheltering the portfolio from the worst of stock market falls along the way. Since launch, the biggest peak to trough fall in price an investor would have experienced is 6.5%, compared with a fall of 11.1% for the FTSE All Share Index. 

Our quantitative analysis tools allow us to determine exactly which aspects of the portfolio aided performance and which detracted. In terms of performance, we look at the portfolio in two ways: the size of company the manager has chosen to invest in, and which sectors they favour or avoid. The manager has added value in both of these areas.
How is the fund invested?
Neil Woodford looks to invest in companies he feels have been undervalued by other investors. Our research shows his long track record of success can be attributed to his high conviction approach.
At times this can lead to a heavy bias to certain areas of the stock market. For example he currently favours the healthcare, tobacco and alternative financials sectors and has increased the fund’s exposure to higher-risk small and unquoted companies. The smaller company exposure is predominantly focused on the healthcare and financial technology sectors. The manager favours these areas as it is where he is currently finding the best value. 
We view how a fund is invested in two ways: the size of company the manager favours and the sectors his selected companies operate in.
Sector positioning
Almost half the fund is currently invested in the pharmaceutical and consumer goods (predominantly tobacco) sectors. In part, this reflects Neil Woodford’s cautious outlook for the global economy. Both sectors benefit from a relatively stable demand for their products so he expects them to be able to grow their earnings and dividends, even in a challenging economic environment. 
However, Neil Woodford’s positivity on these areas extends beyond his views on the wider economy. The pharmaceutical sector remains significantly undervalued and investors continue to underappreciate the progress companies are making with their drug pipelines, in his view. 
Meanwhile, the tobacco sector is dominated by a small number of key players with little or no threat of new entrants.  Global consumption of tobacco continues to increase as the world’s population grows and companies in the sector enjoy substantial pricing power. 
Many other areas of the stock market share the same defensive characteristics of healthcare or tobacco; however, the manager feels investors have ascribed a greater value to their dependable characteristics than is justified. 
Elsewhere, the manager has around 25% of the fund invested in financial companies. This is a similar level to the FTSE All Share Index; however, unlike the benchmark, the fund’s financial exposure is to financial technology and alternative financials, as Neil Woodford doesn’t currently invest in the big banks.
How to invest in the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund
CF Woodford Equity Income Fund KIID
How have these sector biases affected performance? 
The consumer goods sector has performed well since the fund’s launch and Neil Woodford’s decision to invest more than the index weight in this area has aided returns. Meanwhile the financial sector has generally underperformed the wider UK stock market, as banks’ share prices have struggled. However, Neil Woodford’s strong stock selection among challenger banks and financial technology companies boosted the fund’s performance. His bias towards healthcare companies has also been positive for performance as the sector has performed better than other areas of the stock market since the fund’s launch. Please note past performance is not a guide to the future.
How sector biases have contributed to performance

Past performance is not a guide to future returns
Source: Hargreaves Lansdown, Jun 14 – Nov 16. The lines on the above graph demonstrate how investments in each sector contributed to the fund’s total performance. The total of all the lines equal the fund’s performance.
Company size positioning  

While most equity income funds are invested predominantly in large high-yielding companies, only around 50% of the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund is invested in this area. The remainder of the fund is invested in small and medium-sized companies, or those not listed on the stock market.
The UK is one of the world’s leading science centres. However, due to significant underinvestment in small enterprises the UK has consistently failed to monetise this scientific knowledge. These businesses need patient investors who give entrepreneurs time to bring their ideas to fruition, which in Neil Woodford’s view are few and far between. The lack of investors among smaller innovative companies leaves him with a wealth of investment opportunities, which are largely undervalued.
The proportion of smaller and unquoted companies has therefore grown over the past two years at the expense of their larger listed counterparts. The portion of the fund invested in unquoted companies is not permitted to exceed 10% but the breadth of opportunities the manager has identified among smaller companies are in excess of what we anticipated before the fund’s launch. This will make it more difficult for him to generate a growing income in the short term as these businesses often yield very little in their early stages.
Neil Woodford and his supporting fund managers have a wealth of experience in this area and use trusted partners to help identify the most attractive opportunities. This includes companies such as Allied Minds (in the US) and Imperial Innovations (in the UK), which are investments in their own right within the fund. These businesses work alongside universities to commercialise their research, the most successful of which are spun off as separate businesses, in which Neil Woodford can then invest. 
He has bolstered his team with an additional five people to strengthen their abilities in this area. They focus on businesses that have developed disruptive technology, such as peer to peer lending in the financial sector, or a new therapy / drug in the healthcare sector, that have a clear market for their products. However, any investment in an unquoted company typically starts off small and grows as their confidence in the management develops. 
How to invest in the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund
CF Woodford Equity Income Fund KIID
How have these size biases affected performance? 
The fund has a significant bias to smaller companies relative to the FTSE All Share Index which adds risk, and also has more invested in medium-sized companies than the index. A large portion of his smaller company investments are unquoted. Large companies account for around 80% of the FTSE All Share Index but only 50% of the Woodford fund.
The fund’s small and medium-sized company holdings often have a low (or zero) dividend yield, whereas Woodford’s investments in larger companies tend to favour those that pay a higher income. This creates a ‘barbell’ approach of income-producing larger companies and smaller companies with greater growth potential. 
Our analysis splits a fund’s holdings into six categories based on size and yield – higher and lower yielding small, medium and large companies. We can see where a fund’s returns have come from and assess whether the manager’s stock selection has added value in each area.
Since launch, the higher-yielding larger companies (39% of the fund) have been responsible for the biggest portion of the fund’s returns, which is to be expected considering their dominant position in the portfolio. Dependable, high-quality companies that have delivered sustainable earnings growth have been favoured by cautious investors and dominated performance tables.
The manager’s bias to lower-yielding smaller companies has been the next biggest benefit to the portfolio, whereas his investments in lower-yielding medium-sized companies detracted marginally from performance. The outperformance of the large high yielding and small low yielding stocks in his portfolio can largely be attributed to the manager’s strong stock selection in these areas.
How company size biases have contributed to performance

Past performance is not a guide to future returns
Source: Hargreaves Lansdown, Jun 14 – Nov 16. The lines on the above graph demonstrate how investments across small, medium and large companies contributed to the fund’s total performance. The total of all the lines equal the fund’s performance.
Our view
The CF Woodford Equity Income Fund is not a typical equity income fund. Its ‘barbell’ strategy of including both higher-yielding larger companies and lower-yielding smaller companies in the portfolio means the fund is likely to perform differently from many of its peers. The prevalence of smaller and unquoted companies in the portfolio also limits the fund’s yield, which may mean it doesn’t meet the requirements of investors seeking to maximise their income. 
Neil Woodford is one of the most successful, experienced and well-known fund managers in the UK. His long-term track record with other funds has been exceptional, having significantly outperformed the UK stock market while producing impressive income growth along the way. His willingness to follow his convictions rather than herd instinct has seen him generate exceptional returns for his investors, although this is not a guide to the future.
We believe Neil Woodford has the ability to add significant value for investors able to withstand the additional risk and volatility that comes from investing in smaller and unquoted companies. The fund remains on the Wealth 150+ list of our favourite funds across the major sectors. 
The fund’s charges are taken from capital which can increase the yield but reduces the potential for capital growth.
How to invest in the CF Woodford Equity Income Fund
CF Woodford Equity Income Fund KIID


Editor's choice: our new weekly email
Sign up to receive the week's top investment stories from Hargreaves Lansdown



Simply confirm the last three characters of your postcode to sign up for our weekly round-up email to access:

Our latest expert comment and analysis
Opinion on the biggest investment stories of the week





Hargreaves Lansdown PLC group companies will usually send you further information by post and/or email about our products and services. If you would prefer not to receive this, please do let us know. We will not sell or trade your personal data.










 









  CFWEIAA Quote - Capita Financial - CF Woodford Equity Income Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Capita Financial - CF Woodford Equity Income Fund   CFWEIAA:LN          135.96GBp   0.09   0.07%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   121.57 - 139.02    1 Yr Return   8.63%    YTD Return   6.69%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   135.87    52Wk Range   121.57 - 139.02    1 Yr Return   8.41%    YTD Return   6.69%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Blend Broad Market    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   U.K.    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   135.96    Total Assets (b GBP) (on 07/26/2017)   10.011    Inception Date   06/02/2014    Last Dividend (on 07/03/2017)   1.5015    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   4.42%    Fund Managers   NEIL WOODFORD    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.00%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Capita Financial - CF Woodford Equity Income Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the United Kingdom. The Fund aims to provide a reasonable level of income together with capital growth. The Fund will invest primarily in UK listed companies.    Address  Capita Asset ServicesDukes PlaceLondonEC3A 7NHUnited Kingdom   Phone  44-20-7290-9490   Website   www.capitaassetservices.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights










































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.36%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari












 
























Mutual Funds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 












































Closex
 



















































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.89					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/26/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Quarterly Statistical Update for the American Funds 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.





































































 
























Products | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 












































Closex
 






















































































Investments | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 















































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/25/17
$27.80





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/25/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$28.24
Closing Market Price


$27.93
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$28.46
Day High


$27.60
Day Low


2,120
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.45%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.26M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/25/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/25/17)


$27.80
NAV
(As of 07/25/17)


0.07%
NAV 1 Day Return


10.72%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/25/2017)


% of Fund






																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.46																					



																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.37																					



																							Garmin Ltd																					

																							1.37																					



																							Spark New Zealand Ltd																					

																							1.38																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.38																					



																							Abertis Infraestructuras SA																					

																							1.37																					



																							Pembina Pipeline Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Sydney Airport																					

																							1.37																					



																							OGE Energy Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Transurban Group																					

																							1.36																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/25/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$49.77B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.78B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





17.95






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.60






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.21%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.46																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.55																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.59																					



																							North America																					

																							37.37																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.41																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.64																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.17																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.37																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.68																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.35																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.31																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.93																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.88																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.32																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/25/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							17.18																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							5.29																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.65																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.88																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							8.01																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus





























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































