



CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP





















CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
is  a Cayman Islands Hedge Fund located in Grand Cayman,
E9.  
 

It was founded on Friday, October 14, 2016.






c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited
Grand Cayman,
E9, 
KY1-1104 
Cayman Islands
Phone: 33149495908




Inception Date2016-10-14
Minimum Investment1.00M
CIK0001687965
JurisdictionCayman Islands
Updated2017-06-20 13:21:36.385938
NameCFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
Latest Filing2016-10-24
As of Date2016-10-24
Inception2016-10-14
Form D File Number021-273132
Legal Entity TypeOther











Statements



Commitments and Contributions


Private Investors












10-16




Commitments/Contributions
33.33M











10-16




Investors
1.00

































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC


















 









Legal Entity Identifier - LEI Database Search











        This site is a convenient way for you to access LEI (Legal Entity
        Identifiers) Data. Your web browser must have JavaScript enabled in
        order for this application to display correctly.
    


Central LEI Search
CONTACT US

©
        2016 ETLogic Ltd






 





CFM Institutional Systematic Behavioral Fund LP (549300ZOJQ25AY8SFW09) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    CFM Institutional Systematic Behavioral Fund LP
      




Lei 549300ZOJQ25AY8SFW09
Legal Form CAYMAN ISLANDS EXEMPTED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
Registered Address PO Box 309, Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
Headquarter Address PO Box 309, Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town KY1-1104
Legal Jurisdiction KY
Inferred Jurisdiction Cayman Islands
Other Names CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP (Other Legal)
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2016-03-12 02:44:42 UTC
Record Last Update 2017-03-16 02:03:31 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2017-12-27 10:15:38 UTC
Status Code ISSUED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 27 2017,  7.01AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×









CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Cfm North America Inc.  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Maples Corporate Services Limited Ugland House, Po Box 309 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 33 1 49 49 59 08 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-24


New


$33,333,334


$33,333,334


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Cfm North America Inc. 
 Promoter 


 Philippe Jordan 
 Director 


 Jacques Sauliere 
 Director 












CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP  Funding details


CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001630258Address: HARNEYS SERVICES (CAYMAN) LTD., 4TH FL. HARBOUR PLACE, SOUTH CHURCH STREET GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1002Phone number: 1646 957 80 18



Latest news
CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP raised $95,394,058 from 4 investors on 2017-01-05.



CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-01-05Amended Form DIndefinite$95,394,058Indefinite$1,000,000406b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2016-01-14Amended Form DIndefinite$12,728,725Indefinite$1,000,000206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-01-09New Form DIndefinite$1,000,000Indefinite$1,000,000106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP raised $95,394,058 in total.



Directors and Executives of CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP
Key People in CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP:

n/a CFM North America Inc.Jacques SaulierePhilippe Jordan
Similar companiesCFMB HOLDINGS INC, CFMN (BVI) Ltd., CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP








Last visited companies: Ellis Lake Offshore Fund, Ltd., Empery Partners Hedge Portfolio, LP, Essential Testing LLC, FIDUS INVESTMENT Corp, FINISTERRE GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY PARTNERS, LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
List of persons related to the company CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP.

CIK Number: 0001687965Company address: C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 33 1 49 49 59 08



People related to CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountrySauliere  Jacques69 rue Pauline Borghese Neuilly sur SeineFrancen/a  CFM North America Inc.c/o Capital Fund Management Int. Inc. 405 Lexington Avenue, 55th FloorNew YorkNYJordan  PhilippeUnit 3 Palazzo 3 - Caranaval Qanat Quartier - PearlQatar




CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP on the Web
Related companiesCFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP, CFMB HOLDINGS INC, CFMN (BVI) Ltd.












 








CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP  Financing
CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  This is a new filing. CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP was able to sell $33,333,334. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $1,000,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-24. CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP is based in  C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  n/a CFM North America Inc..





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687965




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


X
Other (Specify)


Exempt limited partnership

Name of Issuer
CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


GRAND CAYMAN
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KY1-1104
33 1 49 49 59 08


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


CFM North America Inc.
n/a


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


c/o Capital Fund Management Int. Inc.
405 Lexington Avenue, 55th Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


New York
NEW YORK
10174



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
General Partner and Managing Member of the Issuer ("Managing Member")


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Sauliere
Jacques


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

69 rue Pauline Borghese

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Neuilly sur Seine
FRANCE
92200



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
President and Director of the Managing Member


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Jordan
Philippe


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

Unit 3 Palazzo 3 - Caranaval

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Qanat Quartier - Pearl
QATAR
00000



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of the Managing Member
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


X
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-10-14

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$1,000,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$33,333,334

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP
/s/ Jacques Sauliere
Jacques Sauliere
President and Director of the Managing Member
2016-10-24


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-24New Form DIndefinite$33,333,334Indefinite$1,000,000106b 3C 3C.7[view]
CFM Institutional Systematic Futures & Equity MN Fund LP List of ExecutivesJacques Sauliere, n/a CFM North America Inc., Philippe Jordan











Last visited: CSQ Hampshire Net Lease Funds, LLC, CSRA Chicago Parking I, DST, CSRA MHC Portfolio I, DST, CSRHUB LLC, CSRA MOB Portfolio I, DST

								© 
							





















About - CFM Alternative Beta
















































 


 












1800-435-788
cfm@cfm.fr



Facebook




Twitter


  





Facebook




Twitter



Subscribe for updates
  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 










About CFM






 





Capital Fund Management (CFM) is a pioneer in diversified, alternative investment strategies that provide a source of return to our investors with a low correlation to traditional equity and bond markets.
Investors can access a highly risk-controlled and systematic investment framework, participating in the benefits of rigorous diversification and the opportunity to access returns from plausible, repeatable market patterns, or phenomena.
CFM is among but a handful of global investors to apply academic techniques to dynamically and stringently test every investment strategy.
Our firm’s culture derives from academic excellence, enhanced by an ongoing investment in people, our unique research capability and foundation technology.
CFM is proud to be leading a vanguard of investment managers seizing opportunity from massive shifts in data proliferation globally.

 
 


Our firm manages a number of quantitative strategies. We trade liquid instruments across global markets, including futures, equities, bonds, options, and spot and forward foreign exchange.
Our systematic trading strategies seek to profit from statistically significant price inefficiencies. Removing the guess work from investing, CFM dedicates significant resources to investing in a scientifically rigorous and disciplined manner.
Our investors include Pension Funds, Endowments, Sovereign Wealth Funds, Foundations, Fund of Funds, Private Banks, Insurance Companies and Family Offices. We have offices in Paris, London, New York and Tokyo. See more about our global business here: www.cfm.fr
In addition to carrying out research on new strategies, CFM has strong links to a number of universities. Our researchers contribute to the advancement of knowledge in finance and economics by lecturing and regularly publishing academic articles.

 
 
 
 





Our culture
Innovation, Research, Humility and Collaboration
CFM takes pride in its distinct culture and values – a product of our people and longevity.
Over three quarters of our people are researchers and developers, creating an environment more like a research-focused, technology firm than a finance company. Most CFM researchers have scientific PhDs and, unusually, their background prior to joining CFM is almost exclusively academic.
Our collaborative culture is reflected in low turnover: once people join CFM they tend to stay. This is a function of working in an environment of creativity and intellectual rigour – not to mention the satisfaction of being involved in solving some of the most intellectually challenging problems in global financial markets. 
Collaboration is essential for CFM and is actively encouraged.
CFM has retained its entrepreneurial spirit and, importantly, our ownership structure gives the firm control and autonomy to make decisions collectively about how the firm is run, and its future direction.

 
 
 
 




Our history
CFM was founded initially as a partnership in 1991. The firm is focused on in-depth research, state-of-the-art IT infrastructure and experienced risk management. CFM invests in applied scientific research and sophisticated information technology systems to extract value across securities, futures, foreign exchange, options and other derivatives on a global basis.

 

1991

CFM founded by Jean-Pierre Aguilar. The Managed Futures program established.
 
 
1994

Creation of Science & Finance, founded by Jean-Philippe Bouchaud and Jean-Pierre Aguilar, as the research arm of CFM.
 
 
1995

Marc Potters joins.
 
 
2000

Jean-Philippe and Marc co-author Theory of Financial Risk and Derivative Pricing.
 
 
2001

The Equity Statistical Arbitrage strategy is introduced; Jacques Saulière joins.
 
 
2002

Start of electronic trading
 
 
2003

Launch of the Quantitative Multi-Strategy program, marking the diversification of the firm.
 
 
2005

Launch of the Equity Volatility Arbitrage strategy.
 
 
2006

Philippe Jordan joins.
 
 
2009

Launch of the Directional Volatility strategy; creation of the CFM Foundation for Research.
 
 
2011

The management team of CFM, and Dyal Capital buy out Jean-Pierre estate, following his death.
 
 
2013

Launch of a new, high capacity, low fee Long Term Trend Following program.
 
 
2014

The Diversified Alternative Beta program is launched; creation of CFM-Imperial Institute of Quantitative Finance.
 
 
2015

Australian registered fund for CFM ISDiversified launched in Nov 2015.
 
 
 
 
 
 





Awards
Don’t just take our word for the quality of our global market position and investment process.CFM is proud to have been recognised by many independent judges and Awards. Here is a selection of our recent wins

 
 
 





Emerging Systematic Macro& CTA Fund of 2014 
CFM Institutional Systematic Futures Fund Limited, Capital Fund Management S.A. (winner)

 
 
 




Emerging Multi-Strategy Fundof 2014 
CFM Institutional Systematic Diversified Fund LP, Capital Fund Management S.A. (winner)

 
 



Quant of the Year 2017
Risk Awards 2017 Winner

 
 
 




Multi-Strategy Fundof 2014
Stratus Feeder LP, Capital Fund Management S.A. (winner)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



























CAPITAL FUND MANAGEMENT LLP (CFM)

The products, information and other material contained on this website are only directed at investment professionals in Australia. 
Please note that you will be prevented from purchasing or dealing if you are not eligible for products and services offered within this site.
Materials contained within this website have been made available for information purposes only. It does not contain any investment recommendations nor provide investment advice. Neither CFM nor its related entities, directors or officers guarantee the performance of, or the the repayment of capital or income invested. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance.
Pursuant to ASIC Class Order 03/1099, CFM LLP, the Investment Manager of the Fund, is exempt from the requirement to hold an AFSL under the Corporations Act. CFM LLP is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") under United Kingdom laws which differ from Australian laws. These financial services are provided only to wholesale clients as defined in subsection 761G(7) of the Act. 
 The information on this website has been prepared on this basis and is for the use of wholesale clients only.  It is in no way intended for use by retail clients and should not be distributed to or relied upon by a retail client.

No, I don't agree.
YES, I AGREE






TERMS & CONDITIONS
YES, I AGREE
CANCEL
What is a financial services licensee? A person or entity is a financial services licensee if they hold an Australia financial services licence issued pursuant to the Corporations Act 2001
BY CLICKING ON 'I AGREE', I DECLARE I AM A FINANCIAL SERVICES LICENSEE AS DEFINED IN THE CORPORATION ACT 2001.






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Institutional Global Asset Management | OFI Global






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×




















OppenheimerFunds.com

An OppenheimerFunds
Company





Institutional Investor






U.S. WebsitesIndividual InvestorFinancial AdvisorPrivate Client GroupRegistered Investment AdvisorOFI Retirement Plan SponsorsNon-U.S. Resident AdvisorNon-U.S. Websites












Oppenheimer Funds


















Mid-Year 2017 Outlook
As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.


Learn More








article
Low Volatility Is a Killer



article
Artificial Intelligence: Rethinking the Future






Learn More










Our Latest News & Insights


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education


The Alerian MLP Index was down 0.6% in June on both a price and total return basis.







View Article




















Welcome Back, Europe


Liquidity, earnings momentum and valuations are helping drive a rebound in European stocks.







View Article




















If Not for the Geopolitics, Russia Would Be Boring


Despite geopolitical risks, we believe Russia’s local currency debt remains a good yield play.







View Article




















Medical Technology: The Innovators Disrupting Healthcare


Innovative mid-cap medical technology companies are disrupting the healthcare sector.







View Article









View All News & Insights








Collections


















Global Markets Insights


Learn how we aim to help institutional investors capture sustainable returns and limit portfolio risk.







Explore




















Fixed Income Insights


Explore OFI Global's latest thinking  on investing opportunities in the global fixed income and credit markets. 







Explore




















Perspectives on Multi-Asset Investing


Explore the  Global Multi Asset Group's approach to global markets and get insights into their latest asset allocation strategies. 







Explore




















Alternative Investments Insights


We believe alternatives can offer numerous benefits, including volatility management and improved portfolio outcomes.







Explore













The Right Way to Invest

















About Us

OFI Global Asset Management is an OppenheimerFunds company, drawing on nearly 60 years of investment experience. 



Explore




















Executive Profiles


An executive team built on proven industry experience. 







View Article



















The Right Way to Change Perspectives


Our philanthropy program received more support than ever in 2015.







View Article





















High Net Worth and Institutional Investors
PLEASE CONFIRM

Important Legal Information: By clicking "I agree" below, you agree that you have read and acknowledged the terms detailed below. You also confirm that you are a high net worth investor, institutional investor or a consultant to institutional investors and wish to proceed. Further, by accessing this website you agree to be subject to the site's
terms of use.


The information on this website is intended for high net worth investors, institutional investors and consultants to institutional investors. It is published for informational purposes only and does not purport to address the financial objectives, situation or specific needs of any investor. If you do not qualify as an institutional investor, a high net worth investor or consultant, the information shown on this site (which may include information about our investment strategies and products, market commentary and composite performance) may not be relevant or appropriate for you. There can be no assurance that any investment product or strategy will achieve its investment objectives or that there will be any return of capital. Performance may be volatile, and an investor could lose all or a substantial portion of its investment.



I Agree

I'm not a High Net Worth or Institutional Investor, take me to
OppenheimerFunds.com







You are leaving www.ofiglobal.com and being redirected to a new site.


OFI Global Asset Management is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )









Trading Direct - Stock Trading with the Lowest Margin Rates


















Login
Contact
Help
Open New Account










LoginMenu
Products & ServicesPricingDocument CenterAboutResearch & ToolsContactHelpOpen New Account
 


Banking FeaturesFully Paid Securities LendingInternational InvestorsInstitutional FundsIRA AccountsMargin LoansMutual Fund LoansSoftware CompatibilityTour DemoUncovered Options Trading
 

Institutional Funds
Institutional class mutual funds can be purchased by individuals, often with significantly reduced investment minimums.  You do not have to be an institution to buy institutional class shares through Trading Direct.
Take advantage of the potentially lower expense ratios typically associated with owning institutional class shares.
Check out the Mutual Funds page for more details, or to view the mutual fund list {pdf} displaying over 14,000 individual fund choices.
 
Note: Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing.  To check this or any other information about a specific mutual fund, please request a prospectus from the fund company or Trading Direct, to read thoroughly before entering an order. 
      
 


 



Disclosures

Site Map
1.800.925.8566

© 2017 Trading Direct, a division of York Securities, Inc.
160 Broadway FL 7E • New York, NY 10038
    York Securities, Inc., member FINRA / SIPC. Accounts custodied with Pershing, LLC, member FINRA / SIPC. (Pershing is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation). Additional account protection ("Excess SIPC") provided through a group underwriters led by Lloyds. Click here for more information. Response times for system performance and account access may vary due to multiple factors including market conditions, trading volumes, system performance, and other possibilities. Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors.

 








