 



Chalhoub Group
















































Careers
Contact Us


franÇais
عربي





Our Group
Our activities

Chalhoub impact
Press
Careers













Leading partner for Luxury Across the Middle East

Watch our corporate video







Luxury
With an expertise spanning six decades in luxury, the Chalhoub Group is a leading player in the world of beauty, fashion and gifts.





Middle East
By blending its Middle East expertise with its intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, with an infrastructure and workforce covering 14 countries.






Our Group

Learn more about the Chalhoub Group

Introduction
The Chalhoub Group has been the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers through its passionate teams.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, and a network of over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuels the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By demonstrating commitment to sustainable business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
“I am proud to have created, together with my wife Widad, the Chalhoub Group – a family business which over the past 6 decades has nurtured a strong relationship between the Middle East and the West. Experience in the region and inherent market knowledge paralleled by a unique corporate culture that harbours values of trust and respect, has led the Group to become a reference for luxury in the Middle East.”
Michel Chalhoub
Founder of the Chalhoub Group
 
Chalhoub in numbers:

Regional coverage of 14 countries
Over 650 retail outlets across the region
Team of over 12,000 employees
Over 100 nationalities
Over 125 companies, affiliates and joint ventures

  








Vision & Mission
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955.





Values
Values are what bind us as a Group. They are the inherent beliefs that have guided us since our inception and continue to serve as the cornerstone of our business practices and principles.





History
An untapped market for international high-end brands. A couple passionate about France’s culture and its savoir-faire...





Expertise
With a strength of six decades in luxury across the Middle East, the Chalhoub Group is a leading player in the world of beauty, fashion and gifts. 





Added value
The Chalhoub Group’s added value relies on the strength of its teams and their drive for excellence. 










Vision & Mission
Values
History
Expertise
Added value





















Vision & Mission
VisionBe the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East.
MissionOur passionate teams build brands in the Middle East. By blending our Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, we offer service excellence to all our partners and a unique experience to all our customers.
  












Values

Values are what bind us as a Group. They are the inherent beliefs that have guided us since our inception and continue to serve as the cornerstone of our business practices and principles.
The Group cultivates the core values of Respect, Excellence and Entrepreneurial Spirit which are reflected in every aspect of our business and with each of our stakeholders – clients, suppliers, partners, customers and employees.
Respect“We are all equal and I ask you to respect these principles. This moral is the cornerstone of the Chalhoub philosophy.” (Michel Chalhoub)
We create trust through tolerance, courtesy and appreciation for the people we interact with. Fairness, integrity and humility.
We believe that integrity is paramount to the success and longevity of the Group. Through transparency, honest communication and mutual respect, we are committed to upholding ethical standards that distinguish not only the quality of our work but also that of our actions. Long standing relationships with our brands, our clients and our employees, loyalty and its reciprocity are what distinguish us from others.
Excellence“Always serve as an example to someone” (Michel Chalhoub)
We live and work to a code of standards that enables us to surpass the common norm with commitment, efficiency as we seek to be a role model.
Constantly aiming to maintain and exceed the highest standards of professionalism, the Group is guided by the philosophy of being “Committed to Excellence”. That is, a commitment to our consumers by promising them the finest selection of international luxury brands, to our partners by responding with speed and efficiency whilst holding true to uncompromising standards of quality and to our people by making them our priority.
Entrepreneurial Spirit“Be demanding with yourself and constantly seek to expand your skills and develop your performance” (Michel Chalhoub)
Continuous self-assessment allows us to embrace new ideas, build creative strategies and adopt technological evolution, ensuring that we remain at the forefront of change. Leadership, Ingenuity, Team Spirit
This is the vision that ignited the Group’s creation and the spirit that has guided its expansion. It continues to be at the heart of our success and future growth.
  















Expertise
With a strength of six decades in luxury across the Middle East, the Chalhoub Group is a leading player in the world of beauty, fashion and gifts. Over the years, it has acquired intimate knowledge of each country of the Middle East, deep understanding of its consumers, and unparalleled expertise in distribution channels and retail networks.


DNA Focused On Luxury

Luxury is at the core of the Chalhoub Group’s essence since its inception, anchored in elegance, excellence and guest experience. The Group is dedicated to the three main sectors of personal luxury: beauty, fashion and gifts.
BEAUTY
The Chalhoub Group is a leading distributor and retailer of perfumes and cosmetics. It continues to strengthen its extensive brand portfolio with renowned names such as Chanel, Coty, Dior, L’Oréal and Puig. Its market share is consolidated and its territory enlarged through:

Expansion of its own beauty concept store, Wojooh
Joint ventures with international brands such as Sephora
Commercial relationship with brands such as L’Occitane

FASHION
With a focus on developing and promoting exclusive networks for its prestige brands, the Chalhoub Group ensures the ultimate exposure of its fashion brands through:

Development of standalone boutiques for fashion houses such as Carolina Herrera, Céline, Lacoste, Lanvin, Marc Jacobs, Tory Burch
Joint Ventures with high-end houses including Berluti, Christian Dior Couture, Christian Louboutin, Fendi, Louis Vuitton, Chaumet
Creation of its own concept stores such as Katakeet and level Shoe District

GIFTS
Gift giving is at the heart of the Middle Eastern culture. It is also where the Chalhoub family began its journey into the world of luxury with the representation of delicate objects, exceptional jewels or refined accessories.
Today, the Chalhoub Group continues to pioneer the promotion of a luxury lifestyle with:

Established relationships with international brands such as Christofle, Baccarat, Swarovski and Tumi
Development of luxurious retail networks, including its own concept stores, Tanagra 
An unmatched knowledge of the local and regional markets, feeding tailor-made marketing strategies
 


Market, Retail & Consumer Knowledge

Market knowledge: the Chalhoub Group has acquired intimate knowledge of the markets in which it operates. Rigorous analysis of competitive landscape, sector performance and industry trends enables the Chalhoub Group to closely monitor market dynamics feeding into tailor-made strategies.
Retail expertise: extensive experience and business know-how in the region’s unique distribution and retail environment has contributed to the Chalhoub Group’s expertise in diverse retail networks: from independent, selective to department stores.
Consumer insights: Quantitative and qualitative consumer research has allowed the Group to build deep understanding of the ever evolving consumers of the region, from nationals, tourists to expatriates. Insights and perspectives into consumer behaviour and attitudes provide the Group with the essential tools for growth in the region.
  


Brand Building In The Middle East

Over the past six decades, the Chalhoub Group succeeded in building brands in the region, from developing not yet established brands to market leaders, or further strengthening the positioning of well-known brands in strategic markets.
Acting as a bridge between the East and the West, the Group builds brands with an entrepreneurial spirit and added value from its intimate knowledge of the market, its specificities and the consumers’ attitudes and behaviours.  
Aware of market requirements, the Group ensures maximum visibility and presence of its brands through tailor-made marketing online and offline, visual merchandising, buying and forecasting in both retail and distribution.
  















Added value
The Chalhoub Group’s added value relies on the strength of its teams and their drive for excellence. In the past six decades, the Group has created a strong presence in the different markets, created powerful collaborations, while offering unparalleled services and unique knowledge and expertise in the region. This has led the Chalhoub Group to be the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East.


Our Human Resources


Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group’s competitive edge in today’s market. True to its commitment to respect, excellence and entrepreneurial spirit, the Chalhoub Group recruits and develops highly qualified professionals, with a passion for brands and a thirst for excellence and initiative. The Group’s 100 nationalities are united by these strong values.
Specific programmes have been designed to attract and retain local national talents, reinforcing the Group’s commitment to the development of the region and its people.
Through its comprehensive learning & development and talent management programmes, the Group ensures customised professional development through skill training, team building seminars, leadership programmes and mobility across specialties and markets.
The Chalhoub Retail AcademyWith an unparalleled drive in the Middle East, the Group, through its affiliates, operates three retail academies in Dubai (U.A.E.), Jeddah and Riyadh (Saudi Arabia). The academies deliver an internationally recognised education programme, covering all areas of store management, to provide development opportunities to all front-office employees and ensure excellent customer service throughout the Group’s network of stores. 


Our Regional Reach

The Group has strengthened its operations in the countries of the Middle East and India by opening offices to allow for a strong local presence. The Group’s local teams are experts in their own market, bringing strong local advice and ensuring excellence in execution. The regional management allows partner brands to have one point of contact to reach out to all the markets of the Middle East. 
 


Our Strong Partnerships

Trust is embedded in the region’s deep-rooted societal values. Integral to trust is relationship building which the Chalhoub Group embodies through its long-term partnerships with brands, retailers and malls. This allows the Group to have a leading position in strategic negotiations, market entry and business opportunities.  


Our Research & Development

The Group offers in-house research & development services as well as operationally relevant data ahead of competition, through:

Market knowledge: competitive analysis, market modelling, industry and sector monitoring, macro-economic outlook
Consumer insights: product and campaign testing, brand equity index, usage & attitudes, drivers and motivations, prospective research
Knowledge sharing platform: unique internal online platform supporting the Group’s teams with in-depth reports on markets & consumers, best practice brand activities and inspiring communication trends adapted to our market specificities.

 

 


Our Retail Architecture & Design

The Chalhoub Group's dedicated retail architecture and design hub creates luxurious retail environments, adapting the styles and personality of each brand to the region.

Creativity: creating creative and conceptual inspirational interior and architectural design for retail concepts and guest experiences
Design development: developing customised detailed, technical and construction design solutions
Project management: through a wealth of sources and contractors aligned to international standards 
Execution: developing inspirational and commercially driven visual merchandising environments for in-store decoration, store windows, events and animation
 


Our Plug & Play Services

One of the Group’s competitive advantages relies on its ability to enable smooth and efficient operations for our partner brands throughout the region, allowing them to focus on their core business. This is achieved by continuously sharing pertinent intelligence, developing our highly qualified resources and ensuring best-in-class and competitive in-house back-office services.
• Logistics:  The Group offers agile and cost effective logistics support to all our partner brands, exemplified by a 73,500 square meter state-of-the-art ISO certified storage and handling facilities across 14 locations throughout the region. These facilities are backed by latest system technologies enabling accurate inventory control and the provision of comprehensive management information.
• Administration:  Administration services ensure 100% compliance to local laws & regulations and provide best in-class tools and procedures to our partner brands.
• Safety & security:  We deliver high standards of safety & security across all sites with services including authority liaisons, investigations, shrinkage control, stock loss, central command centre monitoring and entity assessments.
• Human Resources:  Our partner brands can benefit from our human resources services such as recruitment through specialized recruiters within different functions; compensation and benefit with surveys and advice on market trends; always ensuring compliance with local labour law.
• Accounting:  Accounting resources are offered with consistent structures in each market, centralisation of key activities in addition to optimised processes and internal controls.
• Legal:  We offer specialised legal services and expertise in various fields through a partnership approach, proactive advice and highly competitive fees.
• IT:  Our IT department offers a state of the art infrastructure with centralised support and ITIL processes ensuring best in class business systems, supporting our partners through industry best standards and efficient delivery system. 











Our activities



Retail
Distribution
Communication



Introduction
The Chalhoub Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally, committed to building successful brands in the Middle East, offering a unique experience to its customers and excellence to its partners through its activities of retail, distribution and communication. 









Retail
Distribution
Communication





















Retail
The Chalhoub Group operates through its companies, affiliates and joint ventures over 650 points of sale in the region offering customers unparalleled services in elegant surroundings. The management of over 150,000 square meter of retail space and long-term partnerships with developers provide the Group unique perspectives on mall developments and the ability to negotiate the best locations for its partner brands.  

Own Retail Concepts

The Chalhoub Group has created six multi-brand concepts, unique in their own way, designed to fill a gap in the market with choice, width and depth.
TANAGRA 

Tanagra is the preferred destination for style-savvy globalists to find the quintessence of elegance, curated by experts with a finger on the luxury pulse. The Tanagra concept fuses the past, the present and the future, offering an inspiring, refined and edited array of lifestyle gifts and art de vivre under one roof. Since opening its doors in 1980, it has evolved into an impressive network of 9 flagship stores spanning Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
WOJOOH 

Wojooh, formally known as “Faces”, is a beauty haven filled to the brim with a tantalising array of fragrance, make-up and skincare products. Thanks to its innate understanding of the Middle East women’s beauty desires and concerns, Wojooh offers a sophisticated fusion of luxury, unconventional niche and specialty brands as well as expert advice to fulfil every need of the beauty savvy. In 2014, Wojooh launched ‘Wow by Wojooh’, the first make-up line inspired by the Middle East consumer.
www.wojooh.com
KATAKEET

Katakeet is a unique luxury children’s wear concept store. Conceived around storytelling with the contribution of British children’s book illustrator Polly Dunbar, the store is developed to ensure a unique retail experience for both parents and children. Characters Beau, Belle and Bébé guide shoppers through the store’s selection, from nursery items to clothes, shoes and occasion wear for children up to 10 years old.
www.katakeet-boutique.com
LEVEL SHOES

Level Shoes, formally known as “Level Shoe District”, is the world’s finest shoe metropolis, targeting the luxury consumer through its unparalleled collection of exclusive footwear and bespoke services. This iconic district, spanning 96,000 square feet, is recognized as a global fashion destination, with a curated space divided into 40 designer boutiques and four multi-brand areas: women’s designer and contemporary, men’s and trend.
www.levelshoes.com
TRYANO

TRYANO is a specialty store dedicated to three categories. It caters to the dreams and aspirations of the local customers, in addition to those visiting Yas island. This 20,000 square metre shopping heaven hosts one of the largest varieties of beauty, bags, and children’s products in the UAE. The store also offers numerous bespoke services and is house to the iconic French restaurant, La Pâtisserie des Rêves.
www.tryano.com
LEVEL KIDS

Level Kids is a complete universe for mother and child, a storytelling sensorial retail journey that is enchanting, playful, whimsical and a destination for children and all the family.Spanning over 10,000 SQM of retail space with over 200 brands, Level Kids is the first concept of its kind devoted to children aged from 0 to 12 years old, offering a comprehensive selection of children’s wear, shoes, accessories, toys and specialised services under one roof.
www.levelkids.com
  


Franchises

Brand building and local adaptation lies at the heart of the Chalhoub Group’s franchise promise: from customised marketing and buying to personalised real estate and positioning guidance.
The Chalhoub Group manages an extensive portfolio of franchises with brands such as L'Occitane, Saks Fifth Avenue, Carolina Herrera, Céline, Lacoste, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Tory Burch, Christofle, La Pâtisserie des Rêves, Baccarat, Tumi to name a few. 


Joint Ventures

Shared vision and business development, combining the brand’s know-how with the Chalhoub Group’s expertise is the driver of the joint venture model. The Group established its strong foothold in the Middle East region with some of the best names in luxury such as Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, Sephora, Fendi, Chaumet, Christian Louboutin and Berluti. 


Travel Retail

The Chalhoub Group operates travel retail services in various formats across the region through the supervision in collaboration with its business partners of duty free shops at the Cairo International Airport, a fashion concession at the Bahrain Duty Free as well as the in-flight duty free of several  airlines in the region. 















Distribution
The Chalhoub Group facilitates market access via its distribution companies as well as strategic alliances with international groups operating across beauty, fashion and gifts sectors. 

Regional Strategy

The Chalhoub Group looks at the region as one entity offering its partners access to all markets through its regional and local hubs. The hubs are serving the Chalhoub Group’s own activities as well as some of the biggest luxury players such as Coty, Puig and Dior through joint venture agreements.
The regional coverage occasionally extends beyond the Middle East region to cover the Indian Sub-continent and Africa as well as some Mediterranean countries.
With over 40 years in the travel retail distribution business, the Chalhoub Group also acts as a leading supplier to local airlines and duty free stores. 


Local Operations

The Chalhoub Group, through its regional collaborations in Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt, Qatar, Lebanon, Jordan and India; applies its hands on expertise and market knowledge to maximize penetration and visibility of brands by:

Channelling brands through appropriate local networks
Implementation of key account management strategies
On-going market research and assessment of consumer preferences
Adapted marketing and merchandising programmes
 















Communication
Through its regional collaboration with Havas Group since 2007, one of the world’s largest, most integrated and fastest growing communications groups, the Chalhoub Group offers a broad range of strategic communications services.
Havas’s commitment to an integrated operating model is represented by the “Dubai Havas Village”. The Joint Venture with Havas S.A. has its regional hub located in Knowledge Village, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Incorporating media, digital, creative, marketing, advertising and PR all under one roof, it shows a continued dedication to providing clients a total 360 communications offering through seamless and organic integration. Clients which currently take advantage of this offering include Coty and Woojoh. 
               
  

Media & Strategy

Havas Media Middle East FZ L.L.C.’s ’s mission is to unite brands and people through meaningful connections and drive business success through organic marketing. Regional clients include Emirates Group, LG Electronics, Hyundai, Kia, PUIG, Aldar and many more, across a wide variety disciplines.
Servicing clients through a portfolio of specialist teams that span media planning, strategy, trading, international management, digital, mobile, social media, content, experiential, entertainment and sport, their simplified and integrated structure with digital at its core allows for one of the most integrated, agile and responsive media teams in the industry.
  


Advertising & Branding

Havas Worldwide Middle East FZ L.L.C., the advertising and branding branch of Havas, develops innovative, multi-channel strategies for its clients, drawing on a community of talents and expertise in three key areas: consultancy, creative and content. Havas Worldwide is committed to being the most future-focused ideas agency by being more agile, more collaborative, and more digitally innovative. 


PR & Events

The division Havas PR Middle East is the public relations and corporate communications arm of Havas Worldwide Middle East FZ L.L.C., and was created to manage and empower brands, addressing any of their corporate and marketing communications needs. Havas PR’s expertise embraces different sectors such as retail, lifestyle, leisure, food and drink, automotive, aerospace, technology, finance and healthcare.
Their deep understanding of the regional context and the business, coupled with a focus on proactive strategy and creativity, regional insight and excellent media relationships add up to a winning formula, ensuring their clients receive a strong return on investment.
Havas specialists tailor seamless local and regional solutions, leveraging all necessary PR pillars to address any client requirement and business objective: Corporate and Consumer PR; Corporate identity and Communication; Reputation and Crisis Management; Public Affairs and Media Coaching; Event Management; and Digital Marketing.
  












Chalhoub impact





Sustainable Engagement
As the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, the Chalhoub Group believes that its responsibility is to be a role model...





Education
The Chalhoub Group aims to empower the youth living in the Arab World, and more specifically GCC nationals, by supporting academic institutes...





Environment
The Chalhoub Group strives to reduce its carbon footprint and educate employees on regional environmental issues. 





Humanitarian
The Chalhoub Group takes action as global citizens to better the livelihood of those in need. 











Sustainable Engagement
education
environment
humanitarian





















Sustainable Engagement


As the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, the Chalhoub Group believes that its responsibility is to be a role model, to give back to the community and to be part of the engaged organisations that are building a sustainable future. We therefore also encourage and motivate our team members to be engaged both on professional and personal levels in order to protect future generations.  This is why we have created Chalhoub IMPACT, the sustainable engagement strategy for the Chalhoub Group, which aims to engage its teams and partners to enhance its social and environmental performance. It is split into 3 pillars:

Empowering youth through education
Environmental sustainability through behaviour change
Humanitarian assistance through awareness and fundraising for social issues affecting local and global society


Our dedication to sustainable engagement is rooted in our Group values and it is these that have nurtured our environmental and social responsibility. We have adopted education as a key channel to facilitate the development process believing that it is the first and foundational step in understanding how to address social and environmental challenges of today in the region.
The Chalhoub Group is the first luxury group amongst the 207 members in the region to become a member of the United Nations Global Compact in 2014. By becoming a member, we have joined the ranks of international, socially responsible businesses who are striving to forge the way for responsible business. Through this membership, we commit to aligning our operations and strategies with the ten universally accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption.
In order to fulfill our commitment to our membership to the United Nations Global Compact, we annually release a Sustainability Report. This report covers our holistic approach to sustainability including how we conduct our business, our impact on the economies we work in, environmental stewardship, our people and quality in our operations, as well as our sustainable performance. We have released two sustainability reports, one entitled "Nurturing Engagement" and a second one entitled "Sustainability Through Group Culture".
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce.

For us, engagement is the key to a sustainable future and we encourage all our stakeholders to join us on this journey.
 
 












Education

A main focusThe Chalhoub Group aims to empower the youth living in the Arab World, and more specifically GCC nationals, by supporting academic institutes in the Middle East and Europe. The Chalhoub Group launched a partnership with Khalifa Fund, an entity of the Abu Dhabi government to support local entrepreneurs through training and mentorship offered by the Group. Other initiatives include the development of a professorship in luxury brand management with the American University of Sharjah (AUS) and supporting Syrian students with limited means in a devastated country with scholarships in the United Kingdom. The Group’s dynamic role is reinforced through a specialised internship programme for those students attending partner universities, allowing for a designated space for career development.
There is a strong education component in all actions undertaken by the Chalhoub Group such as the “Gift of Giving” initiative through which over 10,000 school supply packs were distributed regionally to ensure that children are prepared for the new school year. In addition, selected students and employees attend the innovative educational leadership conference ”One Young World” allowing them to discuss international, social and environmental issues with world renowned global leaders.
In 2014, the Group has opened the Chalhoub Learning centre in Bekaa Lebanon in conjunction with Jusoor, a non-profit, non-political and secular organisation that offers education services to Syrians. The centre offers basic mathematics and English lessons to help refugee children join the formal learning system.
The Chalhoub Group offers a growing scholarship programme with an outreach of 17 students annually.
 
 












Environment

The Chalhoub Group strives to reduce its carbon footprint and educate employees on regional environmental issues. Teams work together to achieve green building standards, applying for LEED Silver/Gold certification for its main warehouse, future office headquarters and new retail store, Katakeet. In addition, the main warehouse has been ISO 14001 certified since 2010.
The Group has introduced an environmental policy and energy efficiency campaign to ensure environmental responsibility is a part of the Group processes and policies. The environmental policy underlines the Group’s commitment to all stakeholders while illustrating the Group’s priorities in this domain. 2014 has also seen the introduction of a Chalhoub Group ‘Sustainable Stores Checklist’ which ensures that all new store openings going forward will adhere to energy efficiency standards. The checklist also covers daily store operations in which store managers oversee daily green practices related to waste management and energy saving.
On an educational level, each year our employees participate in a range of activities to raise awareness about environmental issues and promote stewardship. These include Tree Planting, Underwater Clean Ups and Beach Clean Ups.
  












Humanitarian

The Chalhoub Group takes action as global citizens to better the livelihood of those in need. A milestone campaign for the Group is the “Hope for Cancer Patients” Campaign in which the Group raises funds and awareness for local charitable through selling specifically designed daffodil shaped pins at stores in the UAE and Saudi Arabia.  The campaign is run in over 200 stores and requires the training and commitment of over 300 retail employees. Annually daffodil pins sales are increased and all sales are doubled by the Group as an appreciation for the support demonstrated by customers visiting Chalhoub Group stores.
In addition to this campaign, the Chalhoub Group is quick to react to global disasters by facilitating and matching collections made by colleagues across the region.
  







Press



recent articles
white papers
press releases
press kit



recent articles









Luxury Retailing in the Gulf Faces a 'New Norm'
The Chalhoub Group,one of the leading operators of luxury brands in the Middle East, released a white paper today describing changing market conditions across the region.
Open the PDF





Chalhoub Group records '8-10 percent growth' in 2015
Middle Eastern leading luxury distributor Chalhoub Group witnessed growth of up to 10 percent last year, despitechanges in consumer behaviour.
Open the PDF





In Conversation With Patrick Chalhoub
Widely regarded as luxury royalty in the Middle East – with over 650 retail outlets across the region – the
Chalhoub Group and two brothers at its helm are each privy to priceless information about what makes the
market tick. Here, Patrick Chalhoub shares some of his insights exclusively with Luxury Society.
Open the PDF





TRYANO Launches the Garden of Imagination
Tryano, the newest addition to the Chalhoub Family, opened its doors in Yas Island, Abu Dhabi earlier this
week.
Open the PDF





Chalhoub Group 
Patrick Chalhoub, joint CEO of the Chalhoub Group, based in Dubai,
received the "Retailer of the Year" award at the "Shoes on Sale" gala
put on by the Fashion Footwear Association (FFANY) of New-York.
Open the PDF





The Most Attractive Employers of 2015
Chalhoub Group part of
top 100 Most InDemand Employers

Open the PDF





Patrick Chalhoub on the lucrative but volatile world of Middle East luxury
John Underwood speaks to Patrick Chalhoub on highest-end retail and why a 97,000 sq ft shoe shop is nothing without ultra-personal customer service.
Open the PDF





Middle East: Towards more sustainable luxury products?
Consumer mindsets are evolving in the Middle East on sustainable development and corporate social responsibility.
Open the PDF





Sustainability in the Gulf- a paradox ? 
Intimate knowledge of the Middle East and its people is at the forefront of the Chalhoub Group's business practices.
Open the PDF





Chalhoub outlines Gulf luxury market future perspectives
In its recent White paper 2015"Luxury in the Gulf : a sustainable future?" Report Chalhoub Group, one of the leading luxury retailer in the Middle East, looks to answer such questions. 
Open the PDF





Jobless Teens seen as Key Challenge in Mideast
A Chalhoub Group study warns dependency on oil is another threat to the Gulf's retail market.
Open the PDF





Sustainability in the Middle East - looking beyond luxury
With the values of government, businesses and consumers aligned, the Gulf region shows that luxury and wealth are no barrier to sustainable commerce.
Open the PDF





Interview with Antoine Joujou General Manager of Wojooh 
The beauty sector represents 47%of our activity. Its is a real growth driver on this market.
Open the PDF





Middle East & Africa overtakes Latin America
In a recent White Paper released by Chalhoub Group, "Luxury in the Gulf: A sustainable future ?" It was revealed that in the Middle East, 83% of the global luxury consumers surveyed expect the luxury companies they buy from to proactively engage in sustainable practices.
Open the PDF





Research says consumers expect sustainability from luxury brands
Dubai-based retail and distribution partner to luxury brands Chalhoub Group has published a new white paper entitled"Luxury in the Gulf : a sustainable future?" 
Open the PDF





New Chalhoub Group white paper explores industry approach to sustainability of luxury goods in the Middle East
Detailed knowledge of the Middle East, and its people is at the forefront of Chalhoub Group's business practices.
Open the PDF





Middle East: High-end consumers expect sustainability from luxury brands
Dubai-based luxury retail and distribution partner Chalhoub Group has published a new white paper that includes comments from prominent figures in the luxury industry.
Open the PDF





Responsible Business Summit 2015
Social media coverage
Open the PDF





Khalifa Fund and Chalhoub Group organise a training course
KhalifaFund for Enterprise Development, in collaborationwith Chalhoub Investment Group, has organised a training course about the retail and methods ofdeveloping and managing them in United Arab Emirates.
Open the PDF





Market watch: Middle East 
More brands are paying closer attention to theMiddle East, given the region’s youth population,high purchasing power and retail development...
Open the PDF





Luxury: new consumption trends in the Gulf countries 
Luxury represents a significant lever for growth in the Gulfcountries, and the Chalhoub group is now shaping the futureof consumption trends in the region.
Open the PDF





Chalhoub Group: building brands in the Middle East
The Chalhoub Group has been supporting and developping luxury brands in the Middle East for almost six decades, and now operates in 14 countries.
Open the PDF









 




recent articles
white papers
press releases
press kit















white papers






White Paper 2017
The Chalhoub Group 2017 White Paper aims to map out the many opportunities and obstacles this new digital era presents to the regional industry. A better understanding of today’s complex environment will ultimately help navigate the GCC luxury world of tomorrow.
Download





White Paper 2016
The Chalhoub Group fourth white paper “The evolving face of luxury in the Gulf: on our way to a new norm?” draws on the Group’s 60 years of experience working in the Middle East, as well as our proprietary market research, interviews with industry experts and analysis of third-party data. Its aim is to provide a guide to today’s market, offer a glimpse of what the Gulf’s luxury sector might look like at the end of this current transition and offer hints on how to cope with the changing luxury eco-system.
 
The White Paper is available in English, French and Italian. 
 
Download





White Paper 2015
The Chalhoub Group third white paper “Luxury in the Gulf: a sustainable future?” sets out to explore the Gulf region beyond the luxury sector, drawing on lessons learnt from the inherent link between basic luxury principles and promoting sustainability in the Middle East.
The White Paper is available in English, French and Italian. 
Download





White Paper 2014
The Chalhoub Group second white paper “Gulf luxury consumers: a world apart?” aims to unveil the particular lifestyle and the specific codes associated with luxury consumption in the Gulf. It defines a set of three consumer archetypes together with the key trends and potential evolution of luxury demand in the region.
The White Paper is available in English, French and Italian. 
Download





White Paper 2013
The Chalhoub Group “Luxury in the Middle East: an easy sell?” is the Group’s first white paper examining the environment for luxury in the region, the size and structure of the market and its consumers’ approach to luxury, specifically the nuances between them within the region.The White Paper is available in English, French and Italian. 
Download







press releases









A new luxury norm? – Chalhoub Group launches white paper to explore the evolving face of luxury in the Gulf
[London: 20 May 2016] Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across…
Read more > 




The Chalhoub Group’s new venture in the F&B world
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, is pleased…
Read more > 




Chalhoub Group announces its newest concept store, Level Kids
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East is pleased…
Read more > 




TRYANO, Chalhoub Group’s latest specialty store 
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East and Aldar,…
Read more > 




Chalhoub Group awarded “Retailer of the Year”
The Chalhoub Group is proud to announce that it has been awarded “Retailer…
Read more > 




Sustainable luxury – Chalhoub Group launches white paper to explore industry approach to sustainability in the Middle East
[London: 19 May 2015] Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across…
Read more > 




Chalhoub Group launches its education retail campaign in collaboration with Dubai Cares
In line with its ambition to promote and support education in the Middle East…
Read more > 




Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East launches its new corporate website
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East launched…
Read more > 




Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East commits to a sustainable strategy
The Chalhoub Group is pleased to announce that it has joined the United Nations…
Read more > 















A new luxury norm? – Chalhoub Group launches white paper to explore the evolving face of luxury in the Gulf
[London: 20 May 2016] Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, launches today the Group’s fourth white paper, ‘The Evolving Face Of Luxury In The Gulf: On Our Way To A New Norm?’.
 
Detailed knowledge of the Middle East and its people is at the forefront of Chalhoub Group’s business practices. With over 60 years of experience in the industry, the Group is the go-to partner for major international brands wanting to enter the Middle Eastern market; with extensive experience in building brands in the region across the beauty, fashion and gift sectors.
 
Following three decades of rapid and strong growth, luxury in the Gulf is going through a period of transition with shifts in the retail landscape and luxury consumers’ profiles, which will undoubtedly re-shape the outlook of the luxury marketplace in the coming years. Chalhoub Group’s fourth white paper sets out to address how the luxury market in the Middle East is evolving as it reaches a maturity phase, and introduce the concept of a New Norm – a new way of doing business to adapt to this changing luxury eco-system.
 
The New Norm for luxury in the Gulf looks beyond those geopolitical and economic challenges facing the region such as a prolonged period of low oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations; and goes deeper to understand the profound forces that are occurring within the Gulf luxury sector itself – to reveal a more mature face characterized by huge untapped potential.
 
The Group’s research in the Middle East has found that:
 

The number of high-net-worth individuals in the region and their wealth is actually increasing, with numbers set to grow by 40% compared to 25% growth in Europe and North America by 2024; while a growing middle class and number of women in the workplace also represent an increasing pool of consumers with promising purchasing power
The business environment is more formally defined and framed by regulation addressing governance, labour laws and consumer protection
The region has one of the highest rates of luxury brand penetration in the world
The region is displaying a maturing retail environment in terms of expanding available retail space and the variety of shopping environments 
The emergence of digital in the luxury retail sector in the Gulf means that traditional marketing and the conventional in-store retail experience are being upended
Luxury consumers are evolving and now seek more experiential-focused consumption; comparing prices, service quality and availability of the latest products 

 
With this maturing phase underway, the role of local partner’s such as Chalhoub Group has become even more pronounced in terms of their ability to draw on their extensive experience in the Gulf to support international brands with their development, against a changing luxury backdrop.
 
The Group’s white paper identifies key attributes of today’s local partner in order to help brands adapt and thrive in the Middle East under the New Norm:
 

Shares risks
Fosters operational efficiency through economies of scale and “plug and play” shared services
Applies its networks and knowledge of the region to help address the increased complexity of regulations and decision-making – for example, in order to ensure a smooth registration process, Chalhoub Group operates special compliance teams to prepare the required  documentation and then follow-up with local authorities to ensure fast approval 
Leverages its extensive customer experience to impart customer-centric, bespoke product offers and services – for example, Chalhoub Group’s Guest Experience Initiative, designed to take the luxury shopping experience to the next level
Nurtures innovation to create market-relevant and compelling shopping experiences – for example, Chalhoub Group’s unique concept store, Level Shoes in Dubai Mall, which delivers a revolutionary, immersive shoe experience across 9,600sqm 

 
Patrick Chalhoub, Co-CEO Chalhoub Group, commented: The Gulf region has witnessed a period of abundance for the past 25 years with the building of incredible infrastructure and the development of the education of its young and vibrant population.
 
It is now entering a new phase of maturity, of knowledge, of seriousness and of stronger governance. Despite the immediate geopolitical and economic challenges, this is a region of wealth and of steady growth. To be successful, we will have to be aspirational, meaningful and competitive, and adapt to the changes and to the New Norm.”
 
 
Ends 
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
 
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
 or contact Rachel El Helou on: Rachel.ElHelou@mailmac.net
  








The Chalhoub Group’s new venture in the F&B world
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, is pleased to announce its first venture in the Food and Beverage (F&B) world. Over the past 60 years, the Group has gained extensive expertise in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors, and intimate knowledge of the region’s market and consumers.Based on the Group’s various studies conducted over the years, they have been able to identify opportunities and gaps in the market, allowing them to create innovative concepts, foster strong partnerships, and build successful brands - always making sure to answer the customer’s needs and aspirations.
Leveraging their deep understanding of the luxury industry, the Chalhoub Group decided to embark on a new journey in the F&B world; creating a dedicated F&B division which aims to bring and develop innovative restaurant concepts in the Middle East region.“We are very excited about this new venture. With the rapidly expanding F&B sector in our region, it’s an opportunity for the Group to add value through the expertise and knowledge acquired of its markets and consumers.” said Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
The F&B division is now operational and managing three exciting restaurant concepts launched in the UAE, including La Pâtisserie des Rêves - a French pâtisserie and restaurant now open in Chalhoub Group’s new specialty store TRYANO in Yas mall, Abu Dhabi. A second branch is planned to open soon in the Group’s upcoming Level Kids concept in City Walk, Dubai.
Another restaurant that the Group is now managing is the VOGUE Café at The Dubai Mall, located within Level Shoes. The Café offers a carefully curated contemporary menu that seamlessly combines the best of international cuisine and fashion.The third concept is Aubaine, a true blend of cosmopolitan style and French cuisine. The restaurant is now open in Dubai Mall and offers a range of authentic bread, exquisite patisserie and classic French dishes.
With the opening of a new F&B division, the Chalhoub Group is reinforcing its position as a leader in the retail market and a true partner for those who are looking to build and develop their brands in the region.
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers.With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
For more information,
please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
or contact Rachel El Helou on: Rachel.ElHelou@mailmac.net 








Chalhoub Group announces its newest concept store, Level Kids
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East is pleased to announce Level KIDS: the second “Level” concept that is dedicated to children’s luxury.
Level KIDS will be part of the “Level” master brand, which aims to be the international luxury reference for the Group’s own retail concepts across several mono-categories and formats. Each “Level” store offers a unique luxury experience in international curated category shopping whilst being simultaneously dynamic, fashionable, expert and distinctive. 
Level SHOES was the first born into the “Level” family in 2012 and is an award winning retail concept store, dedicated to shoes that has established itself on the local and international scene.
With the launch of Level KIDS in early spring of 2016, “Level” aims to add yet another single category concept, which aspires to become the international reference in the children’s luxury category.
 
Spanning over 10,000 SQM of retail space with over 200 brands, Level KIDS will be the first concept of its kind devoted to children aged from 0 to 12 years old, offering a comprehensive selection of childrenswear, shoes, accessories, toys and specialised services under one roof.
The unique concept store will extend over three floors: one dedicated to premium luxury brands; one to contemporary designers, which also features a shoe area; and a third floor dedicated to urban trend brands, with a specific area for newborn and nursery products.
Level KIDS will also offer specialised services ensuring an enjoyable experience for both the kids and their parents, including a spa, photo studio, birthday room, interactive classroom, a VIC room (Very Important Children), concierge and kid’s play area; as well as a custom gifting area. In addition, the store will feature two internationally renowned food and beverage restaurants.
This exclusive concept will be set in the young and lively environment of Dubai’s City Walk. City Walk is the ultimate open-air destination, offering a diversity of high-end lifestyle options located on Al Safa Street.
 
“Over the past 6 decades we have built an intimate knowledge of the region and an understanding of our Guest’s expectations. We are very excited about this new project, responding once again to a gap in the market and the demands and needs of our consumers. Our aim is to create a fashionable, wonderment, playful and quintessential destination for both the parents and their kids, which is set to become the international reference for the children’s luxury retail space. We have been fortunate to be part of this region and its evolution and we want to make sure that we always offer our consumers the best in choice, experience and service.” said Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group has been the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and communication based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers through its passionate teams.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, and a network of over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuels the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By demonstrating commitment to sustainable business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
or contact Rachel El Helou - Events & PR Specialist
+971 (0)4-804 5000
rachel.elhelou@mailmac.net
  








TRYANO, Chalhoub Group’s latest specialty store 
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East and Aldar, one of the most trusted and recognised real estate lifestyle developers in Abu Dhabi and beyond, are pleased to announce the opening of TRYANO.
TRYANO is Chalhoub Group’s latest specialty store, located in Yas Mall, the leading destination for shopping, dining and entertainment, located in the heart of Yas Island, Abu Dhabi.
The opening of TRYANO coincides with the first anniversary of Yas Mall, which takes place on 19th November. Over the past year, Yas Mall has quickly established itself as an award-winning destination that caters to visitors and tourists of all ages and cultures.
Through the past 60 years, the Chalhoub Group has built strong partnerships with international brands and acquired an intimate knowledge of the Middle East markets and consumers. This deep understanding has been the main catalyst for creating innovative concept stores filling a gap in the market with depth and choice.
The Group’s latest concept is TRYANO, a specialty store dedicated to three categories. It caters to the dreams and aspirations of the local customers, in addition to those visiting the island. This 20,000 square metre shopping heaven will host one of the largest varieties of beauty, bags, and children’s products in the UAE. The store also offers numerous bespoke services and is house to the iconic La Pâtisserie des Rêves.
“We are very excited about this new project. The Abu Dhabi market has grown quite tremendously in the past few years but is still lacking of specialty and department stores; this is why we have decided to create TRYANO based on our expertise and know-how of the market, consumers and retail sector. Yas mall is a family destination and we strongly believe that our offer is the right fit for the consumers visiting the mall as we complete its choice with a variety of categories and brands.” said Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
Boasting over 250 of the most sought-after international and local brands, TRYANO immerses shoppers on a unique shopping experience creating an ever evolving retail experience in the ‘Garden of Imagination’. The beauty space, with its frosty demeanour is inspired by winter and located on the Ground Floor. The customer moves from fragrance to make-up to skincare through boutiques, corners and multi brand areas. On the opposite side of the floor, the bags area takes its cues from spring, with soft rugs and bespoke sculptural tiles. On the first floor, children navigate through an interactive, imaginative and playful landscape inspired by the summer season.
“Today’s consumers are not only looking to purchase a certain product. They are looking for an experience; they expect to be taken on a journey. TRYANO provides customers with an experience that is simultaneously ALIVE, ENTERTAINING, SPECIALISED and REMARKABLE. The store is inspired by the nature’s changing seasons, ever evolving and ever changing. We are aiming to bring to the Abu Dhabi consumers something different; a destination of truly exceptional experiences.” said Linton Crockford-Moore, Creative Director of the Chalhoub Group.
TRYANO is also announcing a new and exciting partnership with Etihad Guest, award-winning loyalty programme for Abu Dhabi national carrier – Etihad Airways. Etihad Guest members can earn Etihad Guest miles when making purchases at TRYANO and thus making the shopping even more rewarding. 
Yasser Al Yousuf, Managing Director of Etihad Guest, commented on the partnership: “Our partnership with TRYANO is another example of our continuous efforts to expand the range of our loyalty program offering, providing our valued Etihad Guest members with rewards and benefits beyond a flight experience. Abu Dhabi is well known as a premium destination and by partnering with some of the best lifestyle brands it hosts, like TRYANO, we ensure that Etihad Guest remains at the heart of the lifestyle scene in the city.”
Hamdi Kulahcioglu, General Manager of TRYANO said: “We are looking forward to welcoming our Guests to TRYANO where they will embark on an enchanting journey through an array of bespoke services and a large variety of beauty, bags and children’s products from sought-after brands. TRYANO is a friendly destination where shopping is taken to a whole new level. Come and discover TRYANO and join us on a journey into the ‘Garden of Imagination’.” 
 
ABOUT TRYANO
 At TRYANO, guests do far more than shop; they embark on an extraordinary journey. 
With the opening of its doors in November 2015, TRYANO serves as the crowning touch to Yas Mall, Abu Dhabi. Bespoke services and a one-of-a-kind collection of over 250 of the most sought-after and coveted international and local brands await guests within an immersive and entertaining environment. 20,000 square metres devoted to the best of beauty, bags and childrens’s products transform into a playground for the entire family.
Rich, colourful and diverse, the store’s three levels invites shoppers to explore a Garden of Imagination featuring inspired displays and centre pieces ranging from a magnificent carousel, to a state-of-the-art digital fountain. As no special experience is complete without a sweet treat, the iconic Parisian restaurant “La Pâtisserie des Rêves” provides a perfect setting for families to indulge in.
A little pampering is always an excellent idea. The unique surrounding of TRYANO comprises numerous bespoke services, offering our guests an array of comforts complementing the store’s three categories. These services will immerse the consumer in a remarkable and memorable journey that caters to even the most intricate requests.
At TRYANO, where shopping and entertainment go hand in hand, guests are transported from the ordinary to the remarkable. 
For more information about TRYANO, please visit: www.TRYANO.com.
Or contact Ludmilla Laradi, PR Coordinator, Ludmilla.laradi@mailmac.net
 
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
 
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
 or contact Rachel El Helou, Events & PR Specialist: Rachel.ElHelou@mailmac.net
 
ABOUT YAS MALL
 Yas Mall offers an exciting range of leading international and regional retail and F&B brands, a 20 screen state-of-the-art cinema operated by VOX Cinemas and a family entertainment zone by Fun Works.
Yas Island is situated roughly 15 minutes from the Abu Dhabi International Airport and downtown Abu Dhabi and 45 minutes from Dubai, making it an attractive and accessible destination for both residents and tourists. A selection of seven hotels can be found on the island including the luxurious Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi, as well as a range of top attractions comprising: Yas Marina Circuit; Ferrari World Abu Dhabi; Yas Water World; Yas Links Golf Course; 7 leading hotels; and Yas Retail Park which includes IKEA and Ace Hardware.
For more information:
Website: www.yasmall.ae  
YouTube:  http://youtube.com/yasmallad  
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/yasmallad
Twitter and Instagram: @yasmallad  
Hashtag: #YasMall
 
  








Chalhoub Group awarded “Retailer of the Year”
The Chalhoub Group is proud to announce that it has been awarded “Retailer of the Year” by the Fashion Footwear Association of New York at the gala dinner “Shoes on Sale” organised by the FFANY. The event took place at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York on October 19, 2015 in the presence of 1200 VIP, trade and media. Ron Fromm, President & CEO of the Fashion Footwear Association of New York presented the award to Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group and recognised the Chalhoub Group’s contribution to the fashion and footwear industry; he thanked the Group for their commitment to this great humanitarian cause fighting against Breast Cancer. The Chalhoub Group has always been very supportive of any initiative and organisations that are helping build a sustainable future.
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East. Since the beginning, in 1955, their vision was to build successful luxury brands in the Middle East, giving them the tools and means to grow and develop. There has been an incredible evolution and expansion of the luxury retail and fashion sector in the Middle East region and the Group has been a key player in this growth especially through its innovative concept stores such as Level Shoe District; awarded “Retailer of the Year” in 2014 by FFANY. This is a unique retail concept and destination, with a new take on shoe fashion, trends, art and design.
“It is an honor to receive this prestigious award especially on the occasion of our 60th anniversary. We have acquired through the years an intimate knowledge of the luxury retail sector in the Middle East region.  We have seen an incredible evolution and expansion of this sector and we are proud that we have been a key player in this growth especially through Level Shoe District. I thank the Fashion Footwear Association for recognising our efforts.” said Patrick Chalhoub in his speech after receiving the award.
 
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
 
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
 or contact Rachel El Helou on: Rachel.ElHelou@mailmac.net
  








Sustainable luxury – Chalhoub Group launches white paper to explore industry approach to sustainability in the Middle East
[London: 19 May 2015] Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, launches today the Group’s third white paper, ‘Luxury in the Gulf: A Sustainable Future?’ at the Responsible Business Summit.
Detailed knowledge of the Middle East and its people is at the forefront of Chalhoub Group’s business practices. Celebrating 60 years in the industry this year, the Group is the go-to partner for major international brands wanting to enter the Middle Eastern market; with extensive experience in building brands in the region across the beauty, fashion, and gift sectors.
The Group’s research in the Middle East has found that:
• 65% of global luxury consumers surveyed claim that sustainability is not a part of their decision-making agenda when it comes to luxury purchases.
• Instead, 83% of respondents expect the luxury companies they buy from to proactively engage in sustainable practices.
Chalhoub Group’s third white paper sets out to explore the Gulf region beyond the luxury sector, drawing on lessons learnt from the inherent link between basic luxury principles  and promoting sustainability in the Middle East. Ensuring the highest quality, the most premium materials and the finest craftsmanship are intrinsic to the luxury sector, but are fast becoming a necessary business priority across all sectors in ensuring sustainable growth and best practice in the region.
The region faces several significant challenges with the following:
• One of the world’s largest energy suppliers and the world’s largest consumer of energy.
• One of the highest youth unemployment rates in the world.
• Countries of the region ranked amongst the top ten nations for foreign aid by volume in the world.
The Group’s white paper sets out a number of sustainable solutions that have been effectively developed and rolled out across the region including:
• The construction of two of the world’s largest eco-cities, including the low-carbon, zero waste Masdar City in Abu Dhabi and Desert Rose in Dubai; demonstrating the region-wide commitment to environmentally-friendly living.
• The Emirati and Saudi graduate programme put in place by Chalhoub Group to attract and retain local national talents.
• The Khalifa Fund – a knowledge-sharing, mentoring and experiential learning initiative, designed in partnership with Chalhoub Group, to empower aspiring entrepreneurs in the UAE and develop a culture of entrepreneurship. 
The central theme of this white paper is set against an interesting backdrop of inherent social values which have shaped the culture of the modern Gulf region. These deep-rooted values of community solidarity and trust, combined with the family business model, have proved a culturally appropriate vehicle for the region’s sustainability. 
 
Patrick Chalhoub, Co-CEO Chalhoub Group, commented: “Luxury is adapting to our fast evolving world, and while ancient traditions have shaped Middle Eastern society for centuries, luxury in the Gulf shows a promising future as it echoes these deeply rooted traditions and culture.
With its family-centric structure and its respect for tradition, the Gulf society supports the drive and mind-set for sustainability. We believe that the family business model, inherent to the region’s economic and social fabric, and human resources both have an important role to play in increasing awareness about sustainability and driving engagement in sustainable initiatives.”
 
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
 
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
 or contact Rachel El Helou on: Rachel.ElHelou@mailmac.net
  








Chalhoub Group launches its education retail campaign in collaboration with Dubai Cares
In line with its ambition to promote and support education in the Middle East region, Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East has launched its yearly education retail campaign in collaboration with Dubai Cares, the UAE-based philanthropic organisation working towards providing children in developing countries with access to quality primary education.
The campaign will offer customers the opportunity to buy silver pins with the word “education” written in Arabic calligraphy. The pins will be available for two months (May & June) in all Chalhoub Group stores across the UAE at a price of AED 25 per pin. The campaign will help spread awareness about education as well as raise funds that will go towards schools in the Arab world.
“We have been in the region for the past 60 years and it is our responsibility to give back to the people living in this part of the world. As a Group, we have adopted the cause of education as a key channel to accelerate the development process believing that it is the first and foundational step in understanding how to address today’s social and environmental challenges in the region. We are pleased to support Dubai Cares through this campaign that aims to provide children with education; a powerful word that speaks to each and every one of us. Using the word in Arabic on the pin is a sign of how proud we are to be part of the region and its culture. In addition, of course, the Arabic calligraphy displays the craftsmanship and heritage, inherent to the region’s social values,” commented Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
Commenting on the campaign, Tariq Al Gurg, Chief Executive Officer of Dubai Cares said: “We are proud of our continued successful partnership with Chalhoub Group. We commend them on their annual initiatives through which they have demonstrated a true commitment to philanthropy and to education in specific. Without education, young generations will struggle to prosper or compete in today’s world. We are confident that the UAE community will widely support this campaign in order to help us reach more children around the world.” 
Over the past seven years, Dubai Cares, with the support of the UAE community, has been facilitating change and development in children's education in developing communities around the globe. The organisation is currently reaching more than 13 million beneficiaries in 39 developing countries.
ABOUT CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers.
With a growing workforce of more than 12,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 650 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2015, for the third consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted in 2014 as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
 
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
 or contact Rachel El Helou on: Rachel.ElHelou@mailmac.net
  









Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East launches its new corporate website
Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East launched its new corporate website highlighting 60 years of building brands in the region with passion and excellence. The revamped website has been designed to showcase in a simple and modern way the Group’s expertise and added value through different sections: our Group, our activities, our sustainable engagement, the press and a link to the career’s website.
"We are very happy to launch our revamped website coinciding with the year of our 60th anniversary. Our aim is to propose to our external parties whether partners, potential partners, press and job seekers, a tool to learn more about our journey, what the Chalhoub Group committed team members do, our engagement towards the region and its people and the different career opportunities within the Group." commented Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
"We live in a fast moving digital world. As a leader in our field, it is a necessity to provide tools which are designed and developed to be in line with the latest digital trends. Through this user friendly tool, people will enjoy learning about the Group. The website will be constantly updated with new content and latest news." said Anthony Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
We invite you to discover the new Chalhoub Group website available in three languages English, French and Arabic on desktop, mobile or tablet by clicking on this link: 
www.chalhoubgroup.com

About the Chalhoub Group
The Chalhoub Group has been the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and communication based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers through its passionate teams.
With a growing workforce of more than 11,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, and a network of over 600 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuels the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By demonstrating commitment to sustainable business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2014, for the second consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
or contact Rachel El Helou - Events & PR Specialist
+971 (0)4-804 5000
rachel.elhelou@mailmac.net 









Chalhoub Group, the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East commits to a sustainable strategy
The Chalhoub Group is pleased to announce that it has joined the United Nations Global Compact Community in 2014. The Chalhoub Group is the first luxury group amongst the 207 members in the region to become a member of this prestigious organisation. The UN Global Compact is a strategic policy initiative for businesses that are committed to aligning their operations and strategies with ten universally accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption, while most importantly committing to work towards the sustainable development goals of the region.
This initiative and new membership brings the Group into stronger alignment with its commitment and contribution to sustainability, dignity and transparency. It is also anchored in the Group’s values of respect, excellence and entrepreneurial spirit that have been guiding the Group for the last 60 years. In 2009, the Group created a corporate social responsibility programme which has evolved into a holistic sustainability strategy. The Chalhoub sustainable engagement strategy underlines its mission to engage employees and stakeholders in this process.
The aim of this strategy is to contribute to the long-term development of the Middle East through the Group’s dedicated resources. As the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East, the Chalhoub Group has decided to take the lead and act as a role model for the region to ensure a sustainable future for generations to come. This unique model has been tailor-made to the region’s needs. The Group believes that through education, we will be able to address societal, environmental and humanitarian issues. The Middle East is known to have the highest youth unemployment in the world. The Group empowers local youth regionally and internationally through capacity building (partnerships, scholarships and mentorships, entrepreneurship, etc.) reducing the gap between skillset and market demands.
“We are a family business driven by the values of respect, excellence and entrepreneurial spirit. We believe that sustainability is the balance between economic priorities, promoting empowerment for all stakeholders and environmental protection. This year, we are celebrating 60 years of building brands in the region and throughout our journey we have learned and we are convinced thatPress Releasesustainable business is in an opportunity to create value while making the world a better place.” said Patrick Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
Environmental conservation is also a key issue addressed through the UN Global Compact, and as a member, the Chalhoub Group is expected to follow high standards of responsibility. The last half decade has seen unprecedented economic growth for the region, but with this has come an increased demand for energy and natural resources. The Chalhoub Group strives to reduce the environmental footprint through engagement, awareness and efficiency of operations.
“Our commitment to environmental sustainability continues to be driven by the engagement of our stakeholders through an education and awareness process. Several of the GCC countries contribute to the highest rate of greenhouse gas emissions per capita and fall within the scope of our regional operations. The key challenge is turning this trend around is a change of mind-set. We are obliged as a business operation in these countries to advocate for environmental protection.” said Anthony Chalhoub, co-CEO of the Chalhoub Group.
As part of their commitment and through this membership, the Chalhoub Group has promised to release an annual report sharing their sustainability performance. This report has received third party verification from the Global Reporting Initiative, a leading organisation in this field, promoting this way of reporting for organisations to become more concerned about the future.
The Group has embarked on this journey of sustainability knowing the path is long and with many obstacles along the way.
 
ABOUT THE CHALHOUB GROUP
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the Group has become a major player in the beauty, fashion and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, the Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers through its passionate teams.
With a growing workforce of more than 11,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as operating over 600 retail stores, the Group's success is attributed to its most valued asset: highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group was awarded in 2014, for the second consecutive year, the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and has been accepted as a new member of the United Nations Global Compact Community.
For more information, please visit www.chalhoubgroup.com
or contact Rachel El Helou - Events & PR Specialist
+971 (0)4-804 5000
rachel.elhelou@mailmac.net 



Next
Previous




press kit
Sign In





Press Kit
This section is exclusively reserved for journalists. If you wish to know more about the Chalhoub Group, please login or create a user account to access this section.
The press kit is available in English, French, Arabic and Italian.
 
Download














© 2015 Chalhoub Group
Legal notice
Privacy notice

















 






1955
HOW IT ALL BEGAN
An untapped market for international high-end brands.
A couple passionate about France’s culture and its savoir-faire decided to open the first Christofle boutique in Damascus. This is how Michel Chalhoub and his wife Widad transformed their passion into a business that showcased their confidence in the Middle East’s development, giving birth to what is now known as the Chalhoub Group. 




 






1955
DAMASCUS
Michel and Widad Chalhoub open the first Christofle boutique in Damascus, Syria, marking the beginning of the Chalhoub Group activities.  




 






1962
DELEGATION
Birth of “Delegation” for regional brand representation in the Middle East.
  




 






1965
BEIRUT
Move of the Chalhoub family and activities to Beirut.
  




 






1967
KUWAIT
First local partnership with Ali Habchi in Kuwait.
  




 






1970
REGIONAL DISTRIBUTION
Start of the regional distribution of Beauty, Fashion & Gifts in Kuwait.
  




 






1975
KUWAIT 
Chalhoub activities moved to Kuwait.
ANTHONY CHALHOUB
Anthony Chalhoub joins the Chalhoub Group.
  




 






1976
ADVERTISING
Initiation of advertising activities in Kuwait.
  




 






1979
PATRICK CHALHOUB
Patrick Chalhoub joins the Chalhoub Group.
  




 






1980
TANAGRA
Birth of “Tanagra”, a timeless luxury concept store in Kuwait; the preferred destination for style-savvy globalists to find the quintessence of elegance, curated by experts with a finger on the luxury pulse.  




 






1983
LOUIS VUITTON
Opening in Kuwait of the first Louis Vuitton boutique in the Middle East region. 




 






1989
FACES
Opening of the first “Faces” beauty concept store, now known as "Wojooh"; offering a sophisticated fusion of luxury, unconventional niche and specialty brands as well as expert advice to fulfil every need of the beauty savvy. 




 






1990
DUBAI
Invasion of Kuwait, triggered the move of some of the Chalhoub Group’s activities to Dubai, UAE.
KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA
Appointment of Radwa Trading Company Limited as distributor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
  




 






1993
KUWAIT AIRPORT DUTY FREE
Management of Kuwait Airport Duty Free by Habchi & Chalhoub W.L.L.
  




 






1997
BAHRAIN 
Incorporation of ASHRAF BGDC for Perfumes and Cosmetics W.L.L. for local distribution & retail in Bahrain.
  




 






1999
PUIG
Joint Venture with Puig, a third-generation family-owned fashion and fragrance business based in Barcelona. 




 






2000
DUBAI 
Takeover of the management of Allied Enterprises L.L.C., a Dubai based retail and distribution company.
CAIRO
Incorporation of MAC Company for Promoting Commercial Business W.L.L. for local distribution & retail in Egypt. 




 






2001
EURO RSCG
Joint Venture between PROMOPUB Limited and Havas S.A. (previously EURO RSCG)
  




 






2004
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Introducing Saks Fifth Avenue, American luxury department store chain.
COTY
Joint Venture with Coty, global beauty products manufacturer founded in Paris by François Coty.
FENDI
Joint Venture with FENDI.
CAIRO AIRPORT DUTY FREE
Management of Cairo Airport Duty Free. 




 






2006
DIOR
Joint Ventures with French luxury goods companies Christian Dior Couture and Parfums Christian Dior.
SEPHORA
Joint Venture with Sephora, French chain of cosmetics stores founded in Paris.
QATAR
Incorporation of Qatar Luxury Company W.L.L. for local distribution & retail in Qatar. 




 






2007
CHALHOUB RETAIL ACADEMY
Launch of the Chalhoub Retail Academy, delivering an internationally recognised education programme and ensuring excellent customer service for the various stores. 
HAVAS GROUP
Regional collaboration with Havas Group, one of the largest global advertising and communications groups in the world. 




 






2008
OPENING OF OVER 90 SHOPS
Opening of over 90 shops making the Chalhoub Group one of the key retailers in the Middle East region, in the beauty, fashion and gifts sectors. 




 






2009
CHALHOUB IMPACT
Creation of Chalhoub Impact, the sustainable engagement strategy of the Chalhoub Group.
  




 






2010
CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN
Joint Venture with Christian Louboutin, French footwear designer brand.
  




 






2011
KATAKEET
Opening of the first “Katakeet” in Abu Dhabi, a unique luxury children’s wear concept store conceived around storytelling, ensuring a unique retail experience for both parents and children. 




 






2012
LEVEL SHOE DISTRICT
Opening of “level Shoe District”, now known as "Level Shoes", in Dubai Mall, the world’s finest shoe metropolis, targeting the luxury consumer through its unparalleled collection of exclusive footwear and bespoke services. 




 






2013
TDESIGN
Tanagra opens “TDesign” in Dubai, a meeting space for luxury design lovers featuring a showroom for bespoke limited editions, luxury design and custom-made pieces. 




 






2014
WOW BY WOJOOH
Launch of “Wow by Wojooh”, the first make-up line inspired by the Middle East consumer, dedicated to and exclusively for oriental beauty which combines the Chalhoub Group’s deep understanding of the region and its knowledge of the beauty sector. 




 






2015
TRYANO
Opening of “TRYANO” in Yas Mall Abu Dhabi, a specialty store dedicated to beauty, bags and children offering a one-of-a-kind experience with over 250 of the world's most sought-after international and local brands.
 
  




 






2016
Level KIDS
Opening of "Level KIDS" in City Walk Dubai, a concept store dedicated to children’s luxury, offering a comprehensive selection of childrenswear, shoes, accessories, toys and specialised services under one roof. 
  







 













Contact Us




Inquiry type

Please Select
General Inquiry
Corporate PR
Business Development



Full Name



email



Subject



Message







Thank you for submitting your enquiry. We will get back to you as soon as possible.


If you are interested in joining us, please apply through our careers website:  chalhoubgroupcareers.com









Legal Notice
LEGAL NOTICE
This legal notice describes the conditions of use of our websites www.chalhoub-group.com and chalhoubgroupcareers.com (the “Website”).
By connecting to the Website, you acknowledge that you have read understood and accepted without limitation or reservation these conditions of use and undertake to respect them.
The Website is owned and operated by
M.C.T. FZE a Jebel Ali Free Zone Establishment organized and existing under the laws of the Emirate of Dubai, under the Trading Licence 04616 domiciled at PO Box 261075, Jebel Ali, Dubai –United Arab Emirates. Tel.: + 971 (0) 4 804 55 00 (“CHALHOUB”)
Chief Editors:  Marie-Hélène Strauss and Angelica d’Andlau
Content 
CHALHOUB commits itself to ensuring, to the best of its ability, that the information posted on the Website is correct and up-to-date. CHALHOUB reserves the right to correct the Website's content at any time and without notice. However, CHALHOUB cannot guarantee the correctness, precision, thoroughness or completeness of the information available on the Website.
Availability
You acknowledge that (i) it is technically impossible that the Website will be provided free of defaults and that CHALHOUB cannot take any responsibility for this, (ii) that defaults may lead to the temporary unavailability of the Website, and that (iii) the operation of the Website may be adversely affected by conditions and performances outside CHALHOUB’s control, such as, for example, transmission and telecommunication links between CHALHOUB and you and between CHALHOUB and other systems and networks.
CHALHOUB and/or its suppliers may, at any time, temporarily or in permanently modify or interrupt, all or part of the Website in order to perform maintenance work and/or make improvements and/or changes to the Website. CHALHOUB is not liable for any modification to or suspension or interruption of the Website.
Limitation of liability
The materials in the Website and all other sites are provided “as is”, without any kind of warranty, whether express or implied. CHALHOUB does not offer any express or implied warranty relative without limitation to their merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
CHALHOUB cannot be held liable:

for any use of, or interruption or unavailability of the Website;
for any loss of data;
for any bugs, virus, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it;
for any errors or omissions contained in the information available on the Website;
for any and all damage resulting from a third party's fraudulent intrusion which causes modifications to the information contained on the Website;
for any direct or indirect damage, whatever its cause or causes, nature, origins or consequences. This includes profit, client and data losses or any other loss of material goods arising from anyone's access or failed access to the Website, or any credit granted or reliance made to information coming directly or indirectly from the Website.

Links
The Website may include links to other websites or other Internet sources. CHALHOUB cannot control these sites and external sources. Hence, CHALHOUB cannot be held responsible for those sites or external sources, and declines any responsibility for the content, advertising, products, services and any other material available on or branching off those sites and external sources. In addition, CHALHOUB cannot be held responsible for any damage or losses, true or alleged, deriving from the use or from having trusted the content, or goods and services available on those sites or external sources. 
Intellectual property rights
All information or documents (text, animated or static images, databases, sounds, photographs, know-how or cited products), trademarks, logos and domain names contained in the Website as well as all elements created for the Website and its general structure are either the property of CHALHOUB or the companies within the CHALHOUB Group or are subject to rights to use, duplicate or communicate to the public that have been granted to such.
This information, documents and items are subject to international laws protecting copyright insofar as they have been made available to the public via this Website. No licence or any right other than to view the Website has been granted to any party with regard to intellectual property rights.
Duplication of Website documents is authorized solely as information for personal and private usage. Any duplication or usage of copies made for other purposes is formally prohibited and subject to prior and formal authorization by CHALHOUB. In all cases, authorized duplication of information stored in this Website must cite the source and make adequate references as to proprietary.
 Changes
CHALHOUB may update these conditions of use of the Website at any time, without notice. Consequently, you are invited to regularly refer to the latest conditions of use in effect.  
Applicable law
The Website and its content are governed by the Laws of the Emirate of Dubai and the federal laws if the United Arab Emirates. Any possible litigation referring to the Website and its content will come under the competence of the courts of the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
 
The Website is hosted by the Chalhoub Group.
Design & website development: Havas Digital Middle East 



  






Privacy Policy
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION POLICY
This Personal Data Protection Policy details the CHALHOUB policy with regard to personal data provided on its websites www.chalhoub-group.com and chalhoubgroupcareers.com (the “Website”).
CHALHOUB respects your concerns regarding the confidentiality of personal information and data provided by you. By providing your personal information and data, you consent to the use, analysis and, where applicable, disclosure of such information by us for purposes associated in particular with your requests for our newsletters, press releases and recruitment messages. Consequently, we encourage you to read this policy carefully. This Personal Data Protection Policy applies to all personal data provided by you on our Website.
CHALHOUB may collect and process the following data about you
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on the Website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to receive our Newsletter or participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on the Website (this includes Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter and Tumblr) and when you report a problem with our Website. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, personal description and photograph.
Information CHALHOUB collects about you. With regard to each of your visits to the Website CHALHOUB may automatically collect the following information:

technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; 
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Website (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number. 

Cookies
The Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Website. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Website and also allows us to improve the Website.
CHALHOUB uses data held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. CHALHOUB will use this information:

to provide you with information about goods and services CHALHOUB offers;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. 

Information CHALHOUB collects about you. CHALHOUB will use this information:

to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner; 
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service;
as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising CHALHOUB serves to you and 
to make suggestions and recommendations about goods or services that may interest you.

Disclosure of your information
CHALHOUB may share your personal information with any member of the CHALHOUB Group, which means its subsidiaries, its ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
Protection of your data and respect of your privacy
CHALHOUB has made every effort to put in place suitable precautions to safeguard the security and privacy of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized third parties.
However, CHALHOUB does not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet, and therefore warns visitors of the potential risks involved in the functioning and use of the Internet.
CHALHOUB will treat your data subject to the UAE legislation.
This legislation allows you to access, rectify and delete any personal information by submitting a written notice to the following address: M.C.T. FZE a Jebel Ali Free Zone establishment organized and existing under the laws of Dubai, under the Trading Licence 04616 domiciled at PO Box 261075, Jebel Ali, Dubai –United Arab Emirates. Tel.: + 971 (0) 4 804 55 00 FAO: M.C.T FZE Business Development Division.
Changes 
Any changes CHALHOUB may make to this Personal Data Protection Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check frequently to see any updates or changes to it.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to M.C.T. FZE a Jebel Ali Free Zone establishment organized and existing under the laws of Dubai, under the Trading Licence 04616 domiciled at PO Box 261075, Jebel Ali, Dubai –United Arab Emirates. Tel.: + 971 (0) 4 804 55 00 FAO: M.C.T FZE Business Development Division.
  







Sign In
You need to login or create a user account to access this section.


You are registered
To download our press materials, please enter your email and password.






Invalid Login! Please provide correct username & password.

Forgot your password ?






Forgot Password
Please provide your email below to receive instruction on how to retreive your password.





The email provided doesn't exist.





Back to Login Form


Not Registered ?
Request Access





Registration
Go Back



Personal Details

first name



last name



company



function



department



address



city



ZIP Code/PO BOX



state



country

Select
Afghanistan
Alaska
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
AntiguaandBarbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension
Australia
Australian parts of Antarctica
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Barbuda
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzogovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma (Myanmar)
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde Islands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Colombia
Comoros (Mayotte)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Diego Garcia
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Easter Island
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faeroe Islands
Falkland Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Antilles
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea (PRP)
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Leeward Islands
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
N/A
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain (w. Canary Islands)
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom and Nothern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
VietNam
Virgin Islands (US)
Western Samoa
Winward Islands
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Contact

phone




Identification

email



password



password (Confirmation)

Password mismatch!
Password: minimum 6 characters



Mandatory fields




 Thank you for registering with us. An email has been sent to you for confirmation.Click here to login after confirming your registration. 










 




Joseph Chalhoub Real Estate Development































About us


Commercial


Luxury


Residential


News


Contact













Joseph Chalhoub Real Estate Development









EXPLORE ÉCLAT LIVING











EXPLORE Qubic Square Business Center











EXPLORE CENTRAL BUSINESS CENTER














your right partner
                superior comforting results



learn more about us









0


Properties developed



0


Luxury lofts sold



0


Commercial properties sold



0


Residential houses sold








featured properties
our projects







QUBIC SQUARE
90-1800sqm Offices available and tailored to your needs.

View Details








ÉCLAT LIVING
70-100sqm fully furnished open space loft apartments

View Details








Central business Center
90-525sqm Offices available and tailored to your needs.

View Details













Unmatched Sales Experience
Competitive market prices for our properties offered.




Superior Property Offerings
Learn more about purchasing some of our exclusive properties.




Friendly Customer Support
Our professional and skilled team is available to answer all your questions.
















commercial
find out more











luxury
find out more











residential
find out more







explore all projects







latest news
find out more










CENTRAL

Business Center
ONE DECISION. INFINITE OPTIONS. Central Business Center. Offices starting 90-525SQM. To view project details, floor plan and download brochure: click here 










QUBIC SQUARE

Business Center
QUBIC SQUARE is a lifestyle business center pushing the boundaries of innovative design. To view project details, floor plan and download brochure: click here










Monteverde 4790-91

5 apartments left!
5 apartments left on the first and second floor. Apartments ranging from 220sqm to 240sqm. To view project details, floor plan and download brochure: click here 










ÉCLAT lofts

Ready to deliver!
ÉCLAT is a residential complex in Mansourieh of 53 fully furnished open space lofts and apartments, each ranging between 70 and 100sqm in size. View project click here 







     latest instagram posts       recent facebook posts         









sales department



OUR SALES STAFF IS ALWAYS READY TO ASSIST YOU












































company
Profile
Mission
News


projects
Commercial
Luxury
Residential


connect
Contact us
(+961) 1 48 31 48
info@josephchalhoub.com


follow us
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram


location
Horsch Tabet Fouad Chehab Ave Bldg. 549 - 8th floor Beirut, Lebanon



search


search



2017 © Joseph Chalhoub Real Estate Development. All Rights Reserved.
Designed and developed  by 
							Kaleido.co 










 









Joseph Chalhoub 的个人主页 | Facebook

Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Joseph C Chalhoub - Elgin, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph C Chalhoub in Elgin, IL


Joseph C Chalhoub

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph C Chalhoub  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Elgin, IL.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Joe  Chalhoub


Get Report Now

Age

Joseph C Chalhoub is in his 70s

Joseph Has Lived In

Elgin, IL
Barrington, IL
Wood Dale, IL

Joseph's Relatives

Patrick Chalhoub







Joseph C Chalhoub



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive at Heritage-crystal Clean, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph C Chalhoub
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph C Chalhoub
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph C Chalhoub
Get a People Search Report on Joseph C Chalhoub


Joseph C Chalhoub's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph C Chalhoub has lived as well as Joseph C Chalhoub's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph C Chalhoub Has Lived in 2 States
Illinois Address for Joseph C Chalhoub


2175 P**** B*** 

Elgin, IL


Has Lived In

Elgin, IL
Barrington, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph C Chalhoub

(877) ***-**** - Elgin, IL 
(419) ***-**** - Perrysburg, OH 
(847) ***-**** - Barrington, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph C Chalhoub

j**********b@***.com
j**********b@***.com


Get Email Report




Joseph C Chalhoub's Professional Information
Information regarding Joseph C Chalhoub's professional history.  Find out previous places Joseph C Chalhoub has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph C Chalhoub Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Heritage-crystal Clean, Inc.
               Title: Executive
Company: Craig Transportation Co.
               Title: President
Joseph C Chalhoub's Experience
Title: Executive
               Company: Heritage-crystal Clean, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: President
               Company: Craig Transportation Co.
Job Details
               Company Size: $5 mil to less than $10 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Joseph C Chalhoub

 See Joseph C Chalhoub's LinkedIn Profile



Joseph C Chalhoub's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph C Chalhoub


Joseph C Chalhoub's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph C Chalhoub's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Chalhoub
Username Matches

                  JosephChalhoub
                  ChalhoubJoseph
                  Joseph.Chalhoub
                  Chalhoub.Joseph
                  Joseph_Chalhoub
                  Chalhoub_Joseph
                  Joseph-Chalhoub
                  Chalhoub-Joseph
                  JChalhoub
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Chalhoub







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Half.com: The Nile Post Handbook and Catalogue of Egyptian Stamps by Joseph Chalhoub (2003, Hardcover)(9780973337303): Joseph Chalhoub: Books 














Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification










 
























My AccountWish ListSell My StuffHelpeBay HomeSign in

























Home

Books

Textbooks
Music
Movies
Games








Shopping Cart






























											Search:
											






Books
--------------------------All Categories
Music
Movies
Video Games
Game Systems

Advanced Search


















Home > Books
Save big now on our top 200 bestselling books
























The Nile Post Handbook and Catalogue of Egyptian Stamps by Joseph Chalhoub (2003, Hardcover) 
				(Hardcover, 20030000)
			Author: Joseph Chalhoub More Details





















BEST PRICE$428.94
















Format: HardcoverISBN-10: 0973337303ISBN-13: 9780973337303Publisher: Chalhoub, Joseph784 pagesLanguage: English














Sell my copy






Add to my wishlist






Match my price















My Rating

















 I own it

































BUY (1)


























Brand New

								About our quality ratings
								

Price

Delivered by
Seller
Feedback
Comments


$428.94
 Add to cart
Aug 5*From 
								ML*
extremelyreliable
(15574)  97%
Buy with confidence. Excellent Customer Service & Return policy. Ships...





 Items shipped via Media Mail are usually delivered in 2-9 days (excluding Alaska and Hawaii) from the time of shipping.  * ML=ships from multiple locations, AE/AP/AA=ships from U.S. Military location.
					


































DetailsSize












Similar Items on eBay


 















 








Certain data records © 2017 Bowker. Rights in cover images reserved by owners.






 












has more for you...


Shopping.comCompare product prices and stores
StubHubBuy and sell all kinds of event tickets
eBay ClassifiedsFree and friendly local classifieds





Home|
Books|
Textbooks|
Music|
Movies|
Games


Shops|
Why eBay|
Announcements|
eBay Seasonal Online Sales & Events|
Site Map

Copyright © 1999-2016 Half.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eBay User Agreement and Privacy Policy. 



















Careers at Chalhoub Group




















Close

                    By continuing to use and navigate this website, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.
                
                
Accept












HOME

ABOUT US 

Our Group
Our People
Life at Chalhoub



JOIN US 

What We Look For
Recruitment Journey
Your Career With Us



OUR ROLES 

Retail Jobs
Marketing & Media Jobs
Commercial Jobs
Corporate Services Jobs
Digital & eCommerce Jobs
Retail Design Jobs
Logistics Jobs
GCC Jobs
Internships



APPLY 

Join Our Talent Community
View All Jobs



















Search by Keyword




Search by Country





                                 
                            





Clear












HOME

ABOUT US 

Our Group
Our People
Life at Chalhoub



JOIN US 

What We Look For
Recruitment Journey
Your Career With Us



OUR ROLES 

Retail Jobs
Marketing & Media Jobs
Commercial Jobs
Corporate Services Jobs
Digital & eCommerce Jobs
Retail Design Jobs
Logistics Jobs
GCC Jobs
Internships



APPLY 

Join Our Talent Community
View All Jobs













View My Profile















Search by Keyword




More Options




Search by Country





                                 
                            





Clear








Loading...







                                            Job Title
                                        


All





                                            Our Roles
                                        


All













































THE LEADING PARTNER FOR LUXURY ACROSS THE MIDDLE EAST










Our People












Life At Chalhoub












Your Career With Us





































YOUR CAREER JOURNEY WITH US STARTS HERE










Retail Jobs












Marketing & Media Jobs












Commercial Jobs















Corporate Services Jobs












Digital & eCommerce Jobs












Retail Design Jobs















Logistics Jobs












GCC Jobs












Internships















                    Join Our Talent Community
Sign up to hear about future roles that might suit you.


Enter Email Address
















                    Join Our Talent Community
Sign up to hear about future roles that might suit you.


Enter Email Address










Some of our Brands
































































































































Some of our brands





































































































































Search by Keyword




More Options




Search by Country





                                 
                            





Clear








Loading...







                                            Job Title
                                        


All





                                            Our Roles
                                        


All



















TOP JOB SEARCHES
JOB CATEGORIES
CORPORATE SITE
PRIVACY POLICY














© Copyright 2017 All Rights Reserved


























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















