



Daniel R. Chard of Nu Skin Enterprises | Nu Skin Company






























































							Nu Skin Company						













Daniel R. Chard of Nu Skin Enterprises

October 6, 2012 ·							by nuskincompany ·							in Daniel R. Chard, Nu Skin 


Daniel R. Chard is currently the president of global sales and operations for Nu Skin. Before he was promoted to this position, he served as president of the same cosmetics company’s European division. He has an extensive background in marketing and product management along with executive experience in several other corporations.
Educational Background
Chard holds an undergraduate degree in economics from BYU and an MBA from the University of Minnesota. His early work experience includes a marketing manager position at the Pillsbury corporation and marketing director at PUR Recovery Engineering. Prior to joining Nu Skin Enterprises, he also worked in the executive marketing departments for Pharmanex and Big Planet.
Primary Roles at Nu Skin
As part of his current position at Nu Skin, Daniel R. Chard manages the company’s global marketing strategies. He also coordinates various special events, manages the distributor commission program and helps to identify new target markets for Nu Skin’s product lines. Before being promoted to president of global sales and operations, he was in charge of putting together a program for helping Nu Skin sellers and distributors reach their performance goals.
The Distributor Success Process
Chard oversees this training and compensation program to help each Nu Skin seller succeed even with little prior sales experience. Distributors are rewarded different statuses on a scale according to their sales numbers, and each tier comes with various rewards in addition to monetary compensation. Sellers are first introduced to Nu Skin’s products and encouraged to share the benefits of them with their friends and family. They also receive extensive training in methods for building solid distributor networks.
Nu Skin’s distributor success process has been developed on the principle that hard work brings the desired rewards. New distributors get started by purchasing their starter product packages and meeting all established requirements for earning bonuses and sales commissions. Nu Skin distributors also learn how to recruit others as product sellers for the company.
Chard’s marketing experience and approach are evident in the distributor success program due to the company resources available to each distributor. Sellers at every level get a good amount of support from Nu Skin, and they also receive all the detailed information they need to make successful sales. Nu Skin’s products are subject to periodic clinical trials to determine their effectiveness, and he makes sure this data is available for distributors to use for their sales presentations.
During Daniel R. Chard’s time as Nu Skin global operations and management president, the company has grown in both geographic markets and numbers of sellers. One of Nu Skin’s newest overseas target markets is mainland China. The company has direct selling licenses in more than 50 different regional territories and is expected to add more of them in the near future. These include North America, Asia, Latin America, Africa and various countries throughout Europe. Another notable part of Nu Skin under Chard’s leadership is the company’s Force for Good philanthropic program, which helps to provide health care and educational opportunities to citizens of developing countries.

 

Advertisements




 


Share this:TwitterFacebookPinterestGoogleLike this:Like Loading...

Related

Tags: Daniel R. Chard, nu skin




← Nu Skin and Scott Schwerdt An Introduction to the Nu Skin Company → 


 






  Recent Posts 

What Every Woman Should Know About Nu Skin Products and Service Lines


An Introduction to Nourish the Children


An Introduction to the Nu Skin Company


Daniel R. Chard of Nu Skin Enterprises


Nu Skin and Scott Schwerdt


The History of Nu Skin


Scientist and Business Leader: Joseph Y. Chang, Ph.D.


Truman Hunt: A Man of Business and Integrity


Sandie Tillotson: Top Business Woman


Sandie Tillotson of Nu Skin


 



Blog at WordPress.com.














Post to



Cancel







 














 
 
%d bloggers like this:









































































































































MED Daniel R. Chard Insider Trades for Medifast Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Medifast Inc.

                  NYSE: MED
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Medifast Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


MED

/quotes/zigman/276899/composite


$
42.10




Change

-0.0084
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 801
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/276899/composite
Previous close

$
			41.83
		


$
				42.11
			
Change

+0.28
+0.67%





Day low
Day high
$41.83
$42.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $33.81
        

            $47.35
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Daniel R. Chard



Mr. Daniel R. Chard is on the Board of Directors at Medifast, Inc. Mr. Chard was previously employed as President & Chief Operating Officer by Partylite, Inc., Vice President-Marketing & Product Management by Big Planet, Inc., Senior Vice President-Marketing by Promedix.com, Inc., Senior Vice President-Marketing by Broadlane, Inc., President-Global Sales & Operations by Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., and Senior Director-Marketing & Product Development by Pharmanex, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from Brigham Young University and an MBA from the University of Minnesota.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/03/2016
16,061


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Michael C. MacDonald 
Executive Chairman




Mr. Daniel R. Chard 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Timothy G. Robinson 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Joseph P. Kelleman 
Vice President-Finance




Mr. Kenneth  Kopp 
Vice President-Medifast Direct




Ms. Jeanne M. Uphouse 
Executive Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Jason L. Groves 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Jeff J. Brown 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Scott  Schlackman 
Independent Director




Ms. Constance J. Hallquist 
Independent Director




Ms. Jorgene K. Hartwig 
Independent Director




Mr. Glenn William Welling 
Independent Director




Mr. Kevin G. Byrnes 
Independent Director




Mr. Carl E. Sassano 
Independent Director




Mr. Charles P. Connolly 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:56 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































Daniel R. Chard - Chief Executive Officer & Director at Medifast, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Daniel R. Chard
Chief Executive Officer & Director at Medifast, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


Daniel R. Chard
Chief Executive Officer & Director at Medifast, Inc.



 Overview



Age



53
                                  (Born 1964)
                                              




Notable Companies


Partylite, Inc.

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.

Medifast, Inc.




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 639 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
July 18, 2017





                        Medifast, Inc. to Announce Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2017                    





RelSci
June 20, 2017





                        Daniel R. Chard is now serving in a new board position at Direct Selling Association                    





PR Newswire
June 20, 2017





                        Take Shape For Life® Named to 2017 Direct Selling Association Top 20 List                    





PR Newswire
June 14, 2017





                        Medifast® Announces 10b5-1 Plan to Facilitate Continued Share Repurchases                    





PR Newswire
May 4, 2017





                        Medifast, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Michael C. MacDonald

Former Executive Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer at Medifast, Inc.




M. Truman Hunt

Professional at SJL NS-Holdings LLC





Kevin G. Byrnes

Chairman at Bay Bank, FSB (Lutherville, Maryland)




Charles P. Connolly

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at First Union Corporation





Carl E. Sassano

Partner at CSW Equity Partners LLC




Joseph Y. Chang

Chief Scientific Officer & Executive Vice President, Product Development at Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.





Constance J. Hallquist

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at DNA Diagnostics Center, Inc.




Joseph N. Mariano

President & Secretary at Direct Selling Association





Jeffrey J. Brown

Founding Member at Brown Equity Partners LLC




Scott Schlackman

President at Scott Schlackman Global Consulting LLC







See 629 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 629 More 


 


 Paths to Daniel R. Chard



            Daniel R. Chard          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Daniel R. Chard






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Daniel R. Chard.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.A. Degree in Economics 


Brigham Young University

                  Brigham Young University (often referred to as BYU or, colloquially, The Y) is a private university located in Provo, Utah, United States. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and is the largest religious university and third-largest private university in the U.S.                




MBA 


University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management

                  University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer & Director

                                    2016 - Current                


Medifast, Inc.


                  Medifast is clinically proven. Developed by a physician, it's the brand recommended by more than 20,000 doctors since 1980. You lose weight quickly while learning how to eat healthier. Medifast Meals are formulated with low-fat protein and fiber, and fortified with vitamins and nutrients, so you lose pounds and inches without losing out on essential nutrition. The low-glycemic index formula of Medifast Meals makes them perfect for everyone, even people with type 2 diabetes.

When you choose Medifast, you get a powerful product along with the support of an unusually committed company. We are passionate about offering hope to those who yearn to be healthy but haven't found the way. Obesity is both a physical and emotional problem, and any client who comes to us for help is always treated with dignity, care, and respect.

That passion and commitment also drives our dedication to creating superior products. We develop and manufacture most of our foods in our wholly owned manufacturing facility just steps from our corporate offices in Owings Mills, Maryland, and our clinical team continually strives to evolve our product lines, while maintaining the highest quality at the fairest price.

Medifast changes lives by producing results. Our programs of support change lives by helping you succeed. Because everyone has different goals and ways of learning, we offer you several support programs as you choose health with Medifast:

You may join our online MyMedifast community and get connected with thousands of successful clients through discussions groups, blogs, and videos, plus free guides and tools to help you succeed.

You may enroll in Take Shape For Life, a Medifast support program that offers free Health Coaches who teach you the habits of a healthy lifestyle based on extensive training and their own experiences with Medifast.

You may visit your local Medifast Weight Control Center for one-on-one counseling, a medical review, and tailored programs to reach your goals.

You may opt to work with your own medical practitioner and get support from someone who knows you and your medical history.

Medifast will meet you whenever you're ready, wherever you are in your weight-loss journey. Medifast gives you the power to choose health, so you owe it to yourself to choose Medifast.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2015 - 2016                


Partylite, Inc.


                  Blyth Inc

In 1976, a young entrepreneur partnered with three colleagues to purchase Valley Candle in Brooklyn, New York. Less than a year later, they acquired Candle Corporation of America, based in Chicago, IL. And the rest is history...

Almost 30 years later, Bob Goergen's vision is still going strong. Blyth, Inc., headquartered in Greenwich, CT, is currently one of the leading marketers of candles, home fragrance and home décor products with locations spanning the globe.

Blyth's business strategy is unique in the global home expressions market in which it competes. As a leading designer and marketer of home decorative and fragranced products, we seek to reach consumers across each distribution channel in which they make their purchases, offer a wide variety of products to satisfy multiple needs and help people express themselves in their homes.

Blyth is an entrepreneurial and an innovative company. As we continue to grow internally by developing new fragrance technologies and leading the way in style trends, as well as externally via acquisition, the Blyth family of companies is recognized around the world as a leader in home expressions, with brands for the way we live                




Vice President-Marketing & Product Management

                                    2002 - 2004                


Big Planet, Inc.


                  Big Planet, Inc. provides digital photography services. It operates a web site, Photomax.com, which is designed to help users to preserve, organize and share photos online and a business tool, VideoStream, which allows distributors to talk face to face with customers and business associates via a web interface. The company was founded by Daniel Smith in 1998 and is headquartered in Provo, UT.                




Senior Vice President-Marketing

                                    2000 - 2002                


The Broadlane Group, Inc.


                  The Broadlane Group, Inc. provides business and logistics consulting services for the healthcare industry. It offers supply chain management, strategic sourcing of supplies, professional sourcing, clinical workforce optimization, clinical and lean process consulting, operations and capital equipment lifecycle management solution. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                




Senior Vice President-Marketing

                                    2000 - 2002                


Promedix.com, Inc.


                  Part of NexPrise, Inc., Promedix.com, Inc. is an American company located in Salt Lake City, UT. The firm links buyers and suppliers of specialty medical products. It was founded by Bradford Bond and William C. Klintworth.                




President

                                    1998 - 2015                


Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.


                  Founded in 1984, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE:NUS), is a direct selling company that distributes more than 200 premium-quality anti-aging products in both the personal care and nutritional supplements categories.

 

- Nu Skin operates in 53 international markets across the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe, Africa and the Middle East with more than 946,000 active distributors preferred customers worldwide.

 

- The company’s global operations generated more than $2.17 billion in revenue during 2012.

 

- In 2012, the Nu Skin Force for Good Foundation and our charitable partners contributed more than $4.2 million to improve the lives of children throughout the world.

 

- Since 2002, Nu Skin distributors and employees have donated more than 298 million meals through its Nourish the Children® initiative to hungry and malnourished children around the world.                




Senior Director-Marketing & Product Development

                                    Prior                


Pharmanex, Inc.


                  Pharmanex, Inc., a subsidiary of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., is an American company located in Provo, UT. The firm provides dietary supplements products. It was founded by Michael N. Chang and William E. McGlashan.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


The Pillsbury Co. LLC


                  The Pillsbury Co. manufactures and distributes branded food products, including baked goods, biscuits, breads, cookies, crescents, pie crusts, pizza crusts and snacks. The company was founded in 1869 is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2016 - Current                  


Medifast, Inc.

                    Medifast is clinically proven. Developed by a physician, it's the brand recommended by more than 20,000 doctors since 1980. You lose weight quickly while learning how to eat healthier. Medifast Meals are formulated with low-fat protein and fiber, and fortified with vitamins and nutrients, so you lose pounds and inches without losing out on essential nutrition. The low-glycemic index formula of Medifast Meals makes them perfect for everyone, even people with type 2 diabetes.

When you choose Medifast, you get a powerful product along with the support of an unusually committed company. We are passionate about offering hope to those who yearn to be healthy but haven't found the way. Obesity is both a physical and emotional problem, and any client who comes to us for help is always treated with dignity, care, and respect.

That passion and commitment also drives our dedication to creating superior products. We develop and manufacture most of our foods in our wholly owned manufacturing facility just steps from our corporate offices in Owings Mills, Maryland, and our clinical team continually strives to evolve our product lines, while maintaining the highest quality at the fairest price.

Medifast changes lives by producing results. Our programs of support change lives by helping you succeed. Because everyone has different goals and ways of learning, we offer you several support programs as you choose health with Medifast:

You may join our online MyMedifast community and get connected with thousands of successful clients through discussions groups, blogs, and videos, plus free guides and tools to help you succeed.

You may enroll in Take Shape For Life, a Medifast support program that offers free Health Coaches who teach you the habits of a healthy lifestyle based on extensive training and their own experiences with Medifast.

You may visit your local Medifast Weight Control Center for one-on-one counseling, a medical review, and tailored programs to reach your goals.

You may opt to work with your own medical practitioner and get support from someone who knows you and your medical history.

Medifast will meet you whenever you're ready, wherever you are in your weight-loss journey. Medifast gives you the power to choose health, so you owe it to yourself to choose Medifast.                  




Member, Executive Committee

                    2003 - 2015                  


Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.

                    Founded in 1984, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE:NUS), is a direct selling company that distributes more than 200 premium-quality anti-aging products in both the personal care and nutritional supplements categories.

 

- Nu Skin operates in 53 international markets across the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe, Africa and the Middle East with more than 946,000 active distributors preferred customers worldwide.

 

- The company’s global operations generated more than $2.17 billion in revenue during 2012.

 

- In 2012, the Nu Skin Force for Good Foundation and our charitable partners contributed more than $4.2 million to improve the lives of children throughout the world.

 

- Since 2002, Nu Skin distributors and employees have donated more than 298 million meals through its Nourish the Children® initiative to hungry and malnourished children around the world.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2017 - Current                  


Direct Selling Association

                    Direct Selling Association operates a trade association that manufactures and distributes goods and services sold directly to consumers. The company provides services to companies including Discovery Toys, Herbalife, Quixtar, and Vector Marketing. The company was founded in 1910 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                  





 Political Donations



$500

                  2007                


Mitt Romney








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Daniel R. Chard is affiliated with
                            Medifast, Inc., Partylite, Inc., Big Planet, Inc., The Broadlane Group, Inc., Promedix.com, Inc., Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., Pharmanex, Inc., The Pillsbury Co. LLC, Medifast, Inc., Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., Direct Selling Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Daniel Ray Chard - Salt Lake City, UT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Daniel Ray Chard in Salt Lake City, UT


Daniel Ray Chard

                                                                           Intelius found that Daniel Ray Chard  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Salt Lake City, UT.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                12 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Dan  Chard


Get Report Now

Age

Daniel Ray Chard is in his 50s

Daniel Has Lived In

Salt Lake City, UT
Provo, UT
Minneapolis, MN

Daniel's Relatives

Allyson Chard
Jaime Chard
Hew Chard
Connie Chard







Daniel Ray Chard



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
President, Global Sales and Operations at Nu Skin Enterprises , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Daniel? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Daniel, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Daniel Ray Chard
Get a Criminal Check on Daniel Ray Chard
Get a Public Record Report on Daniel Ray Chard
Get a People Search Report on Daniel Ray Chard


Daniel Ray Chard's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Daniel Ray Chard has lived as well as Daniel Ray Chard's phone numbers and email addresses.




Daniel Ray Chard Has Lived in 3 States
Utah Address for Daniel Ray Chard


5816 C*** C**** L* 

Salt Lake City, UT


Has Lived In

Salt Lake City, UT
Provo, UT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Daniel Ray Chard

(801) ***-**** - Salt Lake City, UT 
(801) ***-**** - Salt Lake City, UT 
(801) ***-**** - Provo, UT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Daniel Ray Chard

d*********d@***.com
c*********l@***.com
d****d@***.com


Get Email Report




Daniel Ray Chard's Professional Information
Information regarding Daniel Ray Chard's professional history.  Find out previous places Daniel Ray Chard has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Daniel Ray Chard Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Nu Skin Enterprises , Inc.
               Title: President, Global Sales and Operations
Company: Nu Skin Enterprises , Inc.
               Title: Vice President Marketing And Product Management Big Planet Division
Daniel Ray Chard's Experience
Title: President, Global Sales and Operations
               Company: Nu Skin Enterprises , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Vice President Marketing And Product Management Big Planet Division
               Company: Nu Skin Enterprises , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Daniel Ray Chard

 See Daniel Ray Chard's LinkedIn Profile



Daniel Ray Chard's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Daniel Ray Chard


Daniel Ray Chard's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Daniel Ray Chard's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Daniel Chard
Username Matches

                  DanielChard
                  ChardDaniel
                  Daniel.Chard
                  Chard.Daniel
                  Daniel_Chard
                  Chard_Daniel
                  Daniel-Chard
                  Chard-Daniel
                  DChard
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Chard







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.























Medifast, Inc. - Management
























1-800-763-9953



Help













Investors



		Investor Home	



		Management	



		Corporate Governance	



		Press Releases	



		Events & Presentations	



		SEC Filings	



		Financial Fundamentals	



		Stock Information	



		Investor Alerts	



		Investor FAQs	



		Contact Us	



















Daniel R. Chard

With more than 25 years of direct selling, marketing and consumer products experience, Daniel R. Chard serves as Chief Executive Officer of Medifast, Inc. and as a member of Medifast’s Board of Directors. Chard joined Medifast in October of 2016.
Before joining Medifast, Chard served as President and Chief Operating Officer of PartyLite, an affiliate of a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group, which specializes in home fragrance products sold by more than 40,000 independent consultants across 23 countries.
Prior to his position at PartyLite, Chard experienced success in numerous leadership roles during his 17-year tenure at Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (“Nu Skin”), including President of Global Sales & Operations from 2006 to 2015. In this position, Chard was responsible for managing more than $3 billion in revenue across 53 countries as well as overseeing all functions of sales operations for the company including global marketing, market operations, market services, and business technology. From 2004 to 2006, Chard held the position of President of Nu Skin Europe. Additionally, Chard served as Vice President of Marketing and Product Management from 2002 to 2004 where he developed strategy for a new global business-technology platform, while overseeing all marketing and product management operations for his division.
Chard has held various marketing leadership roles at Ventro and Broadlane, Pur Recovery Engineering and the Pillsbury Company. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Brigham Young University and his Masters of Business Administration from the University of Minnesota.   




 







Sign up to get updates, tips & special offers:

















Need to get in touch with us?

Help
Contact



Stay connected with Medifast:












More Ways to Lose Weight

Find a Free Health Coach
Find a Weight Control Center
Find a Medical Provider



Business Opportunities

Medifast Providers
Corporate Wellness



Medifast International

Medifast Canada
Medifast Mexico



About Medifast

About
Careers
Media Inquiries








Copyright © 2014 Medifast, Inc. All Right Reserved.
Trademarks | 
								Terms | 
								Privacy | 
								Guarantee


								Medifast makes no claim that these results are representative of all participants on the 
								Medifast Program. Medifast recommends you consult with a physician before starting a weight-loss 
								program. Individual results will vary. Medifast is the brand recommended by more than 20,000 
								doctors since 1980. Typical weight loss on the Medifast 5 & 1 Plan® is 2-5 lbs per 
								week for the first two weeks and 1-2 lbs per week thereafter.
							



















Daniel R. Chard | Nu Skin Company





































							Nu Skin Company						













				Category Daniel R. Chard 


Daniel R. Chard of Nu Skin Enterprises

October 6, 2012 ·							by nuskincompany ·							in Daniel R. Chard, Nu Skin 


Daniel R. Chard is currently the president of global sales and operations for Nu Skin. Before he was promoted to this position, he served as president of the same cosmetics company’s European division. He has an extensive background in marketing and product management along with executive experience in several other corporations. Educational Background Chard holds […]







 






  Recent Posts 

What Every Woman Should Know About Nu Skin Products and Service Lines


An Introduction to Nourish the Children


An Introduction to the Nu Skin Company


Daniel R. Chard of Nu Skin Enterprises


Nu Skin and Scott Schwerdt


The History of Nu Skin


Scientist and Business Leader: Joseph Y. Chang, Ph.D.


Truman Hunt: A Man of Business and Integrity


Sandie Tillotson: Top Business Woman


Sandie Tillotson of Nu Skin


 



Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.














Post to



Cancel







 







 

















































































































































 


 












Daniel R. Chard, Medifast, Inc. Chief Executive Officer - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Daniel R. Chard
Chief Executive Officer, Medifast, Inc.








              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Daniel R. Chard at Medifast, Inc.. Daniel R. Chard works as Chief Executive Officer , acting in a Executive Management role .  Medifast, Inc. is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

07/18/2017:


Medifast, Inc. to Announce Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2017

OWINGS MILLS, Md., July 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Medifast, Inc. (NYSE: MED), a leading provider of clinically studied healthy living products and programs, will announce financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017 on Tuesday, August 8, 2017, after market close. The Company will host a conference call to discuss these results with additional comments and details. Participants from the Company will be Daniel R. Chard, Chief Executive Officer, and Timothy Robinson, Chief Financial Officer. The conference call is scheduled to begin at 4:30 p.m. ET on August 8, 2017. .....

People In This Article:
Daniel R. Chard
,                                            Timothy F. Robinson
 

07/01/2017:


DSA Annual Meeting Prepares for the Future of Direct Selling

..... Others elected to the Board as Directors for terms expiring in 2020: Jean-Charles Boisset of Boisset Collection, Kevin Guest of USANA Health Sciences, Ursula Dudley Oglesby of Dudley Beauty Corp., Kevin Sommer of Melaleuca, Halle Sminchak of The Kirby Company, Connie Tang of Princess House and Elizabeth Thibaudeau of Jamberry Nails.
Those continuing to serve on the Board of Directors: Cami Boehme of Viridian International, Dan Chard of Take Shape For Life (Medifast), Angela Chrysler of Team National, Landen Fredrick of Mannatech Inc., Alexis Ginn of Primerica Inc., Ashley Good of Arbonne International, Pamela Jones Harbour of Herbalife, Konrad Mayr of Sabika Inc., David Merriman of ACN Inc., Ryan Napierski of Nu Skin, Britney Vickery of Initials Inc., Scott White of New Avon and Christie Woodfin of Thirty-One Gifts......

People In This Article:
Daniel R. Chard
,                                            Michael C. MacDonald
 






Learn more about Daniel R. Chard  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Daniel R. Chard and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved





























Medifast, Inc. Announces Appointment of Direct Selling Industry Veteran Daniel R. Chard as Chief Executive OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Medifast, Inc. Announces Appointment of Direct Selling Industry Veteran Daniel R. Chard as Chief Executive OfficerPR NewswireOctober 3, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareOWINGS MILLS, Md., Oct. 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Medifast, Inc.® (MED), a leading United States manufacturer and provider of clinically proven weight-loss and healthy living products and programs, today announced that Daniel ("Dan") R. Chard has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of Medifast's Board of Directors, effective today, bringing the size of the board to 10 members.  Mr. Chard succeeds Michael MacDonald, who will stay with Medifast in the role of Executive Chairman of the Board.  Mr. Chard was selected by a search committee led by Mr. MacDonald and Medifast Independent Director, Glenn Welling, and his appointment as CEO was unanimously approved by the Company's Board of Directors.  The Company also announced today that it expects to meet or exceed third quarter guidance for revenue from continuing operations in the range of approximately $64.0 million to $67.0 million and earnings per diluted share from continuing operations in the range of $0.43 to $0.46 per diluted share.      Medifast logo.More"This is a time of exciting transition for Medifast as we further enhance the strength of our executive team with the appointment of Dan as CEO. We are fortunate to gain a seasoned executive in Dan, who possesses extensive direct selling industry experience growing Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. as well as at PartyLite, an affiliate of a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group.  This, along with a strong background in consumer products, makes him ideally suited to help us take our business to the next level and accelerate our growth.  Dan's unique combination of leadership skills across operational, international, and marketing roles will be a tremendous asset to our team as we build upon the success of Take Shape For Life® and further optimize our unique multi-channel distribution model. We have made tremendous progress advancing our strategic objectives and creating value for our stockholders.  With our financial performance, balance sheet position, executive talent, and momentum in Take Shape For Life with the recent OPTAVIA™ lifestyle brand and product line introduction, Medifast is in the strongest position in our Company's history," said MacDonald.  "My passion for this business, our partners, Health Coaches, franchisees, customers, and employees remains as strong as ever, and I look forward to working closely with Dan and the rest of the management team in growing the Company's business."Mr. Chard joins Medifast with over 25 years of direct selling and consumer products experience.  Most recently, he served as President & Chief Operating Officer of PartyLite, an affiliate of a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group.  Over his 17 year tenure at Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. ("Nu Skin"), Mr. Chard held various leadership roles, including Executive Vice President of Distributor Success and then President, Global Sales & Operations from 2006 to 2015.  He served as President of Nu Skin Europe from 2004 to 2006 and in many other roles of increasing responsibility since he joined the company in 1998.  Prior to Nu Skin, Mr. Chard held marketing leadership roles at PUR Recovery Engineering and The Pillsbury Company.  He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Brigham Young University and received his Masters of Business Administration from the University of Minnesota. Read More"I am honored to succeed Mike as Medifast's CEO and pleased to have his continued support and guidance," said Chard. "With an experienced leadership team and dedicated Health Coaches, franchisees, business partners, customers, and employees, Medifast is well positioned to capitalize on numerous growth opportunities across its distribution channels both domestically and internationally. I look forward to continuing to build Medifast's marketplace position, advancing the strong momentum we have in Take Shape For Life, investing strategically in the key initiatives, and maintaining operational excellence as we grow the business over the next several years."In connection with Mr. Chard's appointment as Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors approved a one-time sign-on equity award of (i) restricted shares with a $600,000 value on grant date that will vest one-third per year on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, and (ii) 210,000 deferred shares that will vest based upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance goals over a three year performance period (which may be extended by six months in certain circumstances), generally as follows: 70,000 would vest upon achievement of an average annual TSR of at least 15% at the end of three years or a stock price of $56.82; an additional 70,000 would vest upon achievement of an average annual TSR of at least 25% at the end of three years or a stock price of $72.96; and an additional 70,000 would vest upon achievement of an average annual TSR of at least 35% at the end of three years or a stock price of $91.91.  The award was granted outside of the Company's current equity compensation plan and is intended to qualify as an "employment inducement award" within the meaning of New York Stock Exchange Listing Rule 303A.08, which requires public announcement of inducement awards.MED-GAbout MedifastMedifast (MED) is the leading easy-to-use, clinically proven provider of weight-loss and healthy living products and programs. Medifast aims to help customers lead a healthier lifestyle through a holistic approach to weight-loss and weight management, nutrition education and fitness. Medifast's proven results are based on the use of structured meal plans featuring Medifast Meals, which are nutritionally designed to assist customers with successful weight-loss and weight management. The company sells its products and programs via four unique distribution channels: 1) the web and national call centers, 2) the Take Shape For Life personal coaching division, 3) Medifast Weight Control Centers, and 4) a national network of physicians. The company also offers sports nutrition products under the brand Dual Fuel™ Nutrition that are formulated to provide athletes and active individuals with the right balance of carbohydrates and high quality protein for top performance. Medifast was founded in 1980 and is located in Owings Mills, Maryland. For more information, log onto www.MedifastNow.com.About Take Shape For Life:Take Shape For Life is a thriving, vibrant community that is redefining the path to wellbeing and creating Optimal Health™ through a network of Independent Health Coaches, who provide support and personal encouragement to help Clients safely and effectively reach and sustain a healthy weight, and adopt habits for a lifetime of health. Within the Trilogy of Optimal Health, Take Shape For Life offers individuals an opportunity to create sustainable health in all areas of their lives – building a healthy body, developing a healthy mind, and generating healthy finances.   Take Shape For Life provides Health Coaches with tools and support; an innovative and leading edge lifestyle program; training and knowledge; and best of all, a community of like-minded individuals working toward the common goal of getting America healthy.  In 2015, Take Shape For Life, and its parent company Medifast were ranked in the top 20 of the Direct Selling Association's largest companies, and is a Code of Ethics member.Forward Looking StatementsPlease Note: This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by use of phrases or terminology such as "intend" or other similar words or the negative of such terminology. Similarly, descriptions of Medifast's objectives, strategies, plans, goals or targets contained herein are also considered forward-looking statements. Medifast believes this release should be read in conjunction with all of its filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and cautions its readers that these forward-looking statements are subject to certain events, risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Some of these factors include, among others, Medifast's inability to attract and retain independent Health Coaches and Members, stability in the pricing of print, TV and Direct Mail marketing initiatives affecting the cost to acquire customers, increases in competition, litigation, regulatory changes, and its planned growth into new domestic and international markets and new channels of distribution. Although Medifast believes that the expectations, statements, and assumptions reflected in these forward- looking statements are reasonable, it cautions readers to always consider all of the risk factors and any other cautionary statements carefully in evaluating each forward-looking statement in this release, as well as those set forth in its latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and other filings filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its current reports on Form 8-K. All of the forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this release.Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120613/NE24271LOGO-bTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medifast-inc-announces-appointment-of-direct-selling-industry-veteran-daniel-r-chard-as-chief-executive-officer-300338301.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextIs Mark Zuckerberg Trump's Biggest Threat in the 2020 Election?NewsweekCramer Remix: Amazon is king, whether you like it or notCNBCComing soon to Amazon: Alexa-enabled Kenmore fridges and washing machinesDigital TrendsKeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney says economic stimulus will have 'a coiled-spring effect' on banks' capitalCNBCOutlook for China's Aviation MarketBloomberg Video2 Dudes in a Car: Blissing out in the Lincoln ContinentalYahoo FinanceWhy it might be ‘dangerous’ for IBM to turn itself around: professorYahoo FinanceA former biotech executive who's living with terminal cancer wants to reset expectations about new cancer treatmentsBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceU.S. fines American, Delta, Frontier for consumer rule violationsReutersMary Kay Launches Beauty Industry First As Thousands Convene For U.S. SeminarPR NewswireO.J. Simpson Owes Millions. Here's Why He Can Retire Comfortably and Never Work Again AnywayMoneyAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoShort-sellers have lost $7.1 billion betting against this year's hottest tech stocksYahoo FinanceWhat it's like to ship yourself overnight on Cabin's sleep pod busTechCrunchWho is special counsel and former FBI director Robert Mueller?JohnS: Kenneth Starr, independent counsel who investigated Whitewater and other issues involving Bill Clinton, was a longtime conservative Republican activist. Clinton protested his activities but never threatened to fire him. Trump, on the other hand, believes Mueller may have a conflict of interest because of a dispute regarding golf club membership dues. The fact is that Mueller is a Republican appointed to head the FBI by a Republican and has more integrity in his little finger than Trump does in his increasingly corpulent body...Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k


















Medifast, Inc. Announces Appointment of Direct Selling Industry Veteran Daniel R. Chard as Chief Executive Officer

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











Medifast, Inc. Announces Appointment of Direct Selling Industry Veteran Daniel R. Chard as Chief Executive Officer
Michael MacDonald Continues as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors

October 03, 2016 17:05

OWINGS MILLS, Md., Oct. 3, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Medifast, Inc.® (NYSE: MED), a leading United States manufacturer and provider of clinically proven weight-loss and healthy living products and programs, today announced that Daniel ("Dan") R. Chard has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of Medifast's Board of Directors, effective today, bringing the size of the board to 10 members.  Mr. Chard succeeds Michael MacDonald, who will stay with Medifast in the role of Executive Chairman of the Board.  Mr. Chard was selected by a search committee led by Mr. MacDonald and Medifast Independent Director, Glenn Welling, and his appointment as CEO was unanimously approved by the Company's Board of Directors.  The Company also announced today that it expects to meet or exceed third quarter guidance for revenue from continuing operations in the range of approximately $64.0 million to $67.0 million and earnings per diluted share from continuing operations in the range of $0.43 to $0.46 per diluted share.      "This is a time of exciting transition for Medifast as we further enhance the strength of our executive team with the appointment of Dan as CEO. We are fortunate to gain a seasoned executive in Dan, who possesses extensive direct selling industry experience growing Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. as well as at PartyLite, an affiliate of a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group.  This, along with a strong background in consumer products, makes him ideally suited to help us take our business to the next level and accelerate our growth.  Dan's unique combination of leadership skills across operational, international, and marketing roles will be a tremendous asset to our team as we build upon the success of Take Shape For Life® and further optimize our unique multi-channel distribution model. We have made tremendous progress advancing our strategic objectives and creating value for our stockholders.  With our financial performance, balance sheet position, executive talent, and momentum in Take Shape For Life with the recent OPTAVIA™ lifestyle brand and product line introduction, Medifast is in the strongest position in our Company's history," said MacDonald.  "My passion for this business, our partners, Health Coaches, franchisees, customers, and employees remains as strong as ever, and I look forward to working closely with Dan and the rest of the management team in growing the Company's business." Mr. Chard joins Medifast with over 25 years of direct selling and consumer products experience.  Most recently, he served as President & Chief Operating Officer of PartyLite, an affiliate of a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group.  Over his 17 year tenure at Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. ("Nu Skin"), Mr. Chard held various leadership roles, including Executive Vice President of Distributor Success and then President, Global Sales & Operations from 2006 to 2015.  He served as President of Nu Skin Europe from 2004 to 2006 and in many other roles of increasing responsibility since he joined the company in 1998.  Prior to Nu Skin, Mr. Chard held marketing leadership roles at PUR Recovery Engineering and The Pillsbury Company.  He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Brigham Young University and received his Masters of Business Administration from the University of Minnesota.  "I am honored to succeed Mike as Medifast's CEO and pleased to have his continued support and guidance," said Chard. "With an experienced leadership team and dedicated Health Coaches, franchisees, business partners, customers, and employees, Medifast is well positioned to capitalize on numerous growth opportunities across its distribution channels both domestically and internationally. I look forward to continuing to build Medifast's marketplace position, advancing the strong momentum we have in Take Shape For Life, investing strategically in the key initiatives, and maintaining operational excellence as we grow the business over the next several years."In connection with Mr. Chard's appointment as Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors approved a one-time sign-on equity award of (i) restricted shares with a $600,000 value on grant date that will vest one-third per year on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, and (ii) 210,000 deferred shares that will vest based upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance goals over a three year performance period (which may be extended by six months in certain circumstances), generally as follows: 70,000 would vest upon achievement of an average annual TSR of at least 15% at the end of three years or a stock price of $56.82; an additional 70,000 would vest upon achievement of an average annual TSR of at least 25% at the end of three years or a stock price of $72.96; and an additional 70,000 would vest upon achievement of an average annual TSR of at least 35% at the end of three years or a stock price of $91.91.  The award was granted outside of the Company's current equity compensation plan and is intended to qualify as an "employment inducement award" within the meaning of New York Stock Exchange Listing Rule 303A.08, which requires public announcement of inducement awards.MED-GAbout Medifast Medifast (NYSE: MED) is the leading easy-to-use, clinically proven provider of weight-loss and healthy living products and programs. Medifast aims to help customers lead a healthier lifestyle through a holistic approach to weight-loss and weight management, nutrition education and fitness. Medifast's proven results are based on the use of structured meal plans featuring Medifast Meals, which are nutritionally designed to assist customers with successful weight-loss and weight management. The company sells its products and programs via four unique distribution channels: 1) the web and national call centers, 2) the Take Shape For Life personal coaching division, 3) Medifast Weight Control Centers, and 4) a national network of physicians. The company also offers sports nutrition products under the brand Dual Fuel™ Nutrition that are formulated to provide athletes and active individuals with the right balance of carbohydrates and high quality protein for top performance. Medifast was founded in 1980 and is located in Owings Mills, Maryland. For more information, log onto www.MedifastNow.com. About Take Shape For Life:Take Shape For Life is a thriving, vibrant community that is redefining the path to wellbeing and creating Optimal Health™ through a network of Independent Health Coaches, who provide support and personal encouragement to help Clients safely and effectively reach and sustain a healthy weight, and adopt habits for a lifetime of health. Within the Trilogy of Optimal Health, Take Shape For Life offers individuals an opportunity to create sustainable health in all areas of their lives – building a healthy body, developing a healthy mind, and generating healthy finances.   Take Shape For Life provides Health Coaches with tools and support; an innovative and leading edge lifestyle program; training and knowledge; and best of all, a community of like-minded individuals working toward the common goal of getting America healthy.  In 2015, Take Shape For Life, and its parent company Medifast were ranked in the top 20 of the Direct Selling Association's largest companies, and is a Code of Ethics member.Forward Looking Statements Please Note: This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by use of phrases or terminology such as "intend" or other similar words or the negative of such terminology. Similarly, descriptions of Medifast's objectives, strategies, plans, goals or targets contained herein are also considered forward-looking statements. Medifast believes this release should be read in conjunction with all of its filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and cautions its readers that these forward-looking statements are subject to certain events, risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Some of these factors include, among others, Medifast's inability to attract and retain independent Health Coaches and Members, stability in the pricing of print, TV and Direct Mail marketing initiatives affecting the cost to acquire customers, increases in competition, litigation, regulatory changes, and its planned growth into new domestic and international markets and new channels of distribution. Although Medifast believes that the expectations, statements, and assumptions reflected in these forward- looking statements are reasonable, it cautions readers to always consider all of the risk factors and any other cautionary statements carefully in evaluating each forward-looking statement in this release, as well as those set forth in its latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and other filings filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including its current reports on Form 8-K. All of the forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this release.Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120613/NE24271LOGO-b To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medifast-inc-announces-appointment-of-direct-selling-industry-veteran-daniel-r-chard-as-chief-executive-officer-300338301.htmlSOURCE  Medifast, Inc. 




Related Stories


New chief at Medifast
SA Breaking News
            10/05 08:22 ET
        

MT Newswires After-Hours News Movers
MT Newswires
            10/03 17:56 ET
        

Medifast Names Daniel Chard as its Chief Executive Officer; Guides to 'Meet or Exceed' Q3 Revenue Forecast
MT Newswires
            10/03 17:16 ET
        

Medifast, Inc. Announces Appointment of Direct Selling Industry Veteran Daniel R. Chard as Chief Executive Officer
PR Newswire
            10/03 17:05 ET
        

Medifast declares $0.25 dividend
SA Breaking News
            09/19 06:54 ET
        

Medifast to Pay Unchanged Cash Dividend of $0.25 Per Share on Nov. 10
MT Newswires
            09/08 17:23 ET
        

Medifast, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend
PR Newswire
            09/08 17:00 ET
        

Winchester Homes to Unveil 2 Townhome Models at Cabin Branch Grand Opening Event in Clarksburg Set for Saturday, Aug. 6
PR Newswire
            08/05 09:00 ET
        

--Analyst Actions: Wunderlich Reiterates MEDIFAST INC Hold Rating; Lifts PT to $36 from $32
MT Newswires
            08/04 08:55 ET
        

Medifast, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results
PR Newswire
            08/03 16:05 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            





















