



CHC Helicopter
























Menu

Flight Schedule







Making the World More Accessible
CHC Helicopter's unmatched helicopter services enable people around the world to go further, do more and come home safely.It demands our best—every moment, every day—even as we regularly raise the standards for what we do. Our global team is talented and passionate in providing offshore transportation to the oil-and-gas industry, flying search-and-rescue and emergency medical missions, and delivering maintenance/repair/overhaul and support services. Our capabilities are based on unique knowledge and accomplishment amassed from traveling out to and back from the world's most remote and challenging destinations.

View Restructuring Information Here

CHC CEO Karl Fessenden - Back to Basics: Prioritizing Safety in a Challenging EconomyIn keynote remarks at the 12th annual CHC Safety & Quality Summit, an internationally recognized aviation-safety event, CHC President and Chief Executive Officer Karl Fessenden discussed the importance of ensuring that safety continues to remain a top industry priority. 





CHC News



CHC Helicopter Celebrates 70 Years of Serving Customers around the World 
Jan 31, 2017
             -- CHC Group today announced the beginning of a year-long celebration of the operator’s 70-year history since its humble beginnings as a crop dusting operation in British Columbia in April of 1947. 
        

Vincent D’Rozario joins CHC Helicopter as Regional Director, Asia Pacific
Jan 30, 2017
             -- CHC Group announced that Vincent D’Rozario has joined the company as Regional Director, Asia Pacific.
        

CHC Australia Reaches 25,000 Hour Milestone on AW139
Jan 19, 2017
             -- CHC Group announced it had recently reached the 25,000 flight hour milestone on its fleet of AW139s in Australia.
        


More News...





Careers

Join the thousands of experienced and talented people around the globe who work at CHC.
Search Careers >>



Safety & Quality Summit


Register Now




CHC Helicopter is proud to supportthe IHST safety initiative.
















Careers | CHC




















+1.214.262.7426
Info@CHCHeli.com

Facebook
Twitter
Linked-in
YouTube







CompanyOur Story
Leadership
History
Press Releases
Purpose and Values
Fleet
Our Code of Ethics

GlobalRegions

Safety & InnovationSafety
Innovation

SolutionsOffshore Transport
SAR & EMS
MRO
Training

 




 



Careers
An Exceptional Combination of Talent, Passion and Experience
 


&nbsp    



Go To Schedules

Search Flight Schedule
        Select the flight date, "Arrivals" or "Departures", and a heli-port, then click "Get Schedule".
      


Skip to main content



 


At CHC, our greatest strength is our people – an experienced, talented and committed team, certified and trained to the highest industry standards. They are difference-makers, dedicated to getting our customers where they need to be, when they need to be there, anywhere in the world – safely and reliably. That is why we look for only the best talent to help our business reach beyond challenges and deliver for our customers.
At CHC, our strong ethical values, integrity and clearly-defined standards for accountability have guided our actions for 70 years. We are committed to cultivating an environment where open, transparent and honest communication is the expectation, not the exception. Our team strives to deliver outstanding customer service anywhere in the world, whether it’s through Flight Operations, Maintenance, Passenger Service or other functions. We offer world-renowned driven by a professional operational infrastructure that reduces risk in all respects.
Our global team of experts manages our fleet and utilizes innovative technology to provide tailored solutions for our customers. With global operations supported by localized knowhow, we can respond quickly, efficiently and safely to meet any customer need. We provide our customers with customized oil and gas transport solutions while also providing search and rescue and emergency medical service to both private and government customers throughout the world. Each year, we carry millions of passengers to their destinations safely and reliably on six continents in all types of environments. We also provide essential search and rescue and emergency medical capabilities to help save lives throughout the world.
From the highly-trained flight crew to the engineers and maintenance teams that support them at each stop, our people make the difference. We rely on a global logistics and engineering team that efficiently plans and tailors whatever resources are needed to support around-the-clock operations.
We know the best people become even more effective when they are continually provided with innovative technology. From a global supply chain management system to global aircraﬅ monitoring to a shared digital records library, we make sure that our teams can get what they need quickly to keep things running smoothly for our customers. All of this is supported at our corporate headquarters and global operations center in Dallas, Texas, where we help accelerate the integration of advanced tools, systems and processes for specific flight-operations support, maintenance, and technical-support functions, every day, around the clock. We are looking for people who can not only utilize these systems, but help us continue to evolve and push the boundaries of innovation in our industry.
If you’re a go getter and problem-solver and are interested in joining a team dedicated to quickly mobilizing customer solutions for a global customer base, then CHC wants to talk to you. We offer challenging opportunities to learn and grow so you can reach beyond to achieve your career goals.
Check out our current openings and apply today.


 



Careers
Contact Us
Press Releases
Ethics
Privacy Policy
 





Offshore Transport Services - CHC Helicopter
























Menu

Flight Schedule





What We Do

Offshore Transport
				
Flight Schedule



Search & Rescue (SAR)

Emergency Medical Services (EMS)

Heli-One (MRO Services)

Flight Training





Offshore Expertise That Runs Wide & Deep
Decades of over-water flying in extremely demanding conditions have honed unmatched knowledge, skill—and leadership—in offshore transportation for companies that discover and produce oil and natural gas. Each year, our people carry more than one million passengers to and from the ships and platforms that make up their offshore workplaces.
Today, deepwater and ultra-deepwater reserves represent the vast majority of the world's new oil and gas discoveries, overwhelmingly in places where we have well-established capabilities: off the coasts of Australia, Brazil, Norway, the United Kingdom and several nations in Africa.
As our customers continue to go further to explore and produce oil and gas, CHC's world-class, advanced fleet, innovative technology and global reach make us uniquely able to understand and safely meet their needs.












IRWeblink























Thank you for your interest in IR Solutions. You have reached this page because the URL you have requested is no longer available, or you do not have permission to view it. For more information on the most comprehensive IR web site management tool available, please click here. If you have any questions, e-mail IRSupport@snl.com, or call (866) 802-9128 and ask for an IR Solutions sales representative.
				  


Please click here to return to the main 
                    SNL Financial homepage.

















 








CHC Global Operations International ULC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























chc global operations international ulc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Unclassifiable
Industry: Unclassifiable
Sub-Industry: Unknown





Corporate Information
Address:

4740 Agar Drive
Richmond, BC V7B 1A3
Canada


Phone:
1-604-276-7500


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































CHC Global Operations International Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 10:06 AM ET
Airlines

Company Overview of CHC Global Operations International Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CHC Global Operations International Inc. offers helicopter transportation services. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Richmond, Canada. CHC Global Operations International Inc. operates as a subsidiary of CHC Helicopter S.A.


4740 Agar DriveRichmond, BC V7B 1A3CanadaFounded in 2008



Phone: 604-276-7500








Key Executives for CHC Global Operations International Inc.


CHC Global Operations International Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



CHC Global Operations International Inc. Key Developments

Fourth Amended Reorganization Plan Approved for CHC Group Ltd.
Mar 3 17
The US Bankruptcy Court approved the fourth amended plan of reorganization of CHC Group Ltd. on March 3, 2017. The debtor has filed its fourth amended plan in the Court on February 15, 2017. As per the amended plan, Administrative Expense Claims, Professional Fee Claims, Priority Tax Claims and Other Priority Claims shall be paid in full in cash. Other Secured Claims shall receive cash in an amount equal to the allowed amount. Revolving Credit Agreement claims of $383.02 million will be paid in cash. ABL Credit Agreement Claims of $139 million will recover of 39.2% of the allowed amount. Senior Secured Notes Claims of $1.07 billion will recover in the range of 5.40% to 17.60% of the allowed amount. Unsecured Notes Claims of $98.53 million will recover in the range of 6.60% to 16.20% of the allowed amount. General unsecured claims of $78 million shall receive 11.6% of the new membership interests plus up to $37.5 million in new unsecured notes, less the amount of the convenience claim distribution amount of $0.75 million. Convenience Claims will be expected to 10.40% of the allowed amount. There were no changes in treatment of other classes of claims. All intercompany claims shall be reinstated. Existing CHC interests shall be liquidated or voluntarily struck-off and shall not receive any distributions under the plan and allowed intercompany interests shall be reinstated. The plan shall be funded from debtor’s cash in hand, exit revolving credit facility, new unsecured notes, new second lien convertible notes and issuance of new membership interest and rights offering.


Fourth Amended Reorganization Plan Filed by CHC Group Ltd.
Feb 15 17
CHC Group Ltd. filed fourth amended plan of reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court on February 15, 2017. As per the amended plan, there were no changes in the treatment of classes of claims.


Third Amended Reorganization Plan Filed by CHC Group Ltd.
Feb 8 17
CHC Group Ltd. filed third amended plan of reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court on February 8, 2017. As per the amended plan, there were no changes in the treatment of classes of claims.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1263343 Alberta Inc. Americas 3D Helicopters Inc. Americas Air North Charter & Training Ltd. Americas Airco Aircraft Charters Ltd. Americas Aklak Air Ltd. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CHC Global Operations International Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 


>


CHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC.



















Canada Companies


Home
Companies
Prices
Contact
Login/Register
 
Companies CHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC.
CHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC.
Remove this company from out database
Business Summary

			 CHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC. is an Non-distributing corporation with 50 or fewer shareholders business incorporated in Canada registered under Canada Business Corporations Act - 2008-05-15. Their business is recorded as active. It is not part of a group. 
			 
Business informations

NameCHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC.
Identification number:6976956
-

TypeNon-distributing corporation with 50 or fewer shareholders
StatusActive
Governing LegislationCanada Business Corporations Act - 2008-05-15
Address4740 Agar DriveRichmond BC V7B 1A3Canada

*Our website contains only public informations on companies from Canada. The informations may not be up to date or accurate.
Key Financials

				Key Financials are not available as CHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC. has not filed accounts. Accounts are required to be filed on or before 20/09/2013.
			
Directors


Current Officer Name
BRIAN CLEGG  PAUL KING  

Company Accounts

Example
Login/RegisterAnd get access to real company information.

Annual AccountsDate Filed
Made up to 2012-09-312012-07-31
Made up to 2011-05-312011-05-31
Made up to 2011-03-312011-04-31


Company Documents

Example
Login/RegisterAnd get access to real company information.

Document TypeDate Filed
Annual Retur 2012-03-31
Change of registered office address 2011-08-31
Change of registered office address 2011-03-31
Return of Allotment of shares 2011-02-31
New Incorporation documents. 2010-01-31


Map









       Canadian dollar Exchange Rate  


Related companies

6647499 CANADA LIMITED
6647502 CANADA INC.
6647774 CANADA INC.
6649271 CANADA LIMITED
6649823 CANADA INC.
6650066 CANADA CORPORATION
6650252 CANADA INC.
6651763 CANADA LTD.
6651968 CANADA LIMITED

Disclaimer

			 The information provided on canada-companies-info.com is amalgamated from a variety of sources. We aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain. Our company checks are provided as a guideline. We advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein. canada-companies-info.com sources data in good faith that the content is accurate, and therefore cannot take any responsibility for the consequences of inaccuracies.
			 




6675069 CANADA INC.
6675115 CANADA INC.
6675379 CANADA INC.
6675484 CANADA CORPORATION
6675492 CANADA INC.
6676553 CANADA INC.
6718108 CANADA INCORPORATED
6721419 CANADA INC.
6721699 CANADA LTD.
6721711 CANADA LTD.
6722482 CANADA INC.
6722890 CANADA INC.


















 





CHC Global Operations International Inc. 6976956 - Canada Business Directory
























CHC Global Operations International Inc.


					Corporation Number: 6976956									

										Chc Global Operations International Inc. is a company governing under the Canada Business Corporations Act - 15 May 2008 (Thursday).
					It was incorporated
					 on 15 May 2008 (Thursday) 					in Canada
					and as of 21 October 2014 (Tuesday) is an inactive - discontinued company.
				





 




 


									Corporation Number								

									6976956								



									Corporate Name								

CHC Global Operations International Inc. 



									Governing Legislation								

									Canada Business Corporations Act15 May 2008 (Thursday)								



									Date of Registration								

									15 May 2008 (Thursday)								



									Registered Office Address								

									4740 Agar Drive
Richmond BC V7B 1A3
CANADA								



									Address Date								

									15 May 2008 (Thursday)								



									Status								

									Inactive - Discontinued								



									Status Date								

									21 October 2014 (Tuesday)								



									Date of Last AGM								

									31 October 2013 (Thursday)								



									Last Annual Filings Year								

									2014								



									Number of Directors								

									Minimum 1Maximum 10								




Corporation Type ChangesCanada Business Corporations ActFrom 31 December 1969 (Wednesday)To 31 December 1969 (Wednesday)
Annual MeetingsYear of Filing: 2014AGM Date 31 October 2013 (Thursday)Year of Filing: 2013AGM Date 29 October 2012 (Monday)Year of Filing: 2012AGM Date 28 September 2011 (Wednesday)
Lodgement ActivitiesIncorporation15 May 2008 (Thursday)Discontinuance21 October 2014 (Tuesday)
Previously Known AsCorporate NameCHC Global Operations International Inc.From 15 May 2008 (Thursday)To Present
Address HistoryFrom 31 December 1969 (Wednesday)4740 Agar DriveRichmond BC V7B 1A3Canada






























Canada Company Search










SIMILIAR NAME 3 other registered companies

CHC Capital Limited CHC LIFE FOUNDATION CHC HELICOPTERS CANADA INC.  


ALSO REGISTERED ON 15 MAY 2008 87 other companies

4473001 CANADA INC. VML 6Sigma Staffing Inc. SCHIZZO INC. 6969950 CANADA INC. Anikean Inc. Desjardins Stones and Bricks Limited 6975925 CANADA INC. JETN International Inc. Vivu Systems, INC. TrimClaw Limited Nicolas Savard Immobilier Ltée  


ALSO REGISTERED AT "V7B 1A3"18 other companies

VIKING HELICOPTERS LIMITED CHC HELICOPTER CORPORATION HELI-ONE INC. CHC Global Operations Canada Inc. CHC Helicopters International Inc. 4357825 Canada Inc. CHC HELICOPTER HOLDINGS LIMITED 4083423 CANADA INC. CHC GLOBAL OPERATIONS (2008) INC. CHC Helicopter Corporation Heli-One Canada Inc.  









Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.


 


Reference Number: 533158.
Canada Business Directory - Information about CHC Global Operations International Inc. is populated and aggregated from various sources.
					These information on our directory are provided for your information and references only, these information may have since changed since our last update. We however strive to keep these information as current as possible.
					If any incorrect data is found, please contact us at hello@can1business.com with your company's email address, and we will get back to you shortly.
					Also, if you would like to include your company contact details of your company profile on our directory, feel free to contact us at the email address mentioned.
					

CAN1 Business is a part of a growing network of business directory providing data of businesses and companies operating in Canada completely free of charge.
					Our network and data is constantly growing. Our spider is always working, continously crawling the internet to populate information which we hope you may find them useful.
					Crawled data are aggregated, sorted, filtered and made available over this or any of the website within our network.
					Canada Business Directory is hosted on DigitalOcean.
				


 Singapore Business Directory


 Hong Kong Business Directory


 United Kingdom Business Directory


 Australia Business Directory


 New Zealand Business Directory


 Malaysia Business Directory


 Norway Business Directory


 Canada Business Directory






Information generated in 0.066 seconds

 
 












Senior Leaders - CHC Helicopter
























Menu

Flight Schedule





Who We Are

Our Strategy

Our Team

News
Senior Leaders
				
History

Community Involvement





CHC Leadership Team

Global Corporate Leadership

Karl S. FessendenPresident and Chief Executive Officer


Mr. Fessenden was named president and chief executive officer of CHC Helicopter and a board member of its parent company, CHC Group, in February 2015.  He came to CHC from GE, where over 20 years he amassed a track record of strong leadership in building industrial-services businesses, as well as process discipline around resource and capital allocation.  Mr. Fessenden successfully led multiple global-service business units at GE Energy and GE Aviation.  Most recently he directed GE’s integration of the Alstom power-generation business, the largest acquisition in GE’s history.  Prior to that, Mr. Fessenden managed GE’s $8 billion Power Generation Services unit, the largest industrial-services business at GE.  His background includes 15 years in the aviation sector with GE and Pratt & Whitney.




David BalevicSenior Vice President, Engineering & Operations

Mr. Balevic was appointed senior vice president, Engineering & Operations in May 2015, coming to CHC with 26 years of engineering leadership experience at General Electric. During his time at GE, Mr. Balevic held progressive roles in aviation, power generation and oil & gas. Before joining CHC, Mr. Balevic led engineering for the drilling and surface division at GE Oil & Gas.  There he was responsible for all aspects of technology development, new product design, requisition engineering, field support, and customer technical engagement. Mr. Balevic holds a Master’s of Science in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Cincinnati and a Bachelor’s of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Clarkson University.  
Anthony DiNotaPresident, Heli-One




Mr. DiNota joined CHC in April 2014, with 30 years of rotary- and fixed-wing aviation experience.  Previously he was chief commercial officer for Airbus Helicopters, leading a $500 million business and substantial increases in aircraft sales, customer satisfaction and services sales revenue. Mr. DiNota served as president and chief operating officer of Omniflight Helicopters, a privately held air medical services company.  He was COO at Atlantic Southeast Airlines, a $1.3 billion subsidiary of Delta Air Lines.   During 17 years with Delta, Mr. DiNota also managed several other functions, including aircraft turbine engine maintenance.  A graduate of Shorter College (master’s degree, business administration) and Thomas Edison State College (bachelor’s degree, aviation), in April 2014 he completed a two-year membership on the board of MedEvac Foundation International. 





Lee EckertSenior Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Eckert joined CHC in May 2015 and now serves as senior vice president, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Before joining CHC, Mr. Eckert, served as chief financial officer of the U.S. division of National Grid Plc from June 2011 to September 2014.  Prior to National Grid, Mr. Eckert held senior finance and operating leadership positions at MeadWestvaco Corp. and Electronic Data Systems (EDS). He started his business career at GE where he spent 15 years working in a variety of management positions across several business units. Mr. Eckert also served as a member of GE’s Corporate Audit Staff. An alumnus of Indiana University, he is Six Sigma “green belt” certified and a graduate of GE’s Financial Management Program.




Paul KingSenior Vice President, Chief Information Officer


Mr. King was appointed senior vice president and chief information officer in 2010, three years after joining CHC as director of information systems. He also served as CHC’s director of global information technology and led a Global Operations project to redesign and build the data center and all related IT services for a partner company. Mr. King’s 20 years of information-technology leadership include 12 years in the biotechnology field with Inex Pharmaceuticals and QLT Inc. Mr. King holds a master’s degree in information technology from the University of Liverpool.




David LisabethSenior Vice President, Human Resources


Mr. Lisabeth joined CHC in May 2015, bringing with him a deep expertise in global leadership. He began his career in General Electric’s Human Resources Leadership program and later progressed through multiple HR leadership roles with GE’s energy, financial services, appliances, and aviation segments.  Most recently Mr. Lisabeth was the senior human resources leader for GE’s Oil & Gas Supply Chain where he was responsible for overall HR leadership for the global manufacturing and sourcing organizations covering more than 100 facilities and 15,000 employees. Mr. Lisabeth holds a Bachelor of Science from Wayne State University and a master’s degree in psychology from Xavier University.

Barry ParsonsSenior Vice President, CHC Global Sales


Mr. Parsons joined CHC in July 2015 as senior vice president, CHC Global Sales. Before joining CHC, Mr. Parsons served as vice president, Sales with responsibility for the global drilling division of Schlumberger. During his 19 year career at Schlumberger, Mr. Parsons progressed through a series of sales and operational roles based in the U.S., Canada, Norway, France and Australia. As marketing manager for the Australasia region, Mr. Parsons integrated all 16 Schlumberger service lines in Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and East Timor. In previous roles, he led Schlumberger’s onshore drilling business in the U.S., managed sales teams across the Europe-Africa-Caspian region based in Paris and led the sales team across U.K., Norway, Denmark and the Netherlands based in Stavanger.

Duncan TrappVice President, Safety & Quality


Mr. Trapp was named vice president of safety and quality for CHC Helicopter in 2011, bringing an extensive record of executive-level leadership in safety, policy and aviation to the post. In this role, he reports directly to CHC President and CEO Karl Fessenden and is the executive responsible for the company’s strategic and operational safety profile. Mr. Trapp joined CHC in 2007, as the accident prevention and flight safety programme manager for all U.K. operations. He progressed through a series of European safety leadership appointments before being named to his current global post. Prior to joining CHC, Mr. Trapp served as a squadron commander in the U.K.’s Royal Air Force and a policy and defence relations officer. He is a trained accident investigator, an accomplished aviator, and a qualified Crew Resource Management instructor. Mr. Trapp holds a Master's degree in Defence Studies from King’s College in London.



Hooman YazhariGeneral Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer


Mr. Yazhari joined CHC in March 2015 with more than a decade of experience as an executive in aviation, most recently as senior vice president and general counsel of International Lease Finance Corporation.  He also served in leadership roles for Gategroup, an aviation product and service provider.  Mr. Yazhari began his career as a solicitor in the London and Tokyo offices of Linklaters; practiced at Chadbourne & Parke; and was a founding director, general counsel and managing director of EM Health Limited.  He obtained his law degree from Oxford University and master of laws from the London School of Economics.  Mr. Yazhari is a co-founder of Beyond Capital Fund, a venture philanthropy investment fund focused on social enterprises throughout India and East Africa.


Chris KrajewskiDirector, Special Projects & Restructuring


Mr. Krajewski joined CHC in 1994 after having served as an officer in the Royal Netherlands Air Force in various operational and instructive positions. Mr. Krajewski began his career at CHC as manager for the U.N. Somalia operation before moving on to become U.N. operations manager and manager of Base Operations. In 1998, he joined the Commercial Department as commercial manager, followed by the appointment to vice president, Business Development in 2000. After further consolidation of CHC’s global flying divisions in 2004, he held the vice president, Business Operations position until 2009, followed by the appointment to vice president, Commercial. In 2012, Mr. Krajewski became the regional director for CHC's former Africa Euro Asia region. Most recently Chris as served as the visiting executive in both the Latin American and Asia Pacific regions to guide the transition of key leadership roles.

Regional Leadership
Mark AbbeyRegional Director, Europe, Middle East, Africa (EMEA)


In 2012, Mr. Abbey joined CHC as regional director for the Western North Sea business (now EMEA). Mr. Abbey has 35 years of aerospace and aviation experience. He came to CHC after a 16-year career with Hampson Aerospace PLC where he held a number of executive roles including group managing director of global assembly and fabrication operations. His experience spans the U.S., Europe, India and China. Previously, Mr. Abbey worked with BAE Systems Plc for 16 years, managing at an executive level a number of aircraft production and operational facilities, including the Hawk Jet Trainer and RJ146 assemble operations. Mark is a qualified flight line engineer and studied at both Hull and Leeds University.

Vincent D'RozarioRegional Director, Asia Pacific (APAC)


Mr. D’Rozario joined CHC as Regional Director for the Asia Pacific business in January 2017. Prior to joining CHC, he served as Vice President - Asia at Jacobs Engineering since 2013, procuring and leading projects across the region in support of oil and gas customers. Mr. D’Rozario has an Electrical Engineering degree from the University of Victoria and started his career as an Electrical Engineer working on a variety of oil and gas projects. He has more than 20 years’ experience in the energy engineering sector, having worked at  Aker Kvaerner on multiple Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) projects and Global Process Systems as Asia Pacific Regional Director and General Manager in both Singapore and Indonesia.

Marcelo Luiz da Silva SoaresRegional Director, Latin America (LAM)


Mr. Soares joined CHC in 2016 as the regional director for Latin America, coming to CHC following a lengthy career in various leadership and corporate executive roles in the aviation, oil and gas, and energy industries. Prior to joining CHC, he served for two years as President and CEO of Tecsis, a Brazilian-based manufacturing company for wind power blades. Before that, Mr. Soares worked with GE for 35 years in a number of roles within GE affiliate organization both in and outside of Brazil, including as President and CEO of CELMA (purchased by GE Aviation). Following that, he was the Latin America President and CEO for GE’s Energy business – a position he held for three years where he held responsibility over 16 countries and 10,000 employees with a $7 billion portfolio. He also worked with GE WELLSTREAM as the CEO, running manufacturing sites in Brazil and Newcastle, United Kingdom. 

Arne RolandRegional Director, Nordic Countries, Eastern Europe, Caspian and Canada (NECC)


Mr. Roland joined CHC in 2012 as the regional director for Eastern North Sea (now NECC). Mr. Roland joined CHC with over 20 years of experience working for leading oil service companies. His previous role before joining CHC was as senior vice president of international operations in Kværner Verdal. His experience spans various leadership positions and international assignments, including as senior vice president and chief finance officer for the maintenance and modification division in Aker Solutions. Mr. Roland holds a master’s degree in business from Agder Regional College, Norway. He is also a Board Member of the Norwegian Employers Association for Aviation (NHO Luftfart). 

Board of Directors
Karl S. FessendenPresident and Chief Executive Officer
John Krenicki Jr.Chairman
John Krenicki Jr. is a partner in Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R). He joined CD&R in 2013 after a 29-year career at General Electric. Mr. Krenicki currently serves as chairman of the boards of Wilsonart International and The ServiceMaster Company and lead director of Brand Energy & Infrastructure Services Inc. He is a former vice chairman of GE and former president and chief executive officer of GE Energy. His responsibilities at GE included oversight of the company’s oil-and-gas, power-and-water and energy-management businesses. Mr. Krenicki held a number of additional leadership roles with GE, including president and CEO of both GE Plastics and GE Transportation Systems and a director of GE Capital. He holds a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Connecticut and master’s of science in management from Purdue University.
John McKenna
John McKenna is managing director of Miller Buckfire & Co., an investment bank and advisory firm. From 1991-1998, Mr. McKenna progressed through multiple roles at global investment bank, Houlihan Lokey, Inc. before joining Wasserstein Perella & Co. in 1998. Mr. McKenna returned to Houlihan Lokey, Inc. in 1999 and served until 2006, becoming managing director. Mr. McKenna has also served on the board of directors at US Airways Group, where he was a member of the audit committee, Haights Cross Communications, Inc., and Gate Gourmet Group Holdings LLC. Mr. McKenna holds a bachelor’s degree in Government and Economics from Claremont McKenna College.
William G. Schrader
William. G. Schrader is the former chief operating officer of TNK-BP, an oil-and-gas company operating in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, where he oversaw upstream and downstream gas and power operations and numerous critical support functions. Mr. Schrader also held senior leadership positions at BP plc and the Azerbaijan International Operating Company. He serves on the boards of directors of Hess Corporation, Bahama Petroleum Company plc and Ophir Energy plc. Mr. Schrader holds a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Cincinnati, and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Houston.
Nathan K. Sleeper
Nathan K. Sleeper is a partner of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R). He has significant financial and investment experience from his involvement in CD&R’s investments in numerous portfolio companies, and has played active roles in overseeing those businesses. Prior to joining CD&R in 2000, Mr. Sleeper worked in the investment banking division of Goldman, Sachs & Co. and at investment firm Tiger Management Corp. He serves as a director of Brand Energy and Infrastructure Holdings Inc., Wilsonart International Holdings LLC, Roofing Supply Group LLC, Hussmann Parent Inc., Atkore International Group Inc., NCI Building System Inc. and US Foods Inc. Mr. Sleeper holds a bachelor of arts degree from Williams College and master’s in business administration from Harvard Business School.
Juan D. Vargas
Mr. Vargas is a Vice President of First Reserve Corporation (“First Reserve”). He joined First Reserve in 2007 as an Associate and returned to First Reserve as a Vice President in 2012 after earning his M.B.A. His responsibilities range from deal origination and structuring to due diligence, execution and monitoring, with particular focus on the equipment, manufacturing and services sectors. Prior to joining First Reserve, Mr. Vargas was an Analyst in the Financial Sponsors and Latin America Groups at Morgan Stanley. Mr. Vargas holds a B.B.A. from the University of Notre Dame and an M.B.A. from London Business School.
Robert C. Volpe
Robert C. Volpe is a principal in Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R), which he joined in 2008. Mr. Volpe played a key role in the CD&R’s acquisition of John Deere Landscapes, the largest wholesale distributor of landscaping products in North America. Prior to CD&R, Mr. Volpe worked in the investment banking division of Morgan Stanley. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Dartmouth College and earned a master’s degree in business administration from Harvard Business School.
William L. Transier
William L. Transier is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Transier Advisors, LLC and has a wealth of executive and board experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Transier served as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Endeavour International Corporation from October 2006 to December 2014 and also held the title of Co-Chief Executive Officer from February 2004 to October 2006. His Board experience includes serving as a member for Paragon Offshore PLC (where he serves presently,) Cal Dive International, and Reliant energy Inc. Mr. Transier graduated from the University of Texas with a Bachelor of Business Administration with honors in accounting and received his Masters in Business Administration from Regis University.






















 


