


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Small Group Tours, Expedition Tours - Collette Explorations





































 US




 AU
				



 CA
				



 UK
				












					Travel Packages







176
View All Tours




6
Africa Tours




1
Antarctica Tours




13
Asia Tours




6
Australia Tours




82
Europe Tours




65
North America Tours




5
South America Tours










					Travel Destinations







Africa




Antarctica




Asia




Australia




Europe




North America




South America










					Tour Styles







Classic
Enjoy a refined take on the art of group travel




Explorations
Experience true adventures on these Collette small group tours.




Faith
Set out on an inspiring journey on these faith-based travel experiences.




River Cruise
Explore the world’s most beautiful waterways




Spotlights
Come to know your destination during a single-hotel stay










					Travel Deals







					Why Guided Travel?







Guided Travel
Experience all the amazing benefits of guided travel with Collette.




Our Tour Managers
Meet the best trained, most knowledgeable and most entertaining tour guides in the business.




FAQs
Find travel tips, travel advice, and answers to some of the most commonly asked travel questions here.




Our Brochures
Hold the world in your hands with one of our beautiful travel brochures.




Group Travel
If you are traveling with a larger group of family and friends or are you putting together a trip for your organization, we are ready to help.




Videos
Watch as the world comes alive. Dive into our inspiring collection of travel videos and begin imagining your next adventure.




Mobile App
Enhance your tour with this easy to use mobile companion










					Travel Blog
























Email Sign Up & Save
Email Sign Up



Request Tour Brochure
Request Brochure





 Contact Us
		

|


 Find An Agent
		










 800.340.5158



 Contact Us
		



 Find An Agent
		



 Talk to an Expert
		





 US




 AU
				



 CA
				



 UK
				







































































Save $300pp* on all Explorations Small Group Tours




Let us be your guide for a deeper, more immersive travel experience. With an average of just 18 guests, Explorations tours enable you to take the road less traveled. On an Explorations tour you will:
	Meet local residents and make memories with home-hosted meals and hands-on cultural activities	Savor authentic culinary experiences including cooking classes and wine tastings	Enjoy boutique and unique accommodations that capture the spirit of the destination	Go off the beaten path on incredible adventures like snorkeling in the Galapagos or visiting an elephant orphanage in Sri Lanka
With our summer savings across all Explorations tours, all that's left to do is choose your tour!



Save $300 per person*

Use offer code: EXPLORE17
Book between 
June 12 - August 12, 2017 for savings





















Sorry, we didn't find any tours that matched your criteria.








Searching Tours...
Please wait while we retrieve the tours that match your criteria









Please Wait...
and get excited!
We are currently getting tour details you have selected.








×Close
Call Now
















*Savings are $300 per person off land rates for Explorations tours, for all bookings made 6/12/17 – 8/12/17. Offers can expire earlier due to space or inventory availability. Space is limited and booked on a first come, first served basis. Offers are not valid on group or existing bookings or combinable with any other offer, excluding member benefits. Other restrictions may apply; call for details.












×
Find a Travel Agency



Once you've found the perfect Collette tour, your local travel agent can assist you in making reservations. To find a preferred travel agent in your area, please enter your 5-digit zip code, then click Search.

Enter a Whole or Partial Zip Code





Search





Search within

5
10
25
50

miles



(Please note: entering a partial ZIP CODE will expand the search criteria and possibly return many results.)









Close

















How can we help you today?










Send








×Close
Request a Quote














Please fill out the form below, and a Collette Expert will contact you shortly.






First Name*



Last Name*





Email*



Phone Number*








Yes, I'm a Travel Professional



Yes, I am working with a Travel Professional






Submit
















×Close
Please tell us everything, we want it all!




We really value your feedback, please be open an honest.  Tell us where we can improve, how we can get better.  This feedback is anonymous, but if you would like us to get in touch with you regarding an issue provide your email address as part of your feedback and we will get right back to you.




What do you think?





How would you rate our site? (10 being the strongest)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10





Submit











×Close
Talk to an Expert




Please fill out the form below, and a Collette Expert will contact you shortly.






First Name*



Last Name*





Email*



Phone Number*








Yes, I'm a Travel Professional



Yes, I am working with a Travel Professional






Submit











Or






CLICK HERE FOR LIVE CHAT 



































×
Collette Newsletter: Sign Up & Save


Stay up-to-date on the latest travel news and special offers.


First Name*



Last Name*





Email*



Confirm Email*








Yes, I would like to receive email offers, travel tips and destination information.	                             




Close
Sign Up

















































CHC Leasing Ireland Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























chc leasing ireland ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Chc Leasing (Ireland) Ltd. is headquartered in Ireland. The Company invests commodity contracts, tax liens, and venture capital companies.




Corporate Information
Address:

The Boat House,  Bishop Street
Dublin, 8
Ireland


Phone:
353-1-407-0011


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Sale Purchase Agreement Between Chc Leasing (ireland) Limited - Purchase And Sale Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Purchase and Sale Agreement     > SALE PURCHASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Sale Purchase Agreement Between Chc Leasing (ireland) Limited
Purchase and Sale Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Purchase and Sale Agreement involves CAPITAL AVIATION SERVICES BV | CHC LEASING (IRELAND) LIMITED. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SALE PURCHASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited Date: 1/18/2012 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 10.4
 









 


  








 

SALE PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

BETWEEN

CHC Leasing (Ireland)
Limited

AND

EUROCOPTER

FOR THE SUPPLY OF

TWENTY
(20) FIR

M EC 225 HELICOPTERS AND FOUR
(4) OPTIONAL EC225

HELICOPTERS

WITH RELATED
SERVICES
 











 


  








 

SUMMARY
 











PREAMBLE


  


 



4


  




ARTICLE 1 – SCOPE, OPTIONS AND PRICING OF
THE CONTRACT


  


 



6


  




ARTICLE 2 – EXPORT/IMPORT
AUTHORIZATION


  


 



11


  




ARTICLE 3 – PAYMENT TERMS


  


 



12


  




ARTICLE 4 – DELIVERY TERMS


  


 



15


  




ARTICLE 5 – SUPPLY
MODIFICATIONS


  


 



17


  




ARTICLE 6 – PRODUCT QUALITY AND
AIRWORTHINESS DOCUMENTATION


  


 



19


  




ARTICLE 7 – ACCEPTANCE
PROCEDURE


  


 



20


  




ARTICLE 8 – WARRANTY


  


 



22


  




ARTICLE 9 – TRAINING


  


 



25


  




ARTICLE 10 – TECHNICAL
ASSISTANCE


  


 



27


  




ARTICLE 11 – TECHNICAL
DOCUMENTATION


  


 



28


  




ARTICLE 12 – INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY


  


 



28


  




ARTICLE 13 – APPLICABLE LAW AND
ARBITRATION


  


 



30


  




ARTICLE 14 – CONTRACTUAL
LIABILITY


  


 



31


  




ARTICLE 15 – MISCELLANEOUS


  


 



32


  




ARTICLE 16 – ENTRY INTO
FORCE


  


 



34


  




ARTICLE 17 – ***


  


 



35


  




ARTICLE 18 – SPECIAL
CONDITIONS


  


 



36


  




ARTICLE 19 – TAX AND
duties


  


 



37


  




ARTICLE 20 – REPRESENTATWNS AND
WARRANTIWOF THE BUYER


  


 



38


  




ARTICLE 21 – REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER


  


 



39


  




ARTICLE 22 – TERMINATION


  


 



40


  




 







ANNEXES

 




ANNEX 1 - HELICOPTER CONFIGURATION







ANNEX 2 - DELIVERIES







ANNEX 3 - CORRESPONDENCE







ANNEX 4 - MARKINGS







ANNEX 5 - CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMITY




 
2











 


  








 
 







ANNEX 6 - ***







ANNEX 7 - ***







ANNEX 8 - STORAGE CONDITIONS




 
3











 


  








 
PREAMBLE

THIS AGREEMENT
is made on September 13, 2011.
BETWEEN:
 



(1)


CHC LEASING
(IRELAND) LIMITED , a
company organized and existing under the laws of Ireland, whose
registered office is at Earisfort Court, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin
2, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as “the
Buyer”)



 



(2)


EUROCOPTER , a Société par Actions
Simplifiée registered in France, whose Siège Social
is at Aéroport International Marseille-Provence, 13725
Marignane Cedex, France (hereinafter referred to as “the
Seller”).




Seller and Buyer also referred to as
“Party” or “Parties”

RECITALS :

Whereas the Parties have already
entered into several agreements and a framework agreement amended
from time to time, for the sale and purchase of twenty four
(24) EC 225 helicopters with given configuration and a
specific set of conditions.

Whereas the Parties are willing to
enter into a new multiyear contract for the supply of additional
twenty (20) firm Helicopters and several Option Helicopters
for delivery from February 2012 through —
May 2016 and associated services,
under new conditions.

Whereas the Seller has agreed to
procure, manufacture and test the helicopters in Marignane (France)
and supply the Services in accordance with the provisions of this
Contract.

Whereas the Buyer has agreed to
purchase the Helicopters on the term and conditions hereof and has
agreed to pay the Contract Price to the Seller at the times and in
the manner provided in this Contract.

Whereas each of the Buyer and the
Seller has agreed to carry out and fulfil all of the other
obligations imposed on them respectively under this
Contract.

IT IS AGREED
:

Definitions
: In this Contract (including the
Recitals, Annexes and any schedules or appendices), unless the
context otherwise requires:

“ Acceptance ”
means:
 



 


a.


in respect of
any Supplies, the signature of the Acceptance Certificate for that
Deliverable by the Buyer; and



 



 


b.


in respect of
any Services, notice of completion of those Services issued by the
Seller, and “ Accept ” and “
Accepted ” are to be construed accordingly;



 
4











 


  








 

“ Acceptance
Certificate ” means, in respect of any Supplies, the
certificate signed on behalf of the Buyer acknowledging that the
Deliverable has successfully passed all Acceptance
Tests;

“ Acceptance Test
” means the inspection and/or testing of an EC225 as per
Article 7, to ensure that it complies with the Specification of
Annex 1;

“ Certificate of
Conformance ” or “ Certificate of Conformity
” means the product release documentation that certifies the
item is manufactured in accordance with the original equipment
manufacturer’s specification and any other applicable
specifications and standards and in the form as set out in Annex 5
to this Contract; Services shall be subject to Certificate of
Completion.

“ Coface ” means
Coface, a limited company whose head office is located at 12, Cours
Michelet — La Defense 10 — 92800 Puteaux or any
successor or subsidiary therof;

“ Contract ”
means this contract between the Buyer and the Seller and includes
all schedules, annexes, appendices and other attachments to this
contract;

“ Contract Effective
Date ” or “ CED ” means the date on
which all the conditions subsequent referred to in Article 15 have
been satisfied;

“ Contract Price
” means the aggregate amount payable by the Buyer to the
Seller under this Contract for the Deliverables;

“ Deliverables ”
means the Supplies and the Services; and Deliverable means any one
of them;

“ Delivery Date ”
means the date or dates on which the respective items comprising
the Supplies are put at the Buyer’s disposal subject to the
fulfilment of the prerequisites as defined in Article
7.5;

“ EC 225 ” or
“Helicopters” means the twenty Eurocopter EC225
helicopters, each in the configuration and according to Technical
Specification as described in Annex 1, firmly purchased by the
Buyer under this Contract or the Prior Contracts, as
applicable;

“ Initial Delivery Date
” means the date in respect of each Helicopter or Optional
Helicopter as set out in Annex 2, as amended from time to
time.

“ Option Helicopters
” means the optional Eurocopter EC225 helicopters each in the
configuration and according to Technical Specification as described
in Annex 1, that may be purchased by the Buyer under this Contract,
in accordance with Article 1.2;

“ Prior Contracts
” means the three agreements between Heli-One Canada Inc. and
the Seller known as Amendment No HLO 25.00, Amendment No HLO 26.00
and Amendment No HLO 29.00, each an amendment to the Contract No
45493/2007 signed
 
5











 


  








 

on March 1, 2007 and dated
December 22, 2010, December 22, 2010 and
June 28, 2011, respectively and having as their subject matter
Helicopters described as HLO 25, HLO 26 and HLO 29.

“ Right of First Refusal
Helicopters ” or “ RFR Helicopters ”
means the Eurocopter EC225 helicopters each in the configuration
and according to Technical Specification as described in Annex 1,
that may be purchased by the Buyer under this Contract, in
accordance with Article 1.2

“ Parts ” means
sub-components to the Helicopter or Option Helicopter

***;

“ Seller Option Price
List ” means the Seller’s regular list of prices
for optional equipment other than those listed in Article
1.3.5.

“ Services ”
means the Training and the Technical Assistance, to be provided by
the Seller to the Buyer as per Article 9 and 10 of this
Contract;

“ Specification ”
or “ Technical Specification ” means the
specifications for the Contract Deliverables as described in
Annex 1 ;

“ Supplies ”
means the Helicopters, Optional Helicopters, RFR Helicopters and
Technical Documentation to be provided by the Seller to the Buyer
as listed in Annex 1 and Article 11 of this Contract

“ Technical Assistance
” means the technical assistance described in Article 10 to
be provided by the Seller to the Buyer;

“ Technical
Documentation ” means the technical documentation
described in Article 11 to be provided by the Seller to the Buyer.
The set of Services Bulletins excludes the service bulletins made
for specific kits, optional equipment, retrofit, equipment to be
fitted on the Helicopter under Buyer’s
modifications;

“ Training ”
means the training courses described in Article 9 which are to be
provided by the Seller to the Buyer.

ARTICLE 1 – SCOPE, OPTIONS
AND PRICING OF THE CONTRACT
 



1.1.


SUPPLIES
AND SERVICES




The Seller commits to sell and the
Buyer commits to buy subject to the provisions of Article 22, the
Helicopters, except as specifically agreed upon between the Parties
at the time when each Delivery Date is confirmed pursuant to
Article 4.3, and subject to price modification pursuant to Article
1.3.6, together with Technical Documentation (described in Article
11), the Technical Assistance (described in Article 10) and
Training (described in Article 9).
 
6











 


  








 
 



1.2.


OPTION
HELICOPTERS AND RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL
HELICOPTERS




The Seller hereby grants to the
Buyer the right to purchase up to four (4) additional EC 225
helicopters each in the configuration and according to Technical
Specification as described in Annex 1 (the “Option
Helicopters”) under the following conditions:

Option exercise: for each one of the
Option Helicopters, the Buyer will confirm its exercise in writing
to the Seller at least eighteen (18) months before the
proposed delivery date and then, following such notice, this
Contract will be amended accordingly.
 



 


•


 


If written notice is not sent
within this time the relevant Option will be considered as not
exercised and expired, the Buyer losing the benefit of the
deposited funds. For clarity, if notice is provided to the Seller
at least eighteen (18) months before the proposed delivery
date that the Buyer does not wish to exercise the Option, the
deposit funds will be refunded to the Buyer or applied to a future
delivery (to be mutually agreed).



 



 


•


 


Configuration: same as described
in Annex 1 except as specifically agreed upon between the Parties
at the date of each Option exercise.



 



 


•


 


Option cost: the cost of each
Option is set at EUR ***



 



 


•


 


Price: unit price of each Option
Helicopter will be as indicated in Article 1.3



 



 


•


 


Payment conditions: as per
Article 3.2.2



 



 


•


 


Delivery Dates as per Article
4.3




And

The Seller hereby grants to the
Buyer a right of first refusal to purchase additional EC 225
helicopters (RFR Helicopters) under the following
conditions:
 



 


•


 


The Seller, along the duration of
this Contract, if production slots become available (i.e.
cancelation from another customer) is obligated to request in
writing to the Buyer to exercise a right of first refusal. If the
Buyer wants to confirm the Helicopter and its delivery date, the
Buyer shall send to the Seller a preliminary written confirmation
notice within the following five (5) business days, and then
the Parties shall sign the corresponding Purchase Amendment as soon
as practical thereafter.



 
7











 


  








 
 



 


•


 


If preliminary written notice is
not sent back by the Buyer within the following five
(5) business days , the right of first refusal will be
considered as not exercised and expired,



 



 


•


 


Configuration: same as described
in Annex 1 except as specifically agreed upon between the Parties
at the date of each RFR exercise.



 



 


•


 


Price: unit price of each
Helicopter will be as indicated in Article 1.3



 



 


•


 


Payment conditions: as per
Article 3.2.2




Notwithstanding the above, should
The Seller have additional helicopters within the Delivery
timeframe of this Contract and should The Buyer have some interest
in purchasing such additional Option, the same conditions will
prevail.

For each Option Helicopter or RFR
Helicopter exercised, the buyer may perform a Firm/Option Swap. In
this event, the buyer may elect to designate one of the remaining
firm deliveries as an Option Helicopter. This delivery would from
that point on be treated as an Option Helicopter, with all the
rights and obligation of an Option, and not as a Firm
Delivery.

In the event the firm delivery
helicopter being designated as an Option has a deposit balance in
excess of the required Option payment, the excess balance will be
transferred to the RFR Helicopter being exercised.
 



1.3.


PRICES



 



1.3.1.


Prices




All prices in this Contract
are:
 



 


(i)


in Euro (EUR)
currency.



 



 


(ii)


discounted
prices, meaning they already reflect Buyer’s special
conditions application.



 



 


(iii)


inclusive of
all charges and taxes, including without limitation VAT, attendant
to the manufacture of the Supplies.



 



 


(iv)


exclusive of any charges
resulting from administrative and legislative regulations in force
in the Buyer’s country and of any customs and duty charges,
which are the Buyer’s responsibility. For this, the Buyer
will produce reasonable proof promptly after signature that the
Supplies are exempted from any taxes, duties, levies or charges of
any sort due to Buyer’s country regulations and grants that
should such taxes, duties, levies or charges become due, they will
be paid by the Buyer or reimbursed immediately to the Seller. The
Seller shall communicate to



 
8











 


  








 



 


the Buyer of
any liability for any such charges with sufficient advanced notice
to ensure that the Buyer or Seller is able to plan to minimize or
avoid such charges, as allowable by law.




In the event that the Contract does
not enter into force as per Article 16 within four (4) weeks
of the Contract signature date, then the prices set out in Article
1 hereto shall be actualized at the prevailing economic conditions,
reckoned from the signature date. The delivery times of the
products shall be adjusted to the delivery dates the Seller is then
able to offer.
 



1.3.2.


Prices
Modification




Prices refer to the Deliverables
explicitly mentioned in this Contract. Any configuration changes
and/or additional Deliverables to be provided by the Seller must be
previously agreed upon in writing and shall be subject to an
amendment to the Contract, setting forth any changes in the price
and/or delivery.

In case of change to the
configuration of a Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter
requested by the Buyer, the Seller agrees that the price for any
additional equipment, other than that listed in Article 1.3.5 of
this Contract, added to the Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR
Helicopter shall be no greater than the Seller’s regular list
price for such equipment less a discount of ***% (***
percent).
 



1.3.3.


Price
escalation




For the purposes of Article 3
(Payment), Article 4.3 (Changes in Delivery Schedule), and for the
purpose of budgeting the procurement of the Helicopters, the unit
Helicopter prices will be based on a 2012 helicopter delivery
reference price of *** Euro.

For deliveries of Helicopters in
2013 and subsequent years and in the event of confirmation of the
Option Helicopters, the price of such Helicopters would be
confirmed by the Seller, ***.

For clarity, the Helicopter prices
will be:

Helicopters delivered in year
2012:

*** EUR

Helicopters delivered in year
2013:

*** EUR x (lower of 3% and French
Euro Zone Consumer Price Index + 1.5%)

Helicopters delivered in year
2014:

2013 delivery price x (lower of 3%
and French Euro ZOne Consumer Price Index + 1.5%)
 
9











 


  








 

Helicopters delivered in year
2015:

2014 delivery price x (lower of 3%
and French Euro Zone Consumer Price Index + 1.5%)

Helicopters delivered in year
2016:

2015 delivery price x (lower of 3%
and French Euro Zone Consumer Price Index + 1.5%)
 



1.3.4.


Contract
Price



 













 


  



QTY


  



TOTAL
PRICE IN
EUR


 




EC 225 Firm Equipped Helicopters Ex-works
Marignane (France)


  



20


  


 



***


M€ 




As per Technical Configuration in Annex
1


  



  







EC 225 Option Helicopters


  



4


  


 



***


M€ 





  



 



  



 




 



 




Training (as per Article 9)


  



  


 



***


  




Technical Assistance (as per Article
10)


  



  


 



***


  




Technical Documentation (as per Article
11)


  



  


 



***


  




Manufacturer Financing support (as per Article
17 and Annex 6)


  



  


 



***


  





  



  



 




 



 




CONTRACT PRICE (assuming 3% escalation
applies) ***


  



  


 



***


M€ 




 



1.3.5.


Additional Optional Equipment
Pricing




At the Buyer’s request, the
Seller shall install on any Helicopter, Optional Helicopter or RFR
Helicopter such additional optional equipment as Seller makes
available for such helicopters in the ordinary course of its
business, including without limitation, any or all of the
additional optional equipment listed below at the prices set out.
Any other additional optional equipment not listed below shall be
priced in accordance with the provisions of Article
1.3.2.
 














Reference



  



DESIGNATION


  



Discounted
Unit  Price
2012


 




05-42021-00-RP2


  


Air conditioning system - Removable Parts
2

(cockpit power unit)


  


 



***


€ 




05-50001-00-CI


  


Installation
for flight in icing conditions


  


 



***


€ 




05-81004-00-RP


  


Additional
Energy Absorbing pod fuel tanks - Removable parts


  


 



***


€ 




07-60009-00-RP


  


Luggage
compartment in pod – Removable parts


  


 



***


€ 




06-27013-00-RP


  


Cargo sling
with dynamometer 3,8 Tons - Removable parts


  


 



***


€ 




 
10











 


  








 
 














Reference



  



DESIGNATION


  



Discounted
Unit  Price
2012


 




06-26006-00-RP


  


External
mirrors - Removable parts


  


 



***


€ 




06-21015-00-RP


  


Goodrich 28V
electrical hoist (290ft, 6001b) - Removable parts


  


 



***


€ 




08-44052-01-CI


  


Dual FMS and
Dual GPS installation


  


 



***


€ 




08-10016-00-CI


  


Collins -
HF9X00 HF/SSB


  


 



***


€ 





The Buyer shall notify to the Seller
its wish to install any additional optional equipment on a
Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter no later than
eighteen (18) months prior to the Initial Delivery Date for
such Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter as set out in
Annex 2.

Even if the Buyer has selected not
to install any additional optional equipment, each Helicopter,
Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter shall be delivered with all
necessary documentation in order to install the following Optional
Equipments: Cargo sling, Hoist, Additional Energy Absorbing pod
fuel tanks, luggage compartment in pod.
 



1.3.6.


Additional Services Pricing




At the Buyer’s request, the
Seller shall provide additional services associated with the
delivery of any Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter in
order to prepare for shipment or ferry the Helicopter, Option
Helicopter or RFR Helicopter to the location specified by the
Buyer.
 














Reference


  



DESIGNATION


  



Unit Price

2012


 





FF


  


Ferry flight to Stavenger or Aberdeen by
Seller’s crew


  


 



***


€ 





PACK


  


Preparation and packaging for air or sea
freight


  


 



***


€ 





Specific ferry to other destinations
or arrangements for transportation can be quoted upon request by
the Buyer.

All prices referred in 1.3.5 and
1.3.6 are for deliveries made in 2012. Prices for additional
optional equipment or services in connection with deliveries in
subsequent years shall be escalated following the same rules as
defined in 1.3.3.

ARTICLE 2 – EXPORT/IMPORT
AUTHORIZATION

All Deliverables may be subject to
export laws and regulations including French regulations and
foreign government regulations, and the Parties acknowledge that
deviation from such regulations is prohibited.

The Seller will perform all
necessary and appropriate procedures for obtaining official
licenses (export licenses) for the Supplies. The Buyer agrees to
provide any assistance or documentation or certificate requested by
the Seller to obtain the necessary licenses or to ensure compliance
with applicable regulations.
 
11











 


  








 
The Seller shall not be liable for any damages
or losses, whether direct or indirect, incurred by the Buyer if any
of such necessary licenses are not granted or are granted with
delay or if a license that has been granted is revoked. The Buyer
shall have no obligation to purchase any Helicopter, Option
Helicopter or RFR Helicopter for which the necessary licence has
not been issued or has been revoked prior to delivery and shall not
be liable for any damages or losses, whether direct or indirect,
incurred by the Seller as a result thereof.

The Buyer shall obtain in due time
any import license required in its country for the
Supplies.

In case governmental regulations do
not authorize the Buyer to operate any of the Helicopters or
Optional Helicopters in its intended areas, this will not be
considered as default from the Seller and neither will it be a
ground for terminating the Contract in part or in whole.

ARTICLE 3 – PAYMENT
TERMS
 



3.1.


GENERAL




All payments to the Seller will be
done through bank transfer to the following bank
account:

BANQUE
NATEXIS

408 Avenue du Prado

13295 - MARSEILLE CEDER
08

Account name: ***

IBAN: ***

SWIFT code: BANQUE NATIXIS
NATXFRPPXXX

Notwithstanding the provisions of
Article 16, all down-payment and progress payments will not be
refundable.
 



3.2.


PAYMENTS



 



3.2.1.


For the
Helicopters :




Down
payment

On the 28th day of September, 2011
the Buyer shall pay to the Seller as an initial down-payment the
sum of EUR *** (being EUR*** per Helicopter less EUR*** per each of
the Helicopters that are the subject of the Prior Contracts)),
against presentation by the Seller of a Proforma invoice for the
corresponding amounts.
 
12











 


  








 

Progress
payments

Twenty Four (24) months prior
to the Delivery Date of each Helicopter, the Buyer shall pay a
progress payment of *** (***%) of the price of each
Helicopter as defined in Article 1.3 less EUR*** per Helicopter
against presentation by the Seller of a Proforma invoice for the
corresponding amount.

Eighteen (18) months prior to
the Delivery Date of each Helicopter, the Buyer shall pay a further
progress payment of *** (***%) of the price of each
Helicopter as defined in Article 1.3 against presentation by the
Seller of a Proforma invoice for the corresponding
amount.

Nine (9) months prior to the
Delivery Date of each Helicopter, the Buyer shall pay a further
progress payment of *** (***%) based on the price of each
Helicopter as defined in Article 1.3 against presentation by the
Seller of a Proforma invoice for the corresponding
amount.

Balance
payment

The Buyer shall pay to the Seller
the balance of the Helicopter price, less ***, if any, during the
Acceptance phase and prior to the transfer of ownership. Payment
shall be executed against presentation by the Seller of:
 



 


•


 


Commercial invoice for the
corresponding amount, and



 



 


•


 


Xerox copy of Certificate of
Conformity for the helicopters and optional equipment installed
therein.



 



3.2.2.


For the
Option Helicopters :




Option Fee

On the 28th day of September, 2011,
the Buyer shall pay to the Seller the sum of EUR *** (being EUR***
per Option Helicopter) as an option fee, against presentation by
the Seller of a Proforma invoice for the corresponding
amounts.

Progress
payments

Eighteen (18) months prior to
the Initial Delivery Date of each Option Helicopter in respect of
which the Buyer has exercised its option, the Buyer shall pay a
progress payment of *** percent (***%) of the price of each
Option Helicopter as defined in Article 1.3 less the option fee
attributable to such aircraft against presentation by the Seller of
a Proforma invoice for the corresponding amounts.

Nine (9) months prior to the
Delivery Date of each Option Helicopter, the Buyer shall pay a
further progress payment of *** percent (***%) of the price
of each Option Helicopter as defined in Article 1.3 against
presentation by the Seller of a Proforma invoice for the
corresponding amount.
 
13











 


  








 

Balance
payment

The Buyer shall pay to the Seller
the balance of the Option Helicopter price, less ***, if any,
during the Acceptance phase and prior to the transfer of ownership.
Payment shall be executed against presentation by the Seller
of
 



 


•


 


Commercial invoice for the
corresponding amount, and



 



 


•


 


Xerox copy of Certificate of
Conformity for the Option Helicopter and optional equipment
installed therein.



 



3.3.


Reallocation of Payments




The Seller agrees to allocate down
payments or progress payments to those Helicopters and Option
Helicopters as may be requested from time to time by Buyer in
connection with Buyer’s financing of such Helicopters and
Option Helicopters, provided that in all cases the aggregate amount
of all down payments and progress payments paid by the Buyer shall
not be less than the aggregate amount of down payments and progress
payments required to be paid hereunder.
 



3.4.


***



 
14











 


  








 
ARTICLE 4 – DELIVERY TERMS
 



4.1.


GENERAL




The Seller’s and the
Buyer’s respective obligations for delivery of the Supplies
and Services shall be according to INCOTERM 2010 (ICC issue N °
715EF).

All Supplies and Services shall be
delivered Ex-Works the Seller’s factory in Marignane, France,
excluding Training and Technical Assistance, which shall be
delivered in accordance with Article 9 and 10.

The Supplies will remain insured by
the Seller against all risk of damage and fire up to the time of
execution and delivery of the Acceptance Certificate according to
Article 7 hereof.
 



4.2.


RELAYS



 



4.2.1.


Force
Majeure




The Seller shall not be held
responsible for failure to perform or delay in performing any of
the contractual obligations of this Contract if such failure or
delay is due to unforeseeable events beyond its reasonable control,
including but not limited to, acts of God, war, insurrection,
epidemics, sabotage shortages of labour, other than those resulting
from labour disputes, strikes or lock-outs, interruption or delays
in transportation, fire, explosion, acts, orders, restrictions or
priorities of any Government agency preventing the Seller to
perform its obligations under the Contract (each a “Force
Majeure” event).

The Seller shall notify the Buyer
about the occurrence of any event of Force Majeure within a
reasonable time after the commencement thereof, citing this section
in said notice. In such a case, the contractual delivery dates
shall be extended by any reasonable period of time required for
removing the causes of the delay.

If due to governmental action the
export to the Buyer of the Helicopters or part of the Option
Helicopters or substantial part thereof is not authorized, this
situation is recognized expressly by the parties as a case of Force
Majeure and the Buyer agrees that it will hold the Seller harmless
and will waive any claim for any damage that may result therefrom
except for the repayment to the Buyer of any corresponding portion
of the Contract Price.
 



4.2.2.


Delays by
the Seller




If the actual Delivery Date for any
Helicopter or Option Helicopter occurs after the date agreed by the
Parties and a further grace period of thirty (30) days for
reasons other than a Force Majeure Event or delay caused by the
Buyer, the Seller shall pay to the Buyer as liquidated damages the
equivalent to the capital cost, charged at a rate of 12% per
annum of all sums already paid per delayed Helicopter or Option
Helicopter for the time between the end of the grace period and the
actual Delivery Date.
 
15











 


  








 

Without prejudice to any other
rights of the Buyer under this Contract, the payment of the
liquidated damages as stipulated above shall be full and final
satisfaction of all claims arising directly or indirectly out of
any delays by the Seller.

Should the Seller fail to have the
Helicopter or Option Helicopter available for sale to the Buyer
within three (3) months of the contracted date agreed by all
parties, in addition to the liquidated damages above, the Buyer is
entitled to cancel the delivery and to receive a refund of all
deposit payments made on the aircraft.
 



4.3.


CHANGES
IN DELIVERY SCHEDULE




For the
Helicopters:

The Buyer shall have the right to
postpone the Delivery Date of any Helicopter to a maximum of twelve
(12) months, provided this is confirmed in writing to the
Seller at least eighteen (18) months before the Initial
Delivery Date.

In case the Buyer confirms a
postponement, the Helicopter price will be revised accordingly, so
that price will be that of the year of actual Delivery, according
with Article 1.3.2.

If no postponement is requested
within the time period above, the Initial Delivery Date as set
forth in Annex 2 and configuration of the Helicopter as per Annex 1
will be considered confirmed, and the corresponding progress
payments will be due.

For the Option
Helicopters:

At the time that each of the options
is exercised, notwithstanding the payment of the down payment as
per Article 3.2 the Buyer is entitled to postpone by up to three
(3) months the Initial Delivery Date of the corresponding
Option Helicopter, as set forth in Annex 2. At the Buyer’s
request, the Seller shall endeavour its reasonable effort to
advance the delivery date by up to three months.

If the option is exercised and no
postponement is requested at this time, the Initial Delivery Date
will be considered as the one requested by the Buyer.
 
16











 


  








 
ARTICLE 5 – SUPPLY
MODIFICATIONS
 



5.1.


MODIFICATIONS INCORPORATED PRIOR TO DELIVERY OF
THE SUPPLIES




The Supplies will be manufactured
and produced in accordance with the Seller’s current
production configuration for the selected helicopter model.
Configuration changes may be made at any time by the Seller to
conform to regulations of the National Civil Aviation Authority
(DGAC or EASA wherever applicable).

Additionally, the Seller may carry
out modifications to the Supplies pursuant to new manufacturing or
engineering requirements without the consent of the Buyer, as long
as such modifications (i) do not affect the helicopter
performance, contractual price or delivery time (ii) do not
constitute a material change in the configuration of any Supply
(including, fit, form, function), and (iii) are specifically
described in writing by Seller to Buyer when such change has an
impact on the configuration of the Helicopter, Option Helicopter or
RFR Helicopter as soon as possible prior to implementing any such
modification.
 



5.2.


MODIFICATIONS DECIDED SUBSEOUENT TO DELIVERY OF
THE SUPPLIES




The Seller will notify the Buyer of
any modifications that the competent National Civil Aviation
Authority has decided to impose on helicopters of the same type. In
the event of such modifications, the Seller shall make available to
the Buyer, within a reasonable time, at the latter’s request
and at the latter’s expense, the parts required to
incorporate such modifications in the Helicopter or Option
Helicopter previously delivered.
 



5.3.


CONFIGURATION CHANGES




The Buyer shall have the right
before each Delivery Date to modify the configuration of the
Helicopters, Option Helicopters or RFR Helicopters by replacing the
existing configuration as indicated in Annex 1 by another one to be
agreed between the Parties under the following
conditions:
 



 


•


 


for configuration changes
communicated in writing to the Seller at least eighteen
(18) months before the Delivery Date, the Seller shall make
such changes provided such changes do not have a significant impact
on the production cycle of the of the aircraft. The Seller agrees
that the Buyer may make changes consisting of adding up to Three
(3) items of optional equipment from the list set out in
clause 1.3.5 (excluding the installation for flight in icing
conditions) and these will be deemed to be non significant and
therefore will not impact the Delivery Date. For other changes, the
Buyer acknowledges that the Delivery Date may need to be adjusted
by the parties.



 
17











 


  








 
 



 


•


 


for configuration changes
requested less than eighteen (18) months before the Delivery
Date, the Seller will employ its reasonable efforts to accommodate
the request.



 



 


•


 


the Helicopter, Option Helicopter
or RFR Helicopter price will be modified accordingly as per Article
1.3.3.




The Buyer and the Seller agree to
meet as required to prepare a rolling 24 month forecast for
optional equipment listed in 1.3.5.
 
18











 


  








 
ARTICLE 6 – PRODUCT QUALITY AND
AIRWORTHINESS DOCUMENTATION

The Deliverables will be
manufactured, produced or delivered in accordance with the quality
assurance procedures (the “Quality Assurance
Procedures”) of the Seller.

Acknowledgment that the Deliverables
have satisfied the Quality Assurance Procedures will be attested by
the issuance of the following documents:

For the Helicopter in its standard
version and installed optional equipment:
 



 


•


 


a Certificate of Conformity drawn
up by the Seller’s Quality Organization to certify compliance
with the contractual requirements,



 



 


•


 


an Aircraft Statement of
Conformity (EASA Form 52) for helicopters sold to customers of EASA
member states signed by the Seller’s authorized certifying
staff as per the Seller’s Production Organization Approval.
The EASA Form 52 allows the issuance by the National Civil Aviation
Authority of the Certificate of Airworthiness for the European
countries members of EASA, or



 



 


•


 


a Certificate of Airworthiness
for Export, for helicopters sold outside the European Union, issued
by the National Civil Aviation Authority upon submission by the
Seller to the EASA representative body of the above mentioned
original Aircraft Statement of Conformity (EASA Form
52),



 



 


•


 


Upon request by the Buyer, a
Certificate of Non-Registration issued by the French Civil Aviation
Authority.




For the optional equipment delivered
packed and spare parts:
 



 


•


 


A Certificate of Conformity or
other equivalent document issued by the Seller’s authorized
certifying staff, for standard components,



 



 


•


 


An Authorized Release Certificate
(EASA Form 1) issued on behalf of the National Civil Aviation
Authority as per the above mentioned Production Organisation
Approval, for other certified components.




For miscellaneous parts and tools
which are not subject to installation on the Helicopter (if
applicable):
 



 


•


 


A Certificate of Conformity
issued by the Seller’s authorized certifying
staff.



 
19











 


  








 
ARTICLE 7 – ACCEPTANCE
PROCEDURE
 



7.1.


GENERAL




Prior to Acceptance of each
Helicopter or Option Helicopter, the Seller may perform production
flight tests and inspection flights on such helicopter that will
not exceed fifty (50) hours. Additional hours may be flown in
the event that development and installation of specific equipment
is requested by the Buyer.

Upon satisfactory completion of
Seller’s Quality Assurance Procedures approved by the French
Civil Aviation Authority the Certificate of Conformity will be
issued by the Seller’s Quality Department.

As from the date of issuance of the
Certificate of Conformity, the Helicopter or Option Helicopter
shall be deemed ready for Buyer’s inspection and
Acceptance.

Not later than one (1) month
prior to the date on which a Helicopter is to be ready for
Buyer’s inspection and Acceptance, the Seller will provide
the Buyer with a precise schedule, a delivery program and the
process for inspection.

Within one (1) week after
receipt of this notice, Buyer will send to the Seller the personal
information required from the Buyer’s representatives in
order to be admitted to Seller’s premises. The information
will include name, date and place of birth and passport
number.

The Buyer shall accept the Supplies
as being in conformity with the contractual specifications where
the Supplies conform in all material respects to such
specifications. The acceptance shall be acknowledged by the
Buyer’s signature of the “Acceptance
Certificate”.

The Buyer shall bear its own
expenses and cost related to the Acceptance Test, including but not
limited to those relating to travel and accommodation of its
representatives during this process.
 



7.2.


ACCEPTANCE
FLIGHTS BY THE BUYER




During the Acceptance Test for each
Helicopter or Option Helicopter the Buyer may perform free of
charge acceptance flights, the combined time of which shall not
exceed five flight hours per Helicopter or Option
Helicopter.

Acceptance flights will follow the
procedures provided by the Seller and shall be carried out under
the responsibility of a Seller’s pilot acting as pilot in
command.

Acceptance Test procedures shall be
completed within a target of three (3) days from commencement
per Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter (the
“Acceptance Period”).
 
20











 


  








 
 



7.3.


TRANSFER
OF RISK AND TITLE




Upon the signature by the Buyer of
the “Certificate of Acceptance”, the Buyer shall
provide a copy of a valid insurance policy to the Seller, or
reasonable proof of the insurance coverage and all risks will be
transferred simultaneously to the Buyer.

Promptly after effective receipt by
the Seller of the balance payment as per Article 3.2, the Seller
shall present to Buyer a duly executed Bill of Sale and title shall
thereupon transfer to the Buyer.
 



7.4.


BUYER’S DELAYS FOR
PAYMENT




If the Buyer fails to make any
progress payment on time as described in 3.2 and following a grace
period of 30 days after the due date, the Seller shall grant to the
Buyer a further remedy period of (1) month during which the
Buyer shall be liable to pay to the seller liquidated damages,
accruing daily, charged at a rate of ***% pa, on the payment due.
If the progress payment is still not received at the end of the
remedy period, the value of such progress payment (including the
accrued liquidated damages) will be added to the balance price of
the next Helicopter to be delivered to the Buyer, and the Seller
shall be entitled to withhold delivery of such Helicopter until
this overall sum has been received.

If the final payment in respect of a
Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter has not been made
on time pursuant to Article 3.2, the Seller shall grant to the
Buyer a remedy period not exceeding three (3) months where the
Buyer shall pay to the Seller as liquidated damages the equivalent
to the capital cost, charged at a rate of ***% per annum, of the
balance of the price of the relevant Helicopter. Option Helicopter
or RFR Helicopter, calculated from the 31st day after the date the
payment was first due until such final payment is received in the
Seller’s bank account.

Beyond such remedy period and should
the Buyer not have proceeded with the relevant final payment or not
have demonstrated its good faith in structuring the payment with
the financial market, the Seller shall market at its sole decision
the Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter and retain the
down payment until the Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR
Helicopter is either paid by the Buyer or sold to another party.
The Seller shall be entitled to terminate the contract for any such
Helicopter, Option Helicopter or RFR Helicopter and retain ***% of
the price of same to cover financial, reallocation and
reconfiguration costs and shall transfer to other Helicopters,
Option Helicopters or RFR Helicopters the balance amount as
directed by the Buyer. In the event there are no Helicopters,
Option Helicopters or RFR Helicopters remaining to be delivered,
the balance shall be wired forthwith to the bank account designated
by the Buyer.
 
21











 


  








 
 



7.5.


BUYER’S DELAYS OF
ACCEPTANCE




Where the Seller complies with its
obligation to provide the Supplies according to the requested
Specification, should the Buyer fail to present its team without
any prior notice to the Buyer or to comply with the obligations to
execute and deliver the Acceptance Certificate, the Seller will
promptly notify the Buyer in writing to remedy such failure. All
risks related to the Supplies will be deemed to be transferred to
the Buyer as of the date of such notice.

After the expiry of fifteen
(


 








 














CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 10:14 AM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited offers aircraft financing and leasing services. CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited was formerly known as Justinvale Limited and changed its name to CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited in November 2010. The company is based in Dublin, Ireland. CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited operates as a subsidiary of CHC Helicopter S.A.


The Boat HouseBishop StreetDublin 8Dublin,  D08 H01FIreland



Phone: 353 1 407 0011








Key Executives for CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited


CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited Key Developments

Fourth Amended Reorganization Plan Approved for CHC Group Ltd.
Mar 3 17
The US Bankruptcy Court approved the fourth amended plan of reorganization of CHC Group Ltd. on March 3, 2017. The debtor has filed its fourth amended plan in the Court on February 15, 2017. As per the amended plan, Administrative Expense Claims, Professional Fee Claims, Priority Tax Claims and Other Priority Claims shall be paid in full in cash. Other Secured Claims shall receive cash in an amount equal to the allowed amount. Revolving Credit Agreement claims of $383.02 million will be paid in cash. ABL Credit Agreement Claims of $139 million will recover of 39.2% of the allowed amount. Senior Secured Notes Claims of $1.07 billion will recover in the range of 5.40% to 17.60% of the allowed amount. Unsecured Notes Claims of $98.53 million will recover in the range of 6.60% to 16.20% of the allowed amount. General unsecured claims of $78 million shall receive 11.6% of the new membership interests plus up to $37.5 million in new unsecured notes, less the amount of the convenience claim distribution amount of $0.75 million. Convenience Claims will be expected to 10.40% of the allowed amount. There were no changes in treatment of other classes of claims. All intercompany claims shall be reinstated. Existing CHC interests shall be liquidated or voluntarily struck-off and shall not receive any distributions under the plan and allowed intercompany interests shall be reinstated. The plan shall be funded from debtor’s cash in hand, exit revolving credit facility, new unsecured notes, new second lien convertible notes and issuance of new membership interest and rights offering.


Fourth Amended Reorganization Plan Filed by CHC Group Ltd.
Feb 15 17
CHC Group Ltd. filed fourth amended plan of reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court on February 15, 2017. As per the amended plan, there were no changes in the treatment of classes of claims.


Third Amended Reorganization Plan Filed by CHC Group Ltd.
Feb 8 17
CHC Group Ltd. filed third amended plan of reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court on February 8, 2017. As per the amended plan, there were no changes in the treatment of classes of claims.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Aergen Aviation Finance Limited Europe Aergo Capital Limited Europe Aldus Aviation Limited Europe Amedeo Limited Europe AS Air Lease XII (Ireland) Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Company Bankruptcy Information for CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited 3:16-bk-31864




























































×
Welcome to BusinessBankruptcies.com!

Sign up for a free account to get access to data on case creditors, search for cases, and more.
Sign Up Now









CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited














Actions








Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus










MANTA Search
Google Search
Google Search w/ State











×




$40Total


Subscribe to this Case
Subscribe to this case and receive daily emails for the lifetime of the case.
Subscribe



$40A Month
*


Access our Full Service
Subscribe for a full year and receive two months free!
Compare Plans


*
Standard Plans start at $40/mo, $400/yr.











×
Subscribe to This Case



Follow this case and receive case update emails for the life of this case for a one-time fee of $39.95.





Subscribe to this case



COURT

Texas Northern Bankruptcy Court


CASE NUMBER

3:16-bk-31864


TYPE / CHAPTER

Voluntary / 11














Filed

5-5-16






Updated

5-6-16






Last Checked

6-6-16










Assets


Subscribe










Liabilities


Subscribe



















Docket


Case Information


Creditors


Parties



Nearby
Cases





Docket 


Last Updated
May 6, 2016
Last Entry Filed
May 5, 2016




Docket Entries by Month








There are 2 newer docket entries.
Log In, subscribe now, or
purchase this single case to see the entire docket list.



May 5, 2016



1


Petition
Non-individual Chapter 11 Voluntary Petition. Fee Amount $1717 Filed by CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited (Ecker, C.)





Log-in to access entire docket









Court 
Texas Northern Bankruptcy Court
Case number 
3:16-bk-31864
Assets

Subscribe for Access

Liabilities

Subscribe for Access

Judge
Stacey G. Jernigan
Chapter 
11
Filed 
May 5, 2016
Type 
voluntary
Updated 
May 6, 2016
Last checked 
Jun 6, 2016


Associated Cases




This case has no creditors listed.


Parties 


Debtor

CHC Leasing (Ireland) Limited
600 East Las Colinas Blvd., 10th Floor
Irving, TX 75039
DALLAS-TX
Tax ID / EIN: xx-xxx8230


Represented By
Stephen A. Youngman
Weil, Gotshal & Manges
200 Crescent Court, Suite 300
Dallas, TX 75201-6950
214-746-7700
Email: stephen.youngman@weil.com


Us Trustee

United States Trustee
1100 Commerce Street
Room 976
Dallas, TX 75242
214-767-8967	











Date Filed
Name = parent case
Chapter
Case #



May 5, 2016

Lloyd Bass Strait Helicopters Pty. Ltd.

11
3:16-bk-31883


May 5, 2016

CHC Helicopter (4) S.a.r.l.

11
3:16-bk-31882


May 5, 2016

Heli-One (U.S.) Inc.

11
3:16-bk-31881


May 5, 2016

Lloyd Helicopters International Pty. Ltd.

11
3:16-bk-31880


May 5, 2016

CHC Global Operations International ULC

11
3:16-bk-31879


May 5, 2016

CHC Helicopter (3) S.a.r.l.

11
3:16-bk-31878


May 5, 2016

Lloyd Helicopter Services Pty. Ltd.

11
3:16-bk-31877


May 5, 2016

Heli-One (Norway) AS

11
3:16-bk-31876


May 5, 2016

CHC Helicopter Holding S.a.r.l.

11
3:16-bk-31875


May 5, 2016

CHC Holding NL B.V.

11
3:16-bk-31874


May 5, 2016

Lloyd Helicopter Services Limited

11
3:16-bk-31873


May 5, 2016

CHC Helicopter Australia Pty. Ltd

11
3:16-bk-31872


May 5, 2016

Heli-One (Netherlands) B.V.

11
3:16-bk-31871


May 5, 2016

CHC Global Operations Canada (2008) ULC

11
3:16-bk-31870


May 5, 2016

CHC Norway Acquisition Co AS

11
3:16-bk-31869


















×
 















Chc Leasing Ireland - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC








Unauthorized access. 




Waypoint Leasing Announces Helicopter Leasing Transaction With CHC Helicopter | Waypoint Leasing















































Skip to main content
















 
 


  
 





Waypoint Leasing Announces Helicopter Leasing Transaction With CHC Helicopter
 

December 12, 2013


Limerick, Ireland and Darien, CT – December 12, 2013 – Waypoint Leasing (Ireland) Limited (“Waypoint”), a leading global helicopter leasing company, today announced that it has reached an agreement with CHC Helicopter (“CHC”), the world’s largest helicopter services company specializing in transportation to offshore oil and gas platforms, to lease to CHC 13 new technology medium and heavy aircraft, which include the Sikorsky S-92 and the AgustaWestland AW139.
The companies completed the first operating lease agreement and delivered two S-92’s in April of 2013, and anticipate that all 13 aircraft will be on lease by February of 2014.  The aircraft are expected to operate and support oil and gas and search and rescue activities in Europe, Asia, Africa and South America.  The total value of the 13 aircraft is approximately $200 million.
Ed Washecka, CEO of Waypoint Leasing said, “We are excited to partner with CHC, a world-class helicopter services company, and we appreciate their confidence in Waypoint.  This transaction reflects Waypoint’s commitment to delivering operators with tailored and flexible financing solutions.”
Clark McGinn, Managing Director of CHC’s global aircraft leasing group said, “We have worked with Waypoint’s principals for many years and value their deep helicopter leasing and operating experience.  Leasing is an important funding structure for CHC and these agreements with Waypoint add strength and diversity to our fleet financing.”
Waypoint provides its customers with technologically advanced helicopters from the world’s leading manufacturers, including AgustaWestland, Bell, Eurocopter and Sikorsky, with an emphasis on medium and heavy twin engine models. Waypoint also supports its customers with sale-leaseback transactions on existing helicopter fleets.
About Waypoint Leasing (Ireland) Limited
Waypoint is a global helicopter lessor providing aircraft and financing solutions to helicopter operators around the world. Headquartered in Limerick, Ireland, and with operations in Darien, CT, Waypoint partners with helicopter operators across a wide range of sectors, including oil and gas, emergency medical service, search and rescue, firefighting and governmental support.  Further information is available at http://www.waypointleasing.com/.
About CHC Helicopter
CHC is a commercial operator of helicopters focused on enabling customers to go further, do more and come home safely.  CHC provides helicopter flight services to oil and gas companies and government search-and-rescue agencies, and helicopter maintenance, repair and overhaul services to organizations through the Heli-One segment.  The company is headquartered in Vancouver and operates more than 250 aircraft in about 30 countries around the world.
 


 

 


Recent News 

Paris Air Show: New lease of life for the H225


Waypoint delivers S-92 and S-76C++ helicopters to Omni in Brazil


Waypoint Leasing enters Chinese Market


View All News  
Learn More 
Contact Us
Request Information
Sign Up for Press Releases
Download our Brochure


 
 
 
 
 
 



 






























High salaries push CHC’s loss to €3.1m | Irish Examiner















































ePaper
Apps
Postal Delivery 
Photos 
Competitions 
Newspaper Archive 
Advertise With Us 
Shop 
Death Notices 


Find a... 
Home 

Job 





IrishExaminer



























Home»Business




High salaries push CHC’s loss to €3.1m 




Friday, March 07, 2014By Gordon Deegan
Average salaries of €100,000 each for the 113 staff at the firm operating the €500m state contract to provide helicopter Search and Rescue (SAR) services contributed to losses at the firm increasing by 13% to €3.1m last year.
CHC Ireland Ltd provides the SAR Service from its four main bases at Dublin, Sligo, Shannon and Waterford for the State and commenced a 10-year €500m contract with the Government in 2012. 
The Air Corps withdrew from limited SAR duties in 2004 and the current contract with the Canadian-owned CHC has the option to extend for a further three years on a year-by-year basis. 
New accounts filed by CHC Ireland Ltd with the Companies Office show that it recorded increased losses as revenues climbed by 19% from €24.28m to €28.8m in the 12 months to the end of April 30 2013. 
Staff costs last year increased from €12.6m to €13.4m with salaries totalling €11.35m in 2013. 
The €11.35m in salaries works out at €100,477 on average for the 113 staff made up of 107 in operations and six in administration. 
The firm recorded the €3.14m pre-tax losses as net operating expenses climbed from €27.1m to €31.97m. 
According to the directors’ report, the firm incurred increased losses “due in part to reduced activity from SAR operations and to increased costs related to the transition of new S92 aircraft.” 
Flying hours for SAR operations were 2,739 compared to 3,162 in the previous year. 
The directors state that “during the year, the company derived a large percentage of its revenue from the provision of Search and Rescue services. 
“The company believe its competitive position will enable it to continue to be a major provider”. 
The figures show that emoluments, including pension contributions to directors, Shane Leonard, Mark Abbey and Mark Kelly, last year increased from €257,000 to €314,000. 
However, accounts for a connected firm, CHC Leasing (Ireland) Ltd, show that it recorded a pre-tax profit of $19.1m as revenues increased only marginally to $85.6m in the 12 months to the end of April 30. 
The $19.1m pre-tax profits represent a 33% drop on the €28.7m profits recorded in fiscal 2012. 
The directors’ report states that “during the year, the company has continued to provide aircraft leasing and ancillary activities supporting fellow group companies and related parties operating primarily in the global oil and gas market and the search and rescue sector. 
The figures show that €81.5m of revenues were generated in Europe and €4.1m in Ireland. 
Staff costs last year increased from €1.3m to €1.54m. Sales to connected firm last year totalled €39m.



READ MORE Visit the section home page here
KEYWORDS CHC, search and rescue services, CHC results© Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved





Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inboxMore in this SectionUK farms under threat from Brexit-linked jobs shortageTullow Oil targets South American drilling roundInvest in water and not tax cutsHackers access 400,000 client bank details


Breaking StoriesTerapeak intoduces new sales predictions tool for shopift, Ebay sellersCIF chief accuses union of holding construction industry to ransomRate of construction growth in Dublin 'strongest in 16 years'Warning of possible 'considerable and unpredictable' fluctuations in food prices LifestyleThe night sky is a long way from Tipperary Pulling the strings at Cork Puppetry FestivalMother charged for illegal sale of fruit smoothies at summer stall set up in KildareWhen you think of the word cougar, what does it conjure up? More From The Irish Examiner  

















 This mother’s lesson about acceptance didn’t turn out as she hoped, but she doesn’t regret a thingTitanic artefacts to go on display at V&A ocean liners exhibitionNigel Farage got more than he bargained for when he urged youngsters to go to the cinemaThe world’s cutest sea otter pup has been given an adorable nameGratitude lists: How writing down what you’re thankful for transforms wellbeing – and how to startGardaí in Clonmel played at a local tea dance and it look like great craic


Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter


 Need for Speed: Payback trailer releasedNokia 3310 3G version seen online



Lotto ResultsWednesday, July 26, 2017
1
6
13
24
37
40
23

Full Lotto draw results »





Follow the Irish Examiner















Most Read 
Top Stories 



 Confusion over Nóirín O'Sullivan's six week holidayCork legend Dr Con Murphys’ reaction to seeing the new Páirc Uí Chaoimh is worth watching Páirc Uí Chaoimh: At €80m cost and 2 years in the making, Cork’s new stadium is finally hereElderly woman to be extradited to UK on charges of assisting rape of own daughterBabies as young as a year old treated for rape and sexual assault in Galway9 Irish medical students involved in a road accident in MalawiCeltic to face UEFA action following "illict banner" in Linfield clash Irish Naval Service crewman thanks Spanish coast guard for saving his lifeEast Cork postmaster: I was the only human being she met for the week‘I had no problem with McCabe but I think he had one with me’
NEWSAll-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per monthAll-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per monthSPORTMore balanced Limerick get big guns firingDeparting Peter Creedon hits out at Laois rumour millLIFESTYLEThe night sky is a long way from Tipperary Pulling the strings at Cork Puppetry Festival





 
 








































Business | Irish Examiner
























ePaper
Apps
Postal Delivery 
Photos 
Competitions 
Newspaper Archive 
Advertise With Us 
Shop 
Death Notices 


Find a... 
Home 

Job 





IrishExaminer



























Home»Business









Login








BUSINESS - BREAKING NEWSCIF chief accuses union of holding construction industry to ransomDirector general of the Construction Industry Federation, Tom Parlon, has today accused the Unite union of holding the construction industry to ransom.Thursday July 27, 2017 - 12:28 pmMore

TODAY'S BUSINESS - IRISH EXAMINERUK farms under threat from Brexit-linked jobs shortageThursday, July 27, 2017By Cassandra Garrison UK farmers might move production abroad, while others could give up if they cannot hire the staff, an industry representative has said. MoreTullow Oil targets South American drilling roundThursday, July 27, 2017By Geoff Percival Tullow Oil is to turn its focus towards South America later this year, aiming to start drilling offshore Suriname by October at an area close to where super-major ExxonMobil this week made a significant discovery off the coast of Guyana. More Invest in water and not tax cutsThursday, July 27, 2017By Paul Mills Water rationing is back for a lot of folk living in the north-east. Tesco has placed a limit of six bottles of water per customer at its stores in the area, not because of some regional drought but because of a burst water main. MoreHackers access 400,000 client bank detailsThursday, July 27, 2017UniCredit said hackers accessed about 400,000 client bank accounts in Italy, taking biographical and loan data in one of the biggest breaches in Europe to date. MoreCorbyn’s UK tax plan alarms banksThursday, July 27, 2017The UK’s Labour Party has held a series of meetings with top finance executives, setting out how it would levy taxes on one of the world’s biggest financial trading centres if it snatched power from Prime Minister Theresa May. MoreUK rate rise less likely on GDPThursday, July 27, 2017By Andy Bruce and William Schomberg Britain’s economy failed to build much momentum over the past three months after almost stalling at the start of the year, reducing an already slim chance that the Bank of England will soon reverse last year’s emergency interest rate cut. MoreHomes crisis worse than thought, says analystThursday, July 27, 2017By Eamon Quinn The accuracy of figures used by officials to assess the depth of the housing crisis has again been called into question by the chief economist at Goodbody after an authoritative private survey suggested a lot fewer homes were under construction than currently thought. More ITV weathers Brexit slowdown with revenue growthThursday, July 27, 2017By Kate Holton ITV has reported stronger-than-expected first-half earnings despite weak advertising income, showing that new boss, former EasyJet chief Carolyn McCall, will inherit a media group better placed to withstand economic downturns than in the past. MorePTSB shares drop 14% on bad loansThursday, July 27, 2017By Geoff Percival Shares in Permanent TSB plunged by as much as 16% yesterday as the bank reported a 55% annualised drop in first half net profit. MoreRyanair’s O’Leary gets 3% pay increase to €3.26mThursday, July 27, 2017By Gordon Deegan Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary had a 3% pay rise, increasing his earnings to €3.26m. MoreNine big ideas that could seriously progress IrelandWednesday, July 26, 2017Big ideas can have a powerful and positive effect on economies and their populations. The 12.5% corporate tax rate was a big idea, as was the IFSC. MoreINHFA seeks local limit to forestry paymentsWednesday, July 26, 2017 Eoghan MacConnell A farming organisation wants forestry payments curtailed amid claims they are a threat to the fabric of rural life. More Credit cards boost Virgin MoneyWednesday, July 26, 2017British challenger bank Virgin Money Holdings saw a 26% rise in first-half underlying pretax profit, helped by growth in the bank’s core mortgages, savings and credit card businesses. MoreUK body identifies gaps in terror insurance backstopWednesday, July 26, 2017 Oliver Suess Insurance against terror attacks must adapt to face up to the threats posed by so-called lone-wolf militants and the rise of cyber crime. MoreMcDonald’s sales soar in biggest jump globally over five yearsWednesday, July 26, 2017International fast food giant McDonald’s has posted its biggest jump in global sales at established restaurants in five years, helped by stronger traffic worldwide and US initiatives including drink specials and custom sandwiches. MoreIFA president seeks fare share of retail price for producersWednesday, July 26, 2017By Joe Dermody Cattle prices from €4 to €4.50/kg and mid-season lamb prices of €5 to €6.00/kg are essential to cover the cost of production on the most efficient farms, says IFA president Joe Healy. MoreBMW to build electric Mini in UK despite Brexit riskWednesday, July 26, 2017By Elisabeth Behrmann and Alan Jones BMW will build an electric version of the Mini in the UK, choosing its factory in Oxford, over alternatives in Germany and the Netherlands despite risks associated with Brexit. More Catering firm boosted by Shannon Airport payoffWednesday, July 26, 2017By Gordon DeeganA €427,500 payoff by Shannon Airport to catering firm HMS Host for an early termination of a contract helped boost profits at the firm last year. MoreHibernia REIT sees demand increase in central DublinWednesday, July 26, 2017By Geoff Percival Publicly quoted property investment fund Hibernia REIT has said a number of companies have shown interest in the majority of vacant space remaining in its commercial property portfolio in central Dublin. MoreLoan costs for Irish SMEs may have worsenedWednesday, July 26, 2017By Eamon Quinn Irish banks continue to charge Irish small firms the highest interest rates in the eurozone, with a new Central Bank report suggesting the problem may have gotten worse for many SMEs, despite wholesale funding of banks resting at rock-bottom rates. MoreBill Gates and Jeff Bezos invest in ‘Uber for trucking’ startupWednesday, July 26, 2017By Dina Bass As Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos jockey for the designation of world’s wealthiest man, the Seattle billionaires are united behind at least one local venture. They’re both investors in a trucking logistics startup that competes with Uber. MoreUK focus on bank servicesWednesday, July 26, 2017By Huw Jones From next year, banks in Britain will have to publish data every quarter to show the quality of service they provide to customers to try to boost competition, the Financial Conduct Authority has proposed. More Domino’s to expand Irish operationsWednesday, July 26, 2017By Geoff Percival Domino’s Pizza is to recommence store expansion in Ireland on the back of a strong performance here in the first half of the group’s current financial year. MoreSuperValu claims centre revamp will hurt businessTuesday, July 25, 2017Ann O’LoughlinA legal row has erupted in relation to the development of a shopping centre at Blackrock in Co Dublin. MoreDublin Port shrugs off Brexit with first-half tradeTuesday, July 25, 2017 Eamon Quinn Dublin Port said it has avoided the worst of the potential fallout this year from Brexit even though its rate of expansion is down to the slowest pace for four years, despite a booming economy. MoreIMF cuts UK growth on Brexit cloudsTuesday, July 25, 2017Britain has suffered the biggest downgrade of economic growth projections by the IMF for the world’s rich nations this year, prompting the finance ministry to renew its call for a smooth exit from the EU. MoreIreland, UK and others are offshore ‘conduits’Tuesday, July 25, 2017 Eamon Quinn Computer scientists have worked to uncover the way the Netherlands, the UK, Ireland, Singapore and Switzerland, in particular, are used by multinationals to channel investments onto well-known offshore centres (OFCs). MoreOil rises on fresh Opec movesTuesday, July 25, 2017 Katya Golubkova, Vladimir Soldatkin and Rania El Gamal Opec moved yesterday to cap Nigerian oil output and called on several members to boost compliance with production cuts to help clear excessive global stocks and support flagging prices. MoreRyanair shares take dip on back of Alitalia bidTuesday, July 25, 2017 Geoff Percival Ryanair has confirmed it has made an indicative takeover offer for struggling Italian airline Alitalia, saying the potential long-haul passenger feed opportunities make the deal “interesting”. MoreWarning as tractor traffic increasesTuesday, July 25, 2017The IFA and the Road Safety Authority are urging road users to take extra care in the summer months due to the seasonal increase in the number of tractors, trailers and other farm machinery on the roads. More

















 This mother’s lesson about acceptance didn’t turn out as she hoped, but she doesn’t regret a thingTitanic artefacts to go on display at V&A ocean liners exhibitionNigel Farage got more than he bargained for when he urged youngsters to go to the cinemaThe world’s cutest sea otter pup has been given an adorable nameGratitude lists: How writing down what you’re thankful for transforms wellbeing – and how to startGardaí in Clonmel played at a local tea dance and it look like great craic


Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter


 Need for Speed: Payback trailer releasedNokia 3310 3G version seen online



Lotto ResultsWednesday, July 26, 2017
1
6
13
24
37
40
23

Full Lotto draw results »





Follow the Irish Examiner















Download our mobile apps


live news
ePaper


available on












Most Read 
Top Stories 



 Confusion over Nóirín O'Sullivan's six week holidayCork legend Dr Con Murphys’ reaction to seeing the new Páirc Uí Chaoimh is worth watching Páirc Uí Chaoimh: At €80m cost and 2 years in the making, Cork’s new stadium is finally hereElderly woman to be extradited to UK on charges of assisting rape of own daughterBabies as young as a year old treated for rape and sexual assault in Galway9 Irish medical students involved in a road accident in MalawiCeltic to face UEFA action following "illict banner" in Linfield clash Irish Naval Service crewman thanks Spanish coast guard for saving his lifeEast Cork postmaster: I was the only human being she met for the week‘I had no problem with McCabe but I think he had one with me’
NEWSAll-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per monthAll-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per monthSPORTMore balanced Limerick get big guns firingDeparting Peter Creedon hits out at Laois rumour millLIFESTYLEThe night sky is a long way from Tipperary Pulling the strings at Cork Puppetry Festival





 
 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Small Group Tours, Expedition Tours - Collette Explorations





































 US




 AU
				



 CA
				



 UK
				












					Travel Packages







176
View All Tours




6
Africa Tours




1
Antarctica Tours




13
Asia Tours




6
Australia Tours




82
Europe Tours




65
North America Tours




5
South America Tours










					Travel Destinations







Africa




Antarctica




Asia




Australia




Europe




North America




South America










					Tour Styles







Classic
Enjoy a refined take on the art of group travel




Explorations
Experience true adventures on these Collette small group tours.




Faith
Set out on an inspiring journey on these faith-based travel experiences.




River Cruise
Explore the world’s most beautiful waterways




Spotlights
Come to know your destination during a single-hotel stay










					Travel Deals







					Why Guided Travel?







Guided Travel
Experience all the amazing benefits of guided travel with Collette.




Our Tour Managers
Meet the best trained, most knowledgeable and most entertaining tour guides in the business.




FAQs
Find travel tips, travel advice, and answers to some of the most commonly asked travel questions here.




Our Brochures
Hold the world in your hands with one of our beautiful travel brochures.




Group Travel
If you are traveling with a larger group of family and friends or are you putting together a trip for your organization, we are ready to help.




Videos
Watch as the world comes alive. Dive into our inspiring collection of travel videos and begin imagining your next adventure.




Mobile App
Enhance your tour with this easy to use mobile companion










					Travel Blog
























Email Sign Up & Save
Email Sign Up



Request Tour Brochure
Request Brochure





 Contact Us
		

|


 Find An Agent
		










 800.340.5158



 Contact Us
		



 Find An Agent
		



 Talk to an Expert
		





 US




 AU
				



 CA
				



 UK
				







































































Save $300pp* on all Explorations Small Group Tours




Let us be your guide for a deeper, more immersive travel experience. With an average of just 18 guests, Explorations tours enable you to take the road less traveled. On an Explorations tour you will:
	Meet local residents and make memories with home-hosted meals and hands-on cultural activities	Savor authentic culinary experiences including cooking classes and wine tastings	Enjoy boutique and unique accommodations that capture the spirit of the destination	Go off the beaten path on incredible adventures like snorkeling in the Galapagos or visiting an elephant orphanage in Sri Lanka
With our summer savings across all Explorations tours, all that's left to do is choose your tour!



Save $300 per person*

Use offer code: EXPLORE17
Book between 
June 12 - August 12, 2017 for savings





















Sorry, we didn't find any tours that matched your criteria.








Searching Tours...
Please wait while we retrieve the tours that match your criteria









Please Wait...
and get excited!
We are currently getting tour details you have selected.








×Close
Call Now
















*Savings are $300 per person off land rates for Explorations tours, for all bookings made 6/12/17 – 8/12/17. Offers can expire earlier due to space or inventory availability. Space is limited and booked on a first come, first served basis. Offers are not valid on group or existing bookings or combinable with any other offer, excluding member benefits. Other restrictions may apply; call for details.












×
Find a Travel Agency



Once you've found the perfect Collette tour, your local travel agent can assist you in making reservations. To find a preferred travel agent in your area, please enter your 5-digit zip code, then click Search.

Enter a Whole or Partial Zip Code





Search





Search within

5
10
25
50

miles



(Please note: entering a partial ZIP CODE will expand the search criteria and possibly return many results.)









Close

















How can we help you today?










Send








×Close
Request a Quote














Please fill out the form below, and a Collette Expert will contact you shortly.






First Name*



Last Name*





Email*



Phone Number*








Yes, I'm a Travel Professional



Yes, I am working with a Travel Professional






Submit
















×Close
Please tell us everything, we want it all!




We really value your feedback, please be open an honest.  Tell us where we can improve, how we can get better.  This feedback is anonymous, but if you would like us to get in touch with you regarding an issue provide your email address as part of your feedback and we will get right back to you.




What do you think?





How would you rate our site? (10 being the strongest)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10





Submit











×Close
Talk to an Expert




Please fill out the form below, and a Collette Expert will contact you shortly.






First Name*



Last Name*





Email*



Phone Number*








Yes, I'm a Travel Professional



Yes, I am working with a Travel Professional






Submit











Or






CLICK HERE FOR LIVE CHAT 



































×
Collette Newsletter: Sign Up & Save


Stay up-to-date on the latest travel news and special offers.


First Name*



Last Name*





Email*



Confirm Email*








Yes, I would like to receive email offers, travel tips and destination information.	                             




Close
Sign Up















































