



















Lessons to be Learned from Tanya Chemodurow of Abatement Contractors of Montana | The U.S. Small Business Administration | SBA.gov


















Skip to main menu Skip to main content







 






 

 





















MENU








 

 

SBA Common: Main Menu



  













Montana District Office 

  

You are hereSBA.gov » Local Assistance » District Office List » Montana District Office » Success Stories » Lessons to be Learned from Tanya Chemodurow of Abatement Contractors of Montana 




Lessons to be Learned from Tanya Chemodurow of Abatement Contractors of Montana 











 

  








 







After eight years, Tanya Chemodurow finally has a place to hang her kimono. 
 
Sitting in Tanya’s very modern office at Abatement Contractors of Montana, LLC, with a kimono hanging on the wall, it’s hard to believe she started in an old 100 square foot apartment building in East Missoula.  Touring her new 6,000 square foot facility, Tanya’s passion and devotion for the business she has developed from the ground up is evident. 
 
Chemodurow is an SBA all-star.   She’s received an SBA 504 loan through Montana Community Finance Corporation, became 8(a) certified for federal contracting and graduated from SBA’s e200 Emerging Leaders program. 
 
“All really go hand-in-hand,” said Chemodurow.  
 
She learned about the 8(a) program while attending a PTAC (Procurement Technical Assistance Center) conference.  SBA’s 8(a) Business Development program is a nine-year program established to assist eligible socially and economically disadvantaged individuals to develop and grow their business through federal contracting. Although the program does not specifically treat women as social and economically disadvantaged, Chemodurow was able to prove with evidence that she was in fact disadvantaged.  (SBA defines socially disadvantaged individuals as those who have been subjected to racial or ethnic prejudice or cultural bias because of their identity as a member of a group without regard to their individual capabilities.)
 
“It wasn’t easy,” Chemodurow said.  After two years and four denials, SBA finally approved Chemodurow’s application and certified Abatement Contractors of Montana, LLC, as 8(a).  Chemodurow is currently in her fifth year of the nine-year program and has been awarded over 200 contracts for more than $16 million dollars with her 8(a) status. 
 
As an 8(a) company, Chemodurow was invited to participate in SBA’s inaugural e200 Emerging Leaders program in 2011.  She almost didn’t sign-up as it was a seven-month, 100-hour commitment traveling to Helena every other week, but she felt like it was important to learn more, to fill in her weak spots and become more comfortable with her business financials.  
 
She said she is glad she didn’t turn down the opportunity to gain so much knowledge and make new contacts.  During the e200 Emerging Leaders program, one of the segments was on financing and Linda Kindrick of Montana Community Finance Corporation was a guest panelist.  That’s where Chemodurow learned about SBA’s 504 loan program and began wondering if that loan product would work for her business and her growth plan.  After graduating from the e200 class Chemodurow approached Kindrick and began the process of obtaining a 504 loan for her new facility.  The three-year strategic growth plan that she put together during the e200 program was instrumental in helping her obtain the loan. 
 
Chemodurow credits her success to her commitment to taking advantage of every available opportunity and to always making time and a concerted effort to learn more. 
 
“I’ve been in the right place at the right time many times, and it’s not by accident,” Chemodurow said.
 
As for her future plans, Chemodurow said she will continue to learn and continue to grow.  “I’ve learned a lot by trial and error and I’ve learned that if I don’t try, I’m not only going to not get anything, but I’m also not going to learn.”







  









Montana District Office

Home
About Us
Success Stories
Press Releases
Email Updates
Leadership
Resources
 

  















 

  

























Montana District Office | The U.S. Small Business Administration | SBA.gov




















Skip to main menu Skip to main content







 






 

 





















MENU








 

 

SBA Common: Main Menu



  













Montana District Office 

  

You are hereSBA.gov » Local Assistance » District Office List » Montana  




Montana District Office 


















About The Montana District Office
Spa Owner Overcomes Challenges and Grows Her...
Lisa Wareham’s Crazy Ambition for Butte and...
Long Road to Success for Montana's Small...


 





About the office

Montana District Office

10 West 15th Street                    Suite 1100 

Helena,               
                  MT


Phone:
406-441-1081


Fax:
406-441-1090



About UsThe Montana District Office is the only SBA office in Montana and serves all... MORE >> 
Hours of Operation: 

                  Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM
                






 District Director:  
 Wayne Gardella  

 

Office Directory 




Resource Guide

Montana District Office Resource Guide
National Resource Guide (En Español)
 









Small Business Events





No local events match this criteria. 
 




Business Resources and News

Business News and Resources


Press Releases



 Bretz RV & Marine CEO is SBA Montana Small Business Person of the Year 
 March 28, 2017  

 Small Business Training Workshops Lead Montana Small Business Awards Ceremony 
 April 6, 2017  

 Saluting the Unsung Heroes of America: Small Businesses 
   

 

SBA National Event Calendar


Calendar of Events




Email Updates from the Montana District Office


Email Updates
Subscribe to Email Updates




SBA Montana Resource Partner Network


Montana Small Business Development Center Network
Montana Women's Business Center
Montana SCORE
Montana Veteran Business Outreach Center




From Our Office


Millennials are a Force for Change
Borrowing Money
Follow These 10 Steps to Starting a Business
Business Plan Executive Summary
Obtaining Business Licenses & Permits
Business Structure and Tax Implications
20 Questions Before Starting a Business 
Hire Your First Employee 
Should I Buy a Franchise?
Five Critical Steps to Securing Small Business Capital




Other Resources


SBA's Role in Lending
Find a Mentor or Counselor
Federal Business Opportunities
Occupational Safety and Health Administration




SBA Programs


Request a Small Business Resource Guide (Be sure to include your name and mailing address).
Online Montana Small Business Resource Guide




Montana State Resources


Montana State Home Page
Montana Department of Commerce
Montana Secretary of State Business Toolkit
Montana State  Government - Agency List 
Montana State Representatives 
Montana Department of Revenue - One Stop Licensing
Montana Chamber of Commerce 
Montana State Library 
Montana UI Employer Website 






Success Stories 


 Long Road to Success for Montana's Small Business Person of the Year   

 Stonetree Climbing Center Starts Off on Right Footing with Help of Helena SBDC  

 Interior Design Firm Opens Showroom with  Help of SBA Community Advantage Loan  

 Spa Owner Overcomes Challenges and Grows Her Business with help of SBA Loan  

 Local Hamilton Farm Bringing Education and Loyalty to Community Agriculture with help of Montana Women's Business Center  

 



Lending Activity



FY17 Loans YTD through 3.31.2017 

. 

FY16: Year End Loan Approvals 

FY15: Year End Loan Approvals  

FY14: Year End Loan Approvals 

FY13: Year End Loan Approvals 

FY12 Year End Loan approvals  

 







Connect and Stay Informed


 LINC

SBA LINC is a simple way for you to connect with prospective SBA lenders based on your business needs. To get started, simply register and fill out the online form.
Learn More





SBA Near You


SBA has resource partners like SCORE, Small Business Development Centers and Women's Business Centers that provide additional business counseling and training.




Zip Code 



Distance 
25 miles50 miles100 miles


State 
Select StateAK (13 offices)AL (29 offices)AR (18 offices)AS (1 offices)AZ (47 offices)CA (145 offices)CO (29 offices)CT (30 offices)DC (7 offices)DE (10 offices)FL (67 offices)FM (3 offices)GA (43 offices)GU (4 offices)HI (14 offices)IA (34 offices)ID (18 offices)IL (55 offices)IN (35 offices)KS (23 offices)KY (26 offices)LA (30 offices)MA (28 offices)MD (35 offices)ME (21 offices)MI (44 offices)MN (29 offices)MO (56 offices)MP (1 offices)MS (20 offices)MT (30 offices)NC (48 offices)ND (23 offices)NE (19 offices)NH (20 offices)NJ (34 offices)NM (34 offices)NV (26 offices)NY (83 offices)OH (75 offices)OK (28 offices)OR (32 offices)PA (65 offices)PR (20 offices)PW (1 offices)RI (10 offices)SC (33 offices)SD (20 offices)TN (35 offices)TX (113 offices)UT (26 offices)VA (51 offices)VI (5 offices)VT (22 offices)WA (54 offices)WI (42 offices)WV (25 offices)WY (13 offices)

 




Email Updates







JUNE 01, 2017FREE Small Business Training Webinar- June 13MAY 01, 2017How can you participate in National Small Business Week? 


READ MORE 

GET EMAIL UPDATES 








  

















 

  


























Success Stories | The U.S. Small Business Administration | SBA.gov


















Skip to main menu Skip to main content







 






 

 





















MENU








 

 

SBA Common: Main Menu



  













Montana District Office 

  

You are hereSBA.gov » Local Assistance » District Office List » Montana District Office » Success Stories 




Success Stories 











 

  










  
 Long Road to Success for Montana's Small Business Person of the Year  
 It was 1967, the so-called “summer of love,” when Frank and Vi Bretz turned their love of camping into a small business in Missoula.  Their idea was to create a new opportunity for local families and visitors to Montana to have great summer outings at affordable prices.
That first year business was conducted from a leased service station and focused on renting small travel trailers.  Fifty years later, Bretz RV and Marine is the largest RV and boat dealer in the six-state region surrounding Montana, and company CEO Mark Bretz is the 2017 U.S. Small Business Administration Montana District Office small business person of the year. 
Mark Bretz took over the family-owned business in 1982.  He told RV Business Magazine in 1995 that as much as he enjoyed RV'ing, “I never thought I would be RV'ing for my livelihood. I was going to be a banker.” 
He said his parents bought their first RV when he was six.  “I grew up in the business," he said. 
When Mark entered... Read More  

 Stonetree Climbing Center Starts Off on Right Footing with Help of Helena SBDC 
 Tim Wetherill and his family, including 15-year-old, avid-rock-climber-son Jackson, moved to Helena from New Mexico.  Soon after arriving they realized the climbing season was quite a bit shorter in Montana than in New Mexico, and Helena didn’t offer any off-season climbing for the climbing enthusiasts, such as a climbing gym.  Nor was there one for over 100 miles. 
Tim soon began asking around town about rock climbing opportunities and the name Zach Bushilla came up several times.  Zach was another avid climber himself and had even turned his garage into a small rock gym.  Eventually the Wetherill’s and Bushilla met up and the conversation began about opening a climbing gym. 
Neither Tim nor Zach had business experience and turned to the Internet for help.  After conducting various Google searches Tim came across the Helena Small Business Development Center and Brandon Orr’s name.  SBDC Advisor Orr met with Tim and Zach and began assisting them with their business... Read More  

 Interior Design Firm Opens Showroom with  Help of SBA Community Advantage Loan 
 Abby Hetherington always knew her career would be something in the arts, as she has an eye for art and design.  Her spunk and self-described ADD-type of personality drives her to think out of the box as a creative thinker.
After high school Abby went to Interior Design school.  Following seven years of applying her interior design skills for a local firm, Abby decided to take it to the next level and go on her own.  Abby Hetherington Interiors started in 2013, catering to her high-end clients, including residents from Bozeman, Big Sky, the Yellowstone Club, and reaching across the nation.  After being in business for a couple years, Abby saw the need to expand her services with a design studio and showroom – a place where her clients could touch, feel and experience the products she was incorporating into her designs. 
Abby began looking for the perfect space, something in downtown Bozeman, with parking and a warehouse feel.  Once she stumbled upon the historical... Read More  

  
 Spa Owner Overcomes Challenges and Grows Her Business with help of SBA Loan 
 Heather Ripplinger opened Canyon River Spa in Bozeman in 2007, after she saw a need to have multiple spa services in one spot.  Heather was a massage therapist, new mom and wife of a deployed military serviceman, when she thought of the idea to open a full-service spa.  She was often referring her clients for facials and hair services, and decided to open a spa/salon where clients could get all their treatments at one facility.  Canyon River Spa offers massage, facials and other skincare treatments along with nail and haircare services in a luxurious setting that allows clients to relax and rejuvenate. 
Two years into her business a fire caused extensive damage to the spa.  According to the Institute for Business and Home Safety, an estimated 25 percent of businesses do not reopen following a major disaster, but with Heather’s determination and devotion to the business, she was able to rebuild.  Her insurance only covered a portion of the expenses; therefore she had to take... Read More  

Pages1
2
3
4
5
next ›
last »

 

  









Montana District Office

Home
About Us
Success Stories
Press Releases
Email Updates
Leadership
Resources
 

  















 

  










Tanya Joann Chemodurow - Missoula, MT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Tanya Joann Chemodurow in Missoula, MT


Tanya Joann Chemodurow

                                                                                       Intelius found that Tanya Joann Chemodurow  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Missoula, MT.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tanya J Niswanger
Tanya C Niswanger


Get Report Now

Age

Tanya Joann Chemodurow is in her 50s

Tanya Has Lived In

Missoula, MT
Wallace, ID
Big Sky, MT

Tanya's Relatives

Michael Foust
Chris Niswanger
Patrick Chemodurow







Tanya Joann Chemodurow



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Sales Manager at Abatement Contractors of Montana LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Tanya? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Tanya, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Tanya Joann Chemodurow
Get a Criminal Check on Tanya Joann Chemodurow
Get a Public Record Report on Tanya Joann Chemodurow
Get a People Search Report on Tanya Joann Chemodurow


Tanya Joann Chemodurow's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Tanya Joann Chemodurow has lived as well as Tanya Joann Chemodurow's phone numbers and email addresses.




Tanya Joann Chemodurow Has Lived in 2 States
Montana Address for Tanya Joann Chemodurow


6750 S 1*** S* W 

Missoula, MT


Has Lived In

Missoula, MT
Wallace, ID


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Tanya Joann Chemodurow

(406) ***-**** - Missoula, MT 
() ***-**** - Missoula, MT 
(406) ***-**** - Missoula, MT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Tanya Joann Chemodurow

t**************w@***.com
t***a@***.com


Get Email Report




Tanya Joann Chemodurow's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Tanya Joann Chemodurow's academic history.  Find out which schools Tanya Joann Chemodurow attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Tanya Joann Chemodurow received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Tanya Joann Chemodurow Has Attended 1 School
University of Montana Tanya Joann Chemodurow has a Economics in Economics               


Tanya Joann Chemodurow's Professional Information
Information regarding Tanya Joann Chemodurow's professional history.  Find out previous places Tanya Joann Chemodurow has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Tanya Joann Chemodurow Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Abatement Contractors of Montana LLC
               Title: Sales Manager
Company: Abatement Contractors of Montana LLC
               Title: President
Tanya Joann Chemodurow's Experience
Title: Sales Manager
               Company: Abatement Contractors of Montana LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Title: President
               Company: Abatement Contractors of Montana LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Tanya Joann Chemodurow

 See Tanya Joann Chemodurow's LinkedIn Profile



Tanya Joann Chemodurow's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Tanya Joann Chemodurow


Tanya Joann Chemodurow's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Tanya Joann Chemodurow's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Tanya Chemodurow
Username Matches

                  TanyaChemodurow
                  ChemodurowTanya
                  Tanya.Chemodurow
                  Chemodurow.Tanya
                  Tanya_Chemodurow
                  Chemodurow_Tanya
                  Tanya-Chemodurow
                  Chemodurow-Tanya
                  TChemodurow
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Chemodurow







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














EBMT Tanya J. Chemodurow Insider Trades for Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EBMT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 3:53 p.m.


EBMT

/quotes/zigman/117560/composite


$
18.20




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 4,640
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/117560/composite
Previous close

$
			18.20
		


$
				18.20
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$17.90
$18.30










52 week low
52 week high

            $13.00
        

            $24.00
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Tanya J. Chemodurow



Ms. Tanya Chemodurow is on the Board of Directors at Opportunity Bank of Montana and Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.
She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Montana.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/01/2016
980


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/30/2015
835


 
Acquisition at $11.76 per share.


9,819





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Peter Joseph Johnson 
President, CEO, Director & Head-Investor Relations




Ms. Rachel R. Amdahl 
Chief Operating Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Laura F. Clark 
Chief Financial Officer, CAO & Senior VP




Ms. Chantelle  Nash 
Secretary, Chief Risk Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Tracy A. Zepeda 
Chief Retail Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Dale  Field 
Chief Credit Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Larry A. Dreyer 
Chairman




Ms. Tanya  Chemodurow 
Independent Director




Ms. Shavon  Cape 
Independent Director




Mr. James A. Maierle 
Vice Chairman




Mr. Lynn E. Dickey 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas J. McCarvel 
Independent Director




Mr. Rick F. Hays 
Independent Director




Ms. Maureen J. Rude 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:30 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:26aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
1:22aBaidu posts first profit in three years
1:13aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, after logging nearly 7% gain for the week
1:05aCredit Suisse profit rises, revenue up slightly
1:04aUBS net profit up as revenues inch past forecasts
1:03aAsian stocks tumble on heels of U.S. tech selloff
11:11pScaramucci says Trump’s love of pizza shows he’s not an elitist — 5 ways rich people act humble
11:11pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
11:10pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:04pA provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































Chemodurow Tanya - Eagle Bancorp Montana Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsChemodurow TanyaEagle Bancorp Montana (EBMT)Director Not RankedChemodurow Tanya's PerformanceChemodurow Tanya has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Eagle Bancorp Montana (EBMT)$15KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesEagle Bancorp Montana (EBMT): DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Eagle Bancorp Montana (EBMT)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Dec 01, 2015 - Dec 01, 2016Gain: +65.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Chemodurow Tanya's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateEBMTEagle Bancorp MontanaDirector$15,336Uninformative Buy$0Nov 02, 2016Success Rate on Stock1 out of 1 profitable transactions on EBMTAverage Profit on StockAverage return per transaction on EBMT 65.0% Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Nov 02, 2016 Uninformative Buy $0 980 $14.71 N/A  Dec 01, 2015 Informative Buy $10K 835 $11.485 65.00% See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by





























Eagle Bancorp Montana Appoints Chemodurow and Cape to Board of Directors | StockGuru SmallCap Alerts on Penny Stocks








































































 


























































FREE: The StockGuru Stock Strategy Fully Explained
























Eagle Bancorp Montana Appoints Chemodurow and Cape to Board of DirectorsPublished on August 25, 2015

Shavon Cape
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 25, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBMT), (the “Company,” “Eagle”), the holding company of Opportunity Bank of Montana, today announced that Tanya Chemodurow and Shavon Cape have been appointed to its Board of Directors and to the Board of Directors of Opportunity Bank of Montana, its wholly owned subsidiary.  
“We are very pleased that Tanya and Shavon are joining our board. Both women are exceedingly well known and highly respected in our local business communities,” stated Larry J. Dreyer, Chairman of the Board. “They bring different strengths to our board and a broad depth of knowledge that should help propel us forward, as we look to grow and expand into new markets.”
Ms. Chemodurow, a resident of Missoula, has been President of Abatement Contractors of Montana, LLC, since 2004. She oversees all aspects of environmental remediation and construction projects, specializing primarily in government contracting, asbestos, lead, mold remediation and general construction. Ms. Chemodurow holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from the University of Montana. 
Ms. Cape, a resident of Bozeman, is co-founder of JWT Capital, LLC a company that develops and operates various real estate ventures and hotels in the Bozeman and Billings markets. Prior to that, she was a Financial Advisor with D.A. Davidson and Wachovia Securities. Ms. Cape holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Marketing from Montana State University. 
Tanya Chemodurow
About the Company
Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in Helena, Montana and is the holding company of Opportunity Bank, a community bank established in 1922 that serves consumers and small businesses in Southern Montana through 13 banking offices. Additional information is available on the bank’s website at www.opportunitybank.com. The shares of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “EBMT.”
Forward Looking Statements
This release may contain certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and may be identified by the use of such words as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “estimated,” and “potential.” These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; competition among depository and other financial institutions; loan demand or residential and commercial real estate values in Montana; inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; adverse changes in the securities markets; and other economic, governmental, competitive, regulatory and technological factors that may affect our operations. Because of these and other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. All information set forth in this press release is current as of the date of this release and the company undertakes no duty or obligation to update this information.
CONTACT: Peter J. Johnson, President and CEO
         (406) 457-4006
         Laura F. Clark, SVP and CFO
         (406) 457-4007
Read it at Business Insider




Kratos Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoFrequency Electronics, Inc. Announces Fiscal Year 2017 ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoPDF Solutions® Reports Second Fiscal Quarter ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoCortland Bancorp Earns $1.2 Million, or $0.26 Per Share, for 2Q17; up 18% from 1Q17Published on 2017-07-279 hours agoMarksmen Announces Update Regarding Private PlacementPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoPernix Therapeutics Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provides Business UpdatePublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoKnoll Reports Second Quarter ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoPlantronics Announces First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoEcho Global Logistics Reports Record Second Quarter Revenue; Up 6% Year over YearPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoFirst Hawaiian, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Declares DividendPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoHarvard Bioscience Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoXenon Pharmaceuticals to Host Conference Call and Webcast to Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provide Corporate UpdatePublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoBJ’s Restaurants, Inc. Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter ResultsPublished on 2017-07-279 hours agoP.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. Announces Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2017Published on 2017-07-2710 hours agoArmanino Named “Best of Accounting” for Client Satisfaction for Second Consecutive YearPublished on 2017-07-2710 hours ago Older posts 















Most Read on StockGuru


Past 24 Hours

Neato Robotics Enhances Executive Team With Appointment of Mark Vena 
Sigma Designs Announces the Engagement of Financial Advisor to Explore Options for Enhancing Stockholder Value 
Promethean Appoints Sue Choe as Chief Financial Officer 
Armanino Named “Best of Accounting” for Client Satisfaction for Second Consecutive Year 
Mirantis Doubles Down on NFV; Optimizing Mirantis Cloud Platform for Telcos 





Last 7 Days

Tom Flottman, Chief Executive Officer and Part Owner of the Flottman Company, Announces His Retirement. 
GCT Global Container Terminals Inc. Announces New President & CEO 
Empire Industries Announces Executive Appointments 
Global Eagle Introduces PRIVA, the New Ultra-High-End Brand 
Nick Ockwell joins White Clarke Group as EVP Operations 





Last 30 Days

Chevron Phillips Chemicals Selects Audubon Engineering Solutions for Main Contractor Framework Agreement 
Imperial Capital Hires Energy Team in Houston 
Tom Flottman, Chief Executive Officer and Part Owner of the Flottman Company, Announces His Retirement. 
Former Salesforce.com Executive Jeff Thomas Joins Periscope Data as Chief Marketing Officer 
Paragon Offshore Completes Restructuring Plan and Emerges From Chapter 11 




















 


Blog
Canadian

Canadian Stock Market Holidays 2017 and 2018

Penny Stock Tips

Five Penny Stock Tips for Beginners
Penny Stock Guide
Profiting from Promoted Stocks
Gold: Should I BUY or SELL Now?
Five Penny Stock Mistakes to Avoid
Top Ten Penny Stocks
Best Gold Stocks
All About Penny Stock Investing
Choosing Penny Stocks
Three Penny Stock Myths
The Art of Picking a Penny Stock
Trading 101

Become a Client

StockGuru
How Long do StockGuru.com Visitors Stay on the Site?
Site Visitors View Lot’s of Pages
Our Demographic Reach (updated)
Demographics

Free Alerts

Success at StockGuru






5 Penny Stock Tips
Penny Stock Brokers
Penny Stock Tips
3 Penny Stock Myths
Penny Stock Guide
Choosing Penny Stocks
Five Ways to Win
Buying Promoted Stocks
Why Penny Stocks?
Going Up? Five Tips
Bogus Research Alert
Perform Due Diligence
Can You Lose Money?
Have What it Takes?
High Volume Pennies
Lock In a Profit!
Pick for A Quick Gain
Gold and GoldStocks
Winning Penny Picks
Technical Analysis?
Stock Breaking Out?
Be A Winning Picker
Own Before You’re 50
Penny Stock beta?
Penny Stocks Gainers
Five Penny Stock Tips
Stop Loss Orders
Avoid These Mistakes














































 






















































Tanya Chemodurow |  | missoulian.com



















You are the owner of this image.

 Edit Image
 Add New Image




























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout









Subscribe
Customer Service




                
                Sections
                
            










                                News
                            



                                        Announcements
                                    


                                        Crime
                                    


                                        Government & Politics
                                    


                                        Local
                                    


                                        National
                                    


                                        State & Regional
                                    


                                        World
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Griz
                                    


                                        High School
                                    


                                        Local
                                    


                                        College
                                    


                                        National
                                    



                                Business
                            






                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Arts and Theatre
                                    


                                        Books
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Contests
                                    


                                        Events
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        People
                                    


                                        Puzzles & Games
                                    


                                        TV
                                    





                                Lifestyles
                            



                                        Food
                                    


                                        Health, Medicine and Fitness
                                    


                                        Home and Garden
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorial
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Submit
                                    



                                Obituaries
                            






                                Buy & Sell
                            



                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Today's Deal
                                    


                                        Place an Ad
                                    


                                        Autos
                                    


                                        Homes
                                    


                                        Rentals
                                    


                                        Open Houses
                                    


                                        Newspaper Ads
                                    



                                Weekly Ads
                            






                                Jobs
                            



                                        Top Jobs
                                    


                                        Work for Us
                                    



                                e-Edition
                            




                                Special Publications
                            






                                Contact
                            



                                        Contact Us
                                    


                                        Subscribe
                                    


                                        Carrier Opportunities
                                    


                                        Dealer Services
                                    


                                        Email Newsletters
                                    



                                Customer service
                            




                                Newsletter Sign-up
                            




























        
        Tanya Chemodurow
    


KURT WILSON/Missoulian

Feb 13, 2012
































































Buy Now


Tanya Chemodurow, co-owner of Abatement Contractors of Montana
LLC, recently graduated from the U.S. Small Business
Administration’s inaugural e200/Emerging Leaders class in Montana.
She says the program has helped her become a more confident and
efficient business manager.


KURT WILSON/Missoulian







As featured on

















        

        
        Program educates entrepreneurs: SBA provides accelerated executive-level training


Already busy with a growing business, "going back to school" was
buried deep on Tanya Chemod…




































































                
                Most Popular
                
            







        

        
        Sunrise fire near Superior commands national attention



        

        
        Montana man dies after 100-foot fall in Glacier National Park



        

        
        Bestselling author Stephen King coming to Missoula in October



        

        
        Trenton Johnson was a scholar and standout athlete, but fate and the forest still took his life



        

        
        Fires continue to rage as western Montana stays dry























promotion





        

        
        Virtual Career Fair


Looking for a new job?  Check out the online career fair today! 






















promotion





        

        
        Nominate the Top Workplace


Love your job?  Nominate your employer for the chance to be honored as one of Western Montana’s Top Workplaces. 











© 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy




















© Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.




























Tanya Chemodurow - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Tanya Chemodurow
Board Member at Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Tanya Chemodurow? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tanya Chemodurow's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tanya Chemodurow's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tanya Chemodurow's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tanya Chemodurow through your network of contacts.
												








Tanya Chemodurow's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.


Past
To view Tanya Chemodurow's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


Tanya Chemodurow's Biography




			Ms. Chemodurow has been President of Abatement Contractors of Montana, LLC, headquartered in Missoula, since 2004. She oversees all aspects of environmental remediation and construction projects, specializing primarily in government contracting, asbestos, lead, mold remediation and general construction. Ms. Chemodurow's small business experience provides valuable insight as the Company expands its commercial lending capabilities.
		
Source: Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. on 03/15/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tanya Chemodurow's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Tanya Chemodurow. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tanya Chemodurow's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tanya Chemodurow's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tanya Chemodurow through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Tanya Chemodurow


















Tanya Chemodurow's Connections (16)





Sign up now to view Tanya Chemodurow's 16 connections »









Tracy A. Zepeda
SVP-Chief Retail Officer, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Michael C. Mundt
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Community Banking Officer, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Laura F. Clark
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Shavon Cape
Board Member, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Peter J. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Rick F. Hays
Board Member, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Lynn E. Dickey
Board Member, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Larry A. Dreyer
Chairman, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









James A. Maierle
Vice Chairman, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.









Thomas J. McCarvel
Board Member, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













    Sara Chemodurow | RealSelf Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 


