










 










Cherry Tree - Fund Info | HedgeLists.com Blog






























































									TRENDING:								



Colony Capital - Hedge Fund Manager Profiles


AlphaNorth Asset Management - Hedge Fund Manager Profil...


Aurum Fund Management - Hedge Fund Manager Profiles

























Home
About
Hedge Fund Manager Profiles
Top Hedge Funds
Jobs
Contact Us
 






Select Page


  










Cherry Tree - Fund Info

Jul 20, 2017 | Hedge Fund Manager Profiles




Cherry Tree
Description
Cherry Tree is a hedge fund based in Minnetonka, MN. Cherry Tree was founded in 1980 and has approximately $200 million in assets under management (AUM). The firm specializes in Investment Banking and M&A.
Contact Info
Cherry Tree
301 Carlson Parkway, Suite 103
Minnetonka, MN 55305
United States
View Map
Phone: 1 952-893-9012
Fax: 1 952-893-9036
http://www.cherrytree.com
Main email: Email AvailableEmail AvailableCloseThis email address is available! Download one of our lists to get over 30 categories of information on each hedge fund including company email, employment email, and emails for executive contacts.   Not sure where to find the list containing this fund? Look below under the heading "Full Information" to view the lists containing information on this fund.
Employment email: Email AvailableEmail AvailableCloseThis email address is available! Download one of our lists to get over 30 categories of information on each hedge fund including company email, employment email, and emails for executive contacts.   Not sure where to find the list containing this fund? Look below under the heading "Full Information" to view the lists containing information on this fund.
Key Stats
Assets under management: $200 million
Year founded: 1980
Investment strategies: Investment Banking  M&A    
Hiring status: Hiring status availableHiring StatusCloseLooking for a hedge fund job? Our lists contain information on which funds are currently hiring. This fund may be hiring. Download the appropriate list for more info.  Not sure where to find the list containing this fund? Look below under the heading "Full Information" to view the lists containing information on this fund.
Key Employees
Tony Christianson, Managing Partner - Email AvailableEmail AvailableCloseThis email address is available! Download one of our lists to get over 30 categories of information on each hedge fund including company email, employment email, and emails for executive contacts.   Not sure where to find the list containing this fund? Look below under the heading "Full Information" to view the lists containing information on this fund.
Managing Partner,
Full Information
Get full fund information for Cherry Tree including company emails, executive contact information, updated AUM, and much more in the following hedge fund lists:
US Hedge Fund List
North America Hedge Fund List
News
[google_news query="Cherry Tree" limit="3" length="130"] 



Share:














 






Related Posts






AlphaWorks - Updated Hedge Fund Company Profiles
November 26, 2013





Colden Capital Advisors - Hedge Fund Manager Profiles
December 18, 2010





Lydian Asset Management - Updated Hedge Fund Company Profiles
February 6, 2014





Riley Paterson Investment Management - Updated Hedge Fund Company Profiles
April 7, 2014





Categories 
Hedge Fund Manager Profiles

Jobs

Top Hedge Funds


 Blogroll

Hedge Fund Lists by Country
Hedge Fund Lists by Region
Hedge Fund Lists by Strategy

 
Hedge Fund Lists 




UK Hedge Fund List





USA
Hedge Fund List



Switzerland
Hedge Fund List



Europe
Hedge Fund List



Fund
of Hedge Funds List



Real
Estate Hedge Fund List



Other Hedge Fund
Lists









   











 
 
 
 

 




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Jan 3, 2017: Cherry Tree Investments - Raises new Fund - Cherry Tree Fund II | crunchbase
qqfwbstbDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Cherry Tree InvestmentsJanuary 3, 2017 - Raises new Fund - Cherry Tree Fund IITop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdateFund Name:Cherry Tree Fund IIAnnounced On:January 3, 2017Started Investing:undisclosedAmount Raised:$10.25MInvestors:unknownAdd InvestorsAdd NewsAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U



	Cherry Tree | Investment banking/wealth management	
























 














































Investment Banking Cherry Tree and Associates provides investment banking services through its FINRA-licensed broker dealer. Its M&A practice targets successful business leaders and established corporations to creatively build value, and to maximize liquidity opportunities by executing professionally managed transactions. Additionally, our firm raises money for growth companies through institutional private placements, conducts valuations and fairness opinions and performs strategic advisory services that help companies grow and prosper.
 

Wealth Management Cherry Tree’s affiliate, Adam Smith Advisors (ASA), provides wealth management services to assist successful business leaders and families in managing their net worth. It also manages 401K retirement plans for growing companies. ASA uses Asset Allocation Strategies and low fee index funds, to implement an Individually Tailored Investment Plan for each client.   Adam Smith is a Registered Investment Advisor.
 















1.952.893.9012|info@cherrytree.com














 




 

About Uscharif2016-01-07T12:52:17+00:00 
 
Cherry Tree is a premier investment banking and wealth management firm focusing on the middle market. Established in 1980, the firm has its headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where it specializes in providing M&A and other financial advisory services to business owners, financial sponsors, family offices, and large corporations.
Welcome to Cherry TreeCherry Tree & Associates (located in Minneapolis, MN) provides investment banking services through our FINRA-licensed broker dealer. Its M&A practice targets successful business leaders and established corporations to creatively build value, and to maximize liquidity opportunities by executing professionally managed transactions. Additionally, our firm raises money for growth companies through institutional private placements, conducts valuations and fairness opinions, and performs strategic advisory services that help companies grow and prosper.
Cherry Tree’s affiliate, Adam Smith Advisors (ASA), provides wealth management services to assist successful business leaders and families in managing their net worth. It also manages 401K retirement plans for growing companies. ASA uses Asset Allocation Strategies and low fee index funds, to implement an Individually Tailored Investment Plan for each client. Adam Smith is a Registered Investment Advisor.Cherry Tree OverviewOur Company MissionOur mission is simply to “help business owners and executives get where they want to go.” This may mean engagements to create liquidity through a strategic sale or recapitalization, advice and help in funding growth strategies, assistance in acquiring other businesses, technical help in valuing companies and wealth management services to manage and grow net worth. Cherry Tree prides itself in maintaining an approachable, adaptive and supportive culture for both our clients and employees.Our PhilosophyOur overriding philosophy is to be “Client-Centric” – thinking of our clients first and foremost. We strive to establish great working relationships with owners and management teams that instill trust and mutual respect. We staff our projects with senior-level personnel to ensure they get direct access to both our best professionals and the deep transaction experience throughout our firm. Our teams work diligently and in close partnership with our clients to develop timely and successful closings, and when there are unforeseen bumps-in-the-road, we are supportive, creative and patient. In all engagements, we enjoy the opportunity and privilege of working alongside driven business executives and entrepreneurial leaders.Industry FocusOur Managing Directors, Directors, Principals, Associates and Analysts have a diverse and broad experience level covering many industries. While we have experience in many diverse industries, each Managing Director has an industry sector in which they specialize. Primary focus sectors include: IT Services, Education, Business Services, Information and Media, Software, and Manufacturing/Distribution. We also have a significant experience level in multi-unit, consumer and agricultural businesses. Knowing our client’s industry and understanding their business is critical to strategically position the company, develop comprehensive buyers/investors lists, and engage in company-specific discussions that help to ensure a closing.Management ExperienceOur Managing Directors encompass a broad experience level and background mix which include the following: Chief Executive Officers, CFOs (public company), Corporate Business Developers, Investment Bankers, Accounting Professionals, and Private Equity/Venture investors. Our team also has broad governance and leadership experience as board members of over 80 private and public companies. For more on our management team click here.Company HistoryCherry Tree, headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, was founded in 1980 as a private equity/venture capital firm. After successfully managing four partnerships during the 1980s and 1990s, the firm migrated to investment banking and wealth management as its main business lines. Our firm now specializes in serving business owners, driven management teams, and large corporations in M&A and other transactions that create value. Our founders, Gordon Stofer and Tony Christianson, have collectively been members on over 70 boards of directors, worked with over 200 different companies, and advised on hundreds of M&A and financing transactions in their 35+ years of partnership.Investment Banking
Overview

Mergers & Acquisitions

Private Placements

Strategic Advisory

Valuations
Wealth Management
Overview

Our Philosophy

Process & Strategy

401K Plans

Our Team


























Cherry Tree - HedgeFundJobList














































































sales@hedgefundjoblist.com



 









High Quality Hedge Fund Lists & Private Equity Lists 




Home
About
Prices/Lists
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Contact









 

 





­ 



Previous Next 

Cherry Tree 



Cherry Tree – Hedge Fund Company Info
Description:
Cherry Tree is a hedge fund management company based in Southlake, TX and has approximately $200 million in assets under management. Cherry Tree specializes in Investment Banking and M&A and was founded in 1980.
Contact Details
 
Address:
950 E. State Highway 114, Suite 160
Southlake, TX 76092
United States
Phone/Fax:
Phone: 972-275-233
Fax: 888-377-841
Other Contact Details:
Website: www.cherrytree.com
Main Company Email: ….@cherrytree.com
Fund Size:
Current AUM: Available
Basic Fund Details:
Investment Strategies: Investment Banking  M&A  
SEC Registered: No
Year Founded: 1980
Key Employees:
Tony…, Managing Partner
Key Executive Details
Other Details:
Employment Info:
Career/HR Email: ….@cherrytree.com
Hiring Status: Available
Download Info In Excel Format
Find 30 categories of updated info on Cherry Tree including all of the above info in the below lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE List
×Cherry Tree Main Email Address
The main corporate email address for Cherry Tree is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Cherry Tree AUM
Updated assets under management information for Cherry Tree is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Cherry Tree Client InfoInformation on clients of Cherry Tree is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Cherry Tree Executive Contacts
Full details for top executives at Cherry Tree, including name, position, and email addresses are available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×Cherry Tree Employment InfoInterested in a job with Cherry Tree? Our unique “hiring status” column shows you if they are currently hiring new employees. Also access their HR/Career emails as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose 


Popular
Recent






United States Hedge Fund List

													May 27th, 2016												




Lake Hill Capital Management

													September 19th, 2016												




Top 75 US Hedge Funds 2016

													May 27th, 2016												








Manning Napier Advisors

													September 29th, 2016												




CEA Principal Advisors Group

													September 29th, 2016												




Woodside Capital Partners

													September 29th, 2016												
















Tags@
Absolute Return
Aerospace/Defense
Arbitrage
AUM
Business Services
clients
Commodities
Consumer Products
Convertibles
Credit
Distressed Assets
Distribution
Email address
Emerging Markets
Energy
Equity
Event Driven
Financial Services
Fixed Income
Food and Beverage
founded
Fund of Funds
Funds
Global Equity
Global Macro
Health Care
Hedge Fund
Industrials
Investment Bank
Investment Banking
Long/Short
Managed Futures
Manufacturing
Media
Middle Market
Multi Strategy
phone
Private Equity
Real Estate
Services
Small Cap
Technology
Value
Ventures


By admin|2016-07-14T10:37:22+00:00July 14th, 2016|Hedge Fund, Investment Banking, M&A|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
 

About the Author: admin 

 






Comments are closed.


 
 
  
 
 
 




















Peachtree Equity Partners - Investment Criteria











Home
Investment Criteria
Team
Fund I
Fund II
Contact






Investment Criteria
Company Profile

EBITDA of $2MM - $10MM 
Proven Management Team with Significant Ownership
Potential for Growth in Stable or Growing Industry
Differentiated Service or Product Offering

Investment Size and Structure

$3MM to $10MM per transaction
Subordinated Debt (Mezzanine) with Cash Interest and Warrants
Preferred Stock
Five Year Term; Flexible Amortization; Board Rights
Ability to invest both Mezzanine and Equity

Use of Proceeds

Organic Growth Initiative
Add-On Acquisition
Recapitalization
Management Buyout or Spin-Off
ESOPs

Industries

Manufacturing
Healthcare
Business Services
Consumer
Government Contracting
Education
Financial Services (non-lending)
Media & Communications








                © 2009-2013, Peachtree II, L.P.  All rights reserved.
            





Catalyst Construction Management, Inc.











Home
Construction Philosophy
Clients Served
Environmental Initiative
News
Contact



Clients Served:
Commercial Office / Warehouse 


Acacia @ Lakeside 
          All My Sons Moving 
          Allied Solutions 
          Ambassador Medical 
          AmeriVest Properties 
          ATAPCO of Indiana 
          Bell Tech Logix 
          Benefit Associates 
          Bernard - Lochmueller Associates
          Bi-State Packaging 
          Bishop Distributing 
          Box Shoppe 
          Bradley Montgomery 
          Brenwick Development 
          Canterbury Farms 
          Castle Corner Retail Center Renovation 
          CCR Companies 
          CFG Wealth Management 
          CFS, LLC. 
          Central Indiana Surgery Center 
          Chemstock 
          Colliers Turley Martin Tucker 
          Consumer Credit Counseling 
          Crown Tech. / GM Plant - Ft. Wayne 
          Custom Warehouse Inc. 
          Day Nursery 
          Distinct A-V 
          Domestic Linen Supply 
          Electronic Data Systems Corp. 
          Environmental Safety Assurance 
          Equity Office Properties 
          Fairchild Communications 
          FC Tucker 
          Fiducial USA 
          First American Title 
          First Industrial Realty Trust
Flex Manufacturing 
          Floor Traders
          Fox Box, Inc. 
          Gateway Building - 851 Spec Suite
          Gotlieb & Wertz 
          Grant Communications 
          GSA / U.S. Customs 
          GSA / U.S. Department of Agriculture 
          Heitman Properties of Indiana 
          HIS Constructors 
          Huttig Building Products 
          Indiana Minerals Aggregates Association 
          Imperial Distribution 
          Indiana Fiber Network 
          Indy School of Gymnastics 
          Interactive Intelligence 
          International Truck 
          Investors Title Corporation 
          Irwin Mortgage 
          ITT Educational Services 
          IUPUI 
          Ivy Tech State College 
          J & J Enterprises / Resolute 
          Johnson County Attorney General Office 
          Julie O'Brien Design - New Offices 
          Kennedy Wilson Properties of Indiana Ltd. 
          Kids Peace 
          King Systems 
          Klipsch 
          Knights of Columbus 
          Liberty Mutual 
          Lifecare 
          Mann Properties / Glasstrology 
          Meridian Real Estate
          Merry Maids 
          MILSO Industries
Morgan and Associates 
          Mussett Nicholas Associates, LLC. 
          National Expo 
          Nova Hydraulics 
          Pen Products 
          PRC DeSoto 
          Precedent Retail Center 
          Precision Digital 
          Preferred Imaging 
          Pyramids Office Park 
          On Ramp Medical 
          Orbit Tech 
          Orbit Medical 
          Osram Sylvania 
          Rapid Delivery of Indiana 
          Resort Condominiums International 
          Signature Architecture 
          Smallwood Plaza CIP 
          Steel Parts Federal Credit Union
          Talon Group 
          The Art Institute 
          Trader Publishing / Employment Guide 
          Trammel Crow Company 
          TriVirix International 
          TruGreen 
          Union Planters Bank 
          Velocity Express 
          Village Square, LLP. 
          WEI / Warehouse Equipment Inc. 
          Wells Fargo Home Mortgage 
          Windrose Medical Corporate Offices 
          Wild Birds Unlimited 
          Yahama 
        XpedX


 
 
Commerical Buildings - New


Allisonville, LLC. / Waterford Gardens 
          Brenwick Realty - Village of West Clay 
          Burford Medical Office Building Phase I & II
          CFS, LLC. 
          Copeland Companies 
          Cherry Tree Crossing II 
          Dr. Burford Office Building Phase I & II
          First Indiana Bank- Mooresville, IN
Flagstar Bank 
          Harlem Furniture- Greenwood 
          Harley Davidson & Honda of Indianapolis 
          Indianapolis Police Department Credit Union 
          Indy SAAB / SAAB of Fishers 
          JUS-COM Telecommunications 
        Khara Spa - Village of West Clay
        Miller Pipeline Corporation 
Mosele Architects - Village of West Clay 
          Pearson Ford 
          PetsMart @ Raceway Plaza 
          Roomsplace Furniture Shell - Avon 
          Sterkx Building - Village of West Clay 
          Studio Midwest - Advertising Photography 
        World Wide Motors / Mercedes Benz


 
Not for Profit:


Auntie Mames Child Development Ctr. 
          Central Indiana Community Foundation 
          Coleman Adoption Services, Inc.
          Community Centers of Indianapolis 
          Evans House 
          Day Nursery 
          Family Services Association 
          Genesaret Free Clinic 
        Health Recovery Program- Gennesaret
Happy Hollow Children's Camp, Inc. 
          Harborview Renovation - Aurora 
          Heartland Church 
          Horizon House 
          Indiana Housing Authority 
          KIPP Schools of Indiana 
          Legacy Fund 
          Northview Christian Life Church 
        NPower Indiana 
Reach for Youth 
          Social Health Association of Indiana 
          The Children's Bureau 
          The Indianapolis Foundation 
          The Indianapolis Legal Aid Society 
          The William E. English Foundation 
        Thrifty Threads / The Julian Center


 
Retail / Restaurant / Automobile Dealerships


4:59 BarberLounge 
          Brand Photo & Design
          Classic Cleaners- Village of West Clay 
          CT's Panini Grill 
          City Coffee and Tea 
          Cloud 9 Spa
          Crystal Catering 
          Dyno-Jax Inc. 
          Ducati Motorcycles 
          Entrée Vous 
          Expressions Custom Furniture 
          G.T. South's Rib House 
          Harley Davidson of Indianapolis 
          IM- X Pilates - Village of West Clay 
        Indy SAAB / SAAB of Fishers
Indy Victory & Polaris Motorsports 
          Marcy J Salon - Village of West Clay 
          Noble Roman's- Anderson, Indiana 
          Pearson Ford - Zionsville, Indiana 
          Spicy Pickle- Fishers, IN 
          Spicy Pickle- Castleton, IN 
          Starbucks Coffee- Broad Ripple 
          Subway - 116th Street 
          Subway - Allisonville Road 
          Subway - Fishers, Indiana 
          Subway- Greenwood, Indiana 
          Subway - Lapel, Indiana 
          Subway - Noblesville, Indiana 
        Subway - Rockville Road 
        Subway - Tipton, Indiana 
Subway - Zionsville, Indiana 
          Sunglass Excitement - Clay Terrace 
          SVS Vision 
          The Roomplace - Harlem Furniture Castleton 
          The Roomplace - Harlem Furniture Greenwood 
          The Village Pet- Village of West Clay 
          V. Van Tiem Gallery- Village of West Clay 
          Villaggio Day Spa 
          Villaggio Day Spa- Zionsville 
          We B Tans 
          West Clay Café 
        World Wide Motors / Mercedes Benz


 
Medical / Healthcare


Dr. Greg Sweeney 
          Dr. Phillips / Olio Dental 
          Dr. Sally Booth 
          Dr. Newman & Dr. Soloman 
          Dr. Logan
          Dr. Cope DDS
          Dental Reconstructive Services 
        Dunlop Occupational Health
Fairbanks Hospital 
          Indiana Association of Rehabilitation 
          Methodist Occupational Health-Ft. Wayne 
          Methodist Occupational Health- Goshen 
          Methodist Occupational Health- Indianapolis 
        Methodist Occupational Health- Georgetown 
        Methodist Occupational Health- Greenwood 
          Parkview Medical Clinic 
Resource Group Home 
United Healthcare Group - Vincennes
Whitson Vision 
Wishard Health Services 
Women's Hospital of Indianapolis


 


©2013 Catalyst Construction Management, Inc.


 










Oct 1, 2013: Cherry Tree Investments - Raises new Fund - Cherry Tree Fund I | crunchbase
qqfwbstbDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Cherry Tree InvestmentsOctober 1, 2013 - Raises new Fund - Cherry Tree Fund ITop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdateFund Name:Cherry Tree Fund IAnnounced On:October 1, 2013Started Investing:October 1, 2013Amount Raised:$12MInvestors:unknownAdd InvestorsAdd NewsAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U





Cherry Tree Trust | Small Business Support






























































0%



















 





 

 

Rented office in the business district 

Closing deals every week 

Just bought a decent suit 

Ready to take it to the next level 

 

 

 

 

Get Started 







 

 

Tax Payer 

Entrepreneur 

Miracle Worker 


Now on solid footing for the future 

 

 

 

 

Get Started 







 

 

Construction company owner 

Hardest Worker On-site 

World's Greatest Dad 

Now financially secure 

 

 

 

 

Get Started 


 








About Us


The Cherry Tree Trust is a privately funded charity (charity no. 1014) established on 31 January, 2012.
Charles Pink, one of the founders and Trustee Chairperson is a career banker who spent seven years living in the Caribbean. Whilst there, he developed an appreciation for the Caribbean and a wider interest in being part of its further development.
Charles’s idea is a simple one: To foster growth by finding a way to support small businesses.
Micro business interests and entrepreneurs typically find starting out or expanding a business very difficult.
Often this is because of difficulty accessing start up or other investment capital due to the inability to provide security or verifiable trading records.
The Cherry Tree Trust contributes to job creation by giving micro businesses the opportunity to create jobs, to thrive and thereby contribute to the ongoing socio-economic development of Barbados.
The Cherry Tree Trust is a charitable organization in that while it must earn to support administrative costs the capital and seed money owned by the Trust is purely from private donations.

 View Profiles
 





Meet the Team
 









 




Charles Pink
Director & Trustee



Charles is a British born career banker. His 31 year career commenced with Barclays in the UK, then CIBC First Caribbean International Bank (CIBC) in the Caribbean and finally with Commonwealth Bank o...





 




Renee Kowlasser
Director & Trustee



Renee's experience spans many years in public accounting in Toronto and Barbados, and in finance and management in both the onshore and offshore banking sectors in Barbados. She holds a Bachelor of Co...





 




Ella Hoyos
Director & Trustee



Ella N. Hoyos, a former journalist, is an Attorney-at-Law in private practice.  She started her professional career in the Barbados international business sector where she advised many international b...





 




Peter Hall
Director & Trustee



Peter is a Jamaican, born in Antigua now living in Barbados. The Caribbean is home to him in so many ways. Peter came to Barbados in 2002 and led the Human Resources and subsequently the Marketing fun...





 




Ade Ogun
Director & Trustee; Treasurer



Ade is a chartered financial accountant (Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (UK)) and Business Analyst with experience working in public and private sector companies. She cam...





 




Sasha Sheehy
Genernal Manager



Sasha has over 18 years of experience in working in the finance industry in the Caribbean. Prior to relocating to Barbados in June 2013, Sasha worked for over 15 years at the Jamaica Money Market Brok...





 




Sheila Leacock
General Manager



Sheila was born in St. Lucia and has lived in Barbados for over 30 years. Sheila has a Bachelor of Science degree (Natural Science) from The University of the West Indies. She worked in the Public Sec...



 


















 








Vision
To foster economic and social growth by enabling small businesses to get started or to get support to grow.










Ambition
We are ambitious for our clients and work with you to realise potential.






Passion
We care about what we do and what you do.






Partnership
We build close, long term, personalised relationships based on trust.





Support Us with a Donation





 











   
 All Content © Copyright 2016 to The Cherry Tree Trust Inc. | All Rights Reserved | Website Developed by Cloud Island 






Home
About Us
How it Works
Get Started
Forms & Downloads
Contact Us



























