       Home - Chevy Chase Trust                                                        Investment Advisors     Register Login                 Chevy Chase Trust Our Vision WATCH VIDEO           								In the Media							       								In the Media							   The $26 Billion woman - Read the Washington Business Journal’s feature on Amy Raskin, Chief Investment Officer, who is responsible for overseeing $26 billion in active and passive investments at Chevy Chase Trust.   Posted in: Featured, People        								Noteworthy							       								Noteworthy							   Don’t just take our word for it. - At Chevy Chase Trust, we specialize in global research and thematic investing informed by careful planning, and it's working. Forbes and RIA Channel recently ranked us among the highest in their Top 100 list, for 2 years running. Important Disclosures  Posted in: Featured        								Noteworthy							       								Noteworthy							   Investment Update, Second Quarter 2017 - Global equity markets rose during the first half of 2017. In fact, annualized returns are on pace for the fifth best showing in 30 years. The MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) generated a total return of 4.45% during the second quarter of 2017, bringing its year-to-date return to 11.82%.  Posted in: Investment Update, Noteworthy             								Other News  							     Investment Update, Second Quarter 2017 - Global equity markets rose during the first half of 2017. In fact, annualized returns are on pace for the fifth best showing in 30 years. The MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) generated a total return of 4.45% during the second quarter of 2017, bringing its year-to-date return to 11.82%.  Posted in: Investment Update, NoteworthyGlobal equity markets rose during the first half of 2017. In fact, annualized returns are on pace for the fifth best showing in 30 years. The MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) generated a total return of 4.45% during the second quarter of 2017, bringing its year-to-date return to 11.82%. Although the total return for the S&P 500 Index was below that of the ACWI, the S&P still generated a healthy total return of 3.09% for the second quarter and 9.34% year-to-date. The S&P outperformed most global indices each of the past four years. But relative economic conditions and policy positions have changed and it is not surprising the U.S. has lagged most non-U.S. markets in 2017. Despite this strong performance, investor sentiment is less sanguine. One potential reason is political uncertainty. History has proven that when it comes to investing, it pays to be apolitical. Tying investing to politics tends to be a losing proposition or, at least, a fleeting proposition. We believe that equity markets generally align with economic fundamentals. Strong post-election returns of some stocks based on beneficial exposure to proposed U.S. infrastructure spending and/or tax reform has reversed during the first half of 2017. In our opinion, current equity market valuations are not dependent on new fiscal stimulus. In fact, we believe at this point in the cycle, fiscal stimulus would be counterproductive and likely lead to further tightening of monetary policy which would, in turn, hurt economic growth and equity market multiples. Broadly speaking, we continue to be in a low growth, low inflation environment. This is a positive backdrop for equity markets. While the sheer length of the current U.S. expansion, now over eight years and the third longest in the post-war era, is worrying to many, expansions do not die of old age. Rather, they usually end by some combination of Federal Reserve tightening and the unwinding of built-up imbalances. During the most recent Federal Reserve meeting in mid-June, Chairwoman Yellen reaffirmed that the Fed remains inclined toward more rate hikes. This is our biggest concern. We think the Fed has just about exhausted its ability to raise rates without hurting the economy and equity markets. As growth and inflation data continue to come in below expectations, we think the current Fed stance will soften and slow (as it has done several times in recent years). If we’re right, it will support current or even slightly higher equity market multiples. Today’s economic imbalances are not as severe as those leading up to past recessions. The ratio of household debt-to-disposable income is still close to post-recession lows. Corporate debt-to-GDP is relatively high and somewhat concerning, but cash flow growth seems adequate to cover the increase in debt, and credit spreads remain extremely low. If corporate profitability declines for any reason, debt levels could become an issue. We don’t think this is a risk in the near term, but the end of the business cycle is likely closer in the U.S. than other major economies. Given this backdrop, we have added a new theme to portfolios to reflect this shift in global positioning.   Investment Themes Our themes capitalize on secular trends, disruptive ideas, innovations and economic forces that are reshaping the world. Thematic portfolios include growth and value stocks, large and small capitalization stocks and companies with different geographic domiciles and global exposures. Each theme spans multiple sectors with macroeconomic conditions influencing sector, factor and geographic weightings. Five major themes shape our portfolios.  Molecular Medicine Will Revolutionize Healthcare Breakthroughs in genomic science are changing the practice of medicine. Genomic sequencing technology, clinical knowledge and data analytics are converging to deliver novel treatments and diagnostics that will improve medical outcomes and usher in a new era of healthcare.  The sequencing market was approximately $5 billion in 2015. It is expected to grow to over $21 billion by 2020. The cost of sequencing is declining rapidly. Ten years ago it cost almost $10 million to sequence one genome. Today it costs between $1,000 and $2,000. Less than one million genomes have been sequenced to date. By 2025, 25% of the population in the U.S. will likely have their genome sequenced. Genetic information is increasingly being used to better treat many diseases, including cancers. Genomic data is doubling every seven months.   After a Hundred Year Migration to Suburbia, the U.S. is Urbanizing Urbanization trends are occurring across the country influenced by demographics, changes in city planning, shifts in the housing market and new business models that leverage population density. Urban living has profound economic implications, changing behavior, spending and consumption patterns.  Population growth in metro areas is now outpacing growth in non-metro regions. Urban areas have significantly higher income levels and more money is spent on clothing, education, travel and food outside the home. On-demand services, such as UBER, GrubHub and FreshDirect, are enabled by increasing population densities. These services are leading to an even greater divide between spending and consumption patterns in urban and non-urban areas. Rentership (versus home ownership) is increasing in every age cohort. Expectations are for at least an additional 4.4 million renter households by 2025. Suburban and near-urban population centers increasingly include urban-style developments to accommodate walkable “downtowns” and other urban amenities.    Next Generation Automation is Extending Beyond the Auto Industry Automation that was concentrated in automobile production in the developed world is now penetrating other industries such as retail, food service, and even healthcare. This will lead to improved productivity, dramatic shifts in supply chains and growing end markets for technology components and industrial equipment.  Improvements in machine vision, connectivity and programming/software are enabling robotics to extend beyond the factory floor. Amazon now employs over 80,000 mobile robots in warehouses and fulfillment centers, up from only 1,000 a few years ago. Amazon’s sales per square foot are over $1,800 versus approximately $200 for traditional retail stores. We estimate that shipments of industrial robots will increase five-fold this decade. Pricing for optical sensors used in machine vision has fallen from over $100 per megapixel in 2001 to less than $1 per megapixel today.    Intellectual Capital, Data and User Networks Create New and Sustainable Moats Traditionally hard to measure assets such as access to nonpublic consumer data, intellectual capital (including R&D and proprietary technology), and robust user networks have become increasingly valuable. These properties provide competitive advantages and barriers to entry and have led to sustainably high returns for a select group of pioneering companies.  The value of intellectual capital has held up better than that of traditional assets in recent years. Companies in the top-quintile of R&D spending-to-market capitalization have outperformed the market by 6% per annum since 1975 and more than that this decade. Increases in brand value have a strong correlation to long-term outperformance. The productivity gap between companies is widening. Between 2001 and 2013 the top 5% of firms within each industry generated productivity growth of 3% per annum, the remaining 95% saw productivity growth of less than 0.5%. In an increasing number of sectors, it has been “winner-take-all” or “winner-take-most” with one or two companies attracting the top talent and garnering most market share in a particular industry.    The U.S. Business Cycle Will End Before Others With unemployment below 4.5% and the potential for future interest rate increases, it is likely that the U.S. business cycle will end before business cycles in other developed markets run their course. This may well end the multi-year stretch of U.S. outperformance and impact sector leadership in the second half of 2017 and beyond.  The U.S. Federal Reserve has now raised rates four times. Current guidance is for at least one more increase in 2017. Another rate hike would bring the Fed Funds rate very close to, or potentially above, the neutral rate. This would mean monetary policy would shift from accommodative to restrictive. The Fed has also indicated that it would begin to reduce its balance sheet by year end. This would also be a form of tightening monetary policy. Conversely, central banks in Europe have much more room to maintain accommodative monetary policies, given the significantly higher levels of unemployment and very low inflation. European GDP growth outpaced U.S. GDP growth last year and is on track to do so again in 2017. The Bank of Japan is also likely to remain accommodative for the foreseeable future. Additionally, Japanese companies have been making important changes in corporate governance, which should benefit shareholders.     Fixed Income For most of the quarter, performance in global fixed income markets seemed to indicate bond investors were pessimistic about prospects for global growth and inflation. Global bond yields fell steadily from mid-March through mid-June before rebounding in the last two weeks of the quarter. The U.S. ten-year bond yield was 2.60% on March 14th. It fell to a low of 2.12% on June 14th, then rebounded to 2.30% to end the quarter. Similarly, ten-year German bond yields yielded 0.44% in mid-March, fell to 0.26% in mid-June and then rebounded to 0.38%. Interestingly, the low point in U.S. bond yields coincided with the June Federal Reserve Board meeting. We suspect that some of the recent rebound in yields is due to more dovish commentary coming from Fed Governors. Paradoxically, if the Fed does not slow its rate increases, we’d expect the increase in long-term yields to be short lived. Yields could fall to 2.0% or even a bit lower. However, if the Fed pauses, as we expect, it is likely ten-year bond yields will trade between 2.3% and 2.6% as was the case for most of the first quarter. Overall, our positioning has not changed. We construct well-diversified, high-quality portfolios with short-intermediate durations. The average duration of our bond holdings is approximately 3.25 to 3.5 years and the vast majority of our bonds are investment grade.   Subscribe to our quarterly Investment Update  Spencer Smith featured on Gray TV: “Robot revolution: Is your job at risk?” - Spencer Smith, Director of Research, was interviewed for an article regarding the rise of artificial intelligence and robotics. Posted in: NoteworthySpencer Smith, Director of Research, was interviewed for an article regarding the potential impact of artificial intelligence and robotics on employment. Smith stated that the change will not be immediate, “There really are no jobs being taken away by our artificial intelligence right now. It only has very small, specific applications.” Smith predicts robots and automation could eventually displace jobs, but it will be a gradual transition. Gray TV is a Washington, D.C. based news bureau that provides stories nationwide to local outlets. Click here to view the full story.  Chevy Chase Trust hosts John O. Brennan for Spring Reception - Chevy Chase Trust was proud to host John O. Brennan, former Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (2013-2017) on April 24, 2017.  Posted in: Events, NoteworthyChevy Chase Trust was proud to host John O. Brennan, former Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (2013-2017) on April 24, 2017. Mr. Brennan worked at the CIA from 1980-2005 during which time he served in the Directorate of Intelligence, was the agency’s intelligence briefer to President Clinton, was Chief of Staff to George Tenet and served as deputy executive director until 2003. He then led a multiagency effort to establish what would become the National Counterterrorism Center. He also served President Obama as Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism. Miles O’Brien, an award-winning independent broadcast journalist, moderated a discussion with Mr. Brennan on wide-ranging topics including the Russian government’s interference in the U.S. presidential election, the dangers associated with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and a nuclear-armed North Korea, and cyber warfare and our growing dependence on the internet. Mr. Brennan also commented on the complicated security and intelligence issues with Syria, and government surveillance on U.S. citizens. The evening concluded with Mr. Brennan and Mr. O’Brien joining guests for a cocktail reception in the Chevy Chase Trust Galleria.  Investment Update, First Quarter 2017 - During the first quarter of 2017, the S&P 500 Index generated a total return of 6.07%. Almost all of the gain, 5.36%, occurred between early February and early March. Since the election, the S&P has returned slightly over 10%. Posted in: Investment Update, NoteworthyDuring the first quarter of 2017, the S&P 500 Index generated a total return of 6.07%. Almost all of the gain, 5.36%, occurred between early February and early March. Since the election, the S&P has returned slightly over 10%. While the prospect of market-friendly policies has contributed, we believe most of the move is underpinned by strength in economic data. As it stands now, we are in the second longest bull market since 1928. It is logical to think about how and when it will end. The challenge for bears is that there are few signs of speculative excess that normally accompany the start of a bear market. Further, there is a real risk of exiting too early. On average, the final two years of a bull market have represented over 40% of the total return for the cycle. Over the last 80 years, the smallest equity return in the final two years of a bull market was 30%, with median returns of 45%. While we are not expecting returns of this magnitude, we think equities will outperform most other asset classes in 2017.   The Economy and Inflation We generally agree with Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s assessment of the economy. During the most recent Federal Open Market Committee press conference in mid-March, she said that, “the simple message is the economy is doing well.” Indeed, the moderate pace of growth that has prevailed since the beginning of the recovery means that the typical imbalances and pressure points that accumulate in the advanced stages of a business cycle are, so far, still absent. Inflation has remained low, which has frustrated some, but we believe is beneficial for financial markets. Inflation-driven growth often feels good in the short term. Paychecks rise and debt becomes easier to repay. However, over longer periods of time, higher inflation tends to lead to tighter monetary policies and, eventually, recessions. For people on a fixed income, like retirees, even moderate levels of inflation can be problematic. As illustrated in this chart, equity market price-earnings multiples begin to compress when inflation rises above 4%.                            From an investment perspective, we are encouraged by the muted increase in U.S. wage growth. In March, the Fed revised its estimate of full employment to 4.7% from 4.8%. This may seem minor, but it suggests that policymakers believe the labor market has not yet tightened enough to push wage inflation higher. We would not be surprised to see the Federal Open Market Committee continue to trim its forecast for the structural unemployment rate in the coming quarters. We think it could fall as low as 4.2%-4.3% before we see inflationary pressure. This is critical because cycles typically peak when unemployment falls below NAIRU (the non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment). We are not there yet.  Investments Although inflation can feel like a “quick fix,” the only true way to raise standards of living and increase durable, aggregate, real wealth is through productivity growth. Productivity growth is difficult to engineer and almost impossible to engineer quickly. It usually requires years of capital investment and technological breakthroughs. As thematic investors, we spend most of our time researching innovations that can influence productivity growth and impact the economy.    The $100 Genome – The first successful sequencing of the whole human genome concluded in 2003. It took over a decade and cost approximately $3 billion. In January 2017, Illumina announced a new genomic sequencer that will have the capacity to sequence an entire human genome in less than an hour for about $100. Although the cost of genomic sequencing has been falling steadily and precipitously, many oncologists and industry experts we talk to say it is this latest breakthrough that has the potential to spur far greater market penetration and to radically change the course of treatment for certain cancers. Today it can take days or even weeks for doctors to receive comprehensive sequencing results for a tumor. In cases where cancer has metastasized, this relatively short period of time can be too long to wait to start treatment. The oncologist must prescribe medication and/or procedures without a complete genomic analysis. If the doctor could get statistically significant results in hours, rather than days, the calculus changes. We expect a significant increase in the number of genetic tests, and more important, an improvement in cancer treatment as a result of this breakthrough.  Thematic Investment – Chevy Chase Trust has invested in the global leader in DNA sequencing technologies and the leading provider of comprehensive genomic testing. The latter identifies the molecular alterations in a patient’s cancer and matches them with relevant targeted therapies, immunotherapies and clinical trials. We also invest in pharmaceutical companies with promising immune-oncology drugs currently on the market and in clinical trials. Because deciphering genetic information is extremely data intensive, several of our technology holdings will be direct beneficiaries of these developments.     Just Walk Out Shopping – Anyone who has tried to “run into a store to pick up a few things” and ended up waiting in line too long will be pleased that very soon lines may disappear. Last December, Amazon opened an Amazon Go store. There are no cashiers, no lines, and no waiting for the chip reader to chirp “Please Remove Your Card.” Walk in, pick up what you need and walk out. The purchases are posted to your Amazon account as you leave the store. Amazon has not revealed the technical details behind the Go stores. A combination of artificial intelligence, machine vision, RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) and sensor technologies make Amazon’s “just walk out shopping” possible and importantly, replicable. Amazon plans to expand Go stores later this year. Productivity innovations often come with some adverse consequences. Currently, cashiers are the second largest job category in the U.S.  Thematic Investment – Chevy Chase Trust owns Amazon in most client portfolios. As the leader in this initiative, it will clearly have a first-mover advantage. However, Amazon is likely not the only or biggest beneficiary from this technological breakthrough. With Amazon’s annual revenue projected to be $165 billion this year, it is unlikely that the Go stores will be a large contributor to revenue or significantly influence the stock price. However, Amazon’s effort may further erode market share from some already struggling traditional retailers. Avoiding companies in the bullseye of creative disruption is a core element of thematic investing. On the other hand, enablers of the technology will benefit. We currently own the global leader in machine vision systems as well as a leading manufacturer of scanning systems. Both will likely see sales rise as competitors upgrade or fully replace their own check out systems to try to compete.     The U.S. as an Energy Exporter – One of the least discussed, but extremely consequential goals of the new Administration is to accelerate the transformation of the U.S. into an energy exporter. The Administration is on track to restart several dozen energy projects that were either canceled or mothballed by legislation and regulation during the prior administration. If the U.S. meets this goal, it will be a political achievement that will be further enabled by technology. Technological advances in oil extraction have led to a huge increase in productivity, shifting the global cost curve downward. In the Permian basin, for example, oil production-per-rig increased by 350% in the last few years, lowering the break-even points for U.S. shale operators. This progress has led to a boost in production, while supporting profitability in a lower-price environment. The economic and geopolitical consequences of reducing U.S. dependency on foreign oil and potentially even becoming an energy exporter could be game changing.  Thematic Investment – Chevy Chase Trust is market weight the energy sector as a whole and underweight oil. Counterintuitively, increased investment in a sector more often than not leads to lower future returns. Although technological breakthroughs lower break-even costs for producers, in this situation we think they will also lead to more competition. We favor investment in companies that are among the lowest cost producers and have superior geological assets. These companies will likely fare best in this more competitive environment. Relatively low energy prices also support our longer-term benign inflation outlook and should provide a boost to our favored consumer-related holdings as money previously spent on energy will be redirected elsewhere.    Portfolio Positioning In the latter half of 2016, we increased our non-U.S. holdings, particularly in developed markets such as Europe and Japan. We expect to continue to increase our non-U.S. equity exposure as we find companies domiciled abroad that benefit from our themes. Global economic growth has been accelerating in most geographies around the world. In fact, Europe’s GDP growth rate was faster than the U.S.’s last year and economic performance in the region continued to be relatively strong in the first quarter of 2017. After several years of underperformance, many non-U.S. equity markets have outperformed the S&P year-to-date. We expect this to continue, due in part to lower valuations and more room for margin expansion.        Fixed Income After spiking higher late last year, long-term yields traded in a relatively narrow range during the first quarter of 2017. The 10-year Treasury bond began the year at a yield of 2.44% and ended the first quarter only five basis points lower at 2.39%, with a high for the quarter of 2.63% and a low of 2.30%. Similar to equity investors, bond investors will be attuned to inflation expectations. If inflation rises sooner and higher (not our current expectation), yields across the curve would rise at an accelerating pace and bond prices would decline. If inflation remains subdued, mid- and long-term bond yields may increase slightly, but not significantly. As expected, at its most recent meeting the Fed increased the Fed Funds rate by 25 basis points to a range of 0.75%- 1.00%. This is only the third rate hike in 15 months, a historically slow pace. Both the written and verbal commentary suggest that the Fed remains committed to a very gradual rate of increase. In fact, Chairwoman Yellen used the word “gradual” (or ”gradually”) 21 times during her press conference. Since the meeting, some Fed Governors have indicated that they anticipate three or four more 25 basis point rate increases this year. Even this pace feels slightly aggressive to us. Unless we see a significant pick-up in economic growth and/or inflation, we think there may be fewer rate hikes. A slower rate of increases is bullish for both equity and fixed income investors.  Subscribe to our quarterly Investment Update  Tom Cholis, featured speaker for Washington, D.C. Estate Planning Council event - Chevy Chase Trust Senior Advisor Tom Cholis was a featured speaker for the Washington, D.C. Estate Planning Council’s “Inside the Members’ Heads” on Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Posted in: Announcements, Noteworthy, PeopleChevy Chase Trust Senior Advisor Tom Cholis was a featured speaker for the Washington, D.C. Estate Planning Council’s “Inside the Members’ Heads” on Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Cholis was featured alongside fellow council member Anne O’Brien, Esq., of Caplin & Drysdale in this installment of the Council’s interview series. Ed Beckwith, Esq., of Baker & Hostetler LLP, interviewed the two; Beckwith asked them to discuss their backgrounds and career paths and to provide advice on developing successful, fulfilling careers in the estate-planning field. Cholis, who joined Chevy Chase Trust in 1999, remarked that working in this industry never ceases to interest him; “What we do requires constant learning, every day there are new questions that require new research.” Cholis has been a member of the Washington, D.C. Estate Planning Council since 1980, and served as Council President in 1991. The Washington, D.C. Estate Planning Council provides community-wide support and collaboration for 250 members in the estate planning industry.  Bill Gate’s robot tax idea is flawed. Here’s why. - Recently, a spate of stories have appeared in the media speculating that advances in technology, specifically robotics and artificial intelligence, will inevitably lead to widespread job losses as workers are replaced by machines. Posted in: Insights, NoteworthyBy Spencer Smith, Director of Research Originally posted on TheHill.com  3/09/17 Recently, a spate of stories have appeared in the media speculating that advances in technology, specifically robotics and artificial intelligence, will inevitably lead to widespread job losses as workers are replaced by machines. Naturally, many commentators have suggested policy solutions to address this issue. Perhaps attracting the most attention was Bill Gate’s assertion in a recent interview that robots should be taxed in the same way as human workers. There are several key problems with this proposal. First, it would be very difficult to define exactly what a robot is and, thus, how it should be taxed. Read the full article here.  Dr. Claudine Isaacs, featured speaker at Women & Progress 2017 - Chevy Chase Trust hosted the third in a biannual series of events focused on issues important to women on February 15, 2017. Posted in: Events, NoteworthyChevy Chase Trust hosted the third in a biannual series of events focused on issues important to women on February 15, 2017.  This year’s event, Women & Progress, featured two empowering women in the forefront of their respective industries. Ambassador Melanne Verveer the Executive Director of Georgetown University’s Institute for Women, Peace and Security, and Claudine Isaacs, MD, professor of Medicine and Oncology and the co-Director of the Breast Cancer Program at the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center at Georgetown University. Dr. Claudine Isaacs discussed recent advances in breast cancer research, genetic testing, and prevention strategies. Over the past three decades, advances in research have progressed along two paths: identification of breast cancer subtypes and drug development. By identifying specific subtypes in breast cancers, therapies and medications are no longer approached as one-fits-all as they have been in the past. Doctors are now able to better tailor treatments to patients and provide more individualized care. In addition, Dr. Isaacs asserts that clinical trials have been an important step in improving these tailored treatment options for breast cancer. Genetic research is another area of rapid growth in the medical industry, and researchers are now able to determine whether an individual is predisposed to certain types of cancer. The genetic mutations that are tied to a likelihood of developing breast cancer are BRCA 1 and BRCA 2. By locating a genetic mutation, early steps to prevent breast cancer can be taken. Advancements in research, diagnosis, and treatment continue, and, according to Dr. Isaacs, the outlook for those affected by breast cancer, is better than ever before. Dr. Isaacs earned her medical degree and completed residency training at McGill University. She completed fellowship training in the Division of Hematology and Oncology at McGill University and a Fellowship in Breast Medical Oncology in the Division of Medical Oncology at Georgetown University. She then joined the faculty in the Department of Medicine and Oncology at Georgetown University.  Click here to watch a video of the full program.  Chevy Chase Trust hosts Ambassador Melanne Verveer for Women & Progress 2017 - On February 15, Chevy Chase Trust hosted Women and Progress, an event focused on the advancements women are making in corporate America, politics and breast cancer research.  Posted in: Events, NoteworthyOn February 15, Chevy Chase Trust hosted Women and Progress, an event focused on the advancements women are making in corporate America, politics and breast cancer research. The featured speakers were Ambassador Melanne Verveer, Executive Director of Georgetown University’s Institute for Women, Peace and Security, and Dr. Claudine Isaacs, co-Director of the Breast Cancer Program at Lombardi’s Comprehensive Cancer Center. Ambassador Verveer began her remarks stating that institutions such as McKinsey & Company and the World Bank have published research showing that women are one of the “most powerful demographic groups the world has ever seen,” and pointed out that women now lead or own a quarter of private businesses globally. Regarding the buying power of women, she noted that if American women were their own country, their GDP would rank fifth globally, just behind Germany. During her question and answer session with Stacy Murchison, Chief Marketing Officer at Chevy Chase Trust, Verveer highlighted how women –now more than ever– are using their power for purpose. Citing stories from her book, Fast Forward: How Women Can Achieve Power and Purpose, Verveer described how women are critical agents in creating economic growth and social progress. One story she related was about Coca Cola’s efforts to accelerate women into senior operating roles, and its 5by20 initiative that is geared to empower five million female entrepreneurs along its value chain –from agriculture all the way to retail– by the year 2020. Regarding women in U.S. politics, Verveer discussed the relatively low participation here compared with both developed and developing nations, yet acknowledged an increasing desire of U.S. women to create change and gain access to positions in public office. Melanne Verveer served as the first ever U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women’s Issues, and during the Clinton Administration served as Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff to First Lady Hillary Clinton. She is the co-founder of Vital Voices Global Partnership, an international nonprofit born from the U.S. government’s Vital Voices Democracy Initiative.  Click here to watch a video of the full program.  Urbanization ushers in upstart industries, innovative ideas - In 2009, for the first time in world history, the number of people living in urban areas surpassed the number living in rural areas. More recently, U.S. urban population growth began outpacing suburban growth for the first time since World War II.  Posted in: Insights, NoteworthyBy Spencer Smith, Director of Research Originally posted on TheHill.com 1/26/17 Flying from Los Angeles to Washington, D.C. on a clear day, one cannot help but look down at miles of open land spotted with small towns and wonder, “With all that space, who’s down there?” In 2009, for the first time in world history, the number of people living in urban areas surpassed the number living in rural areas. More recently, U.S. urban population growth began outpacing suburban growth for the first time since World War II. This trend should continue for the foreseeable future, with the world urban population, by one estimate, expected to increase 84 percent by 2050. Cities are one of the most important inventions in human history. Read the full article here.    Investment Update, Fourth Quarter 2016 - 2016 was a good year for equity markets. Posted in: Investment Update, Noteworthy2016 was a good year for equity markets. The S&P 500 generated a total return just shy of 12% and the MSCI All-Country World Index, excluding the U.S., returned 4.5%. While the U.S. Presidential election and Brexit dominated headlines, the broad economic recovery was the most important financial development of the year. The current equity bull market began in March 2009. It has been called the most unloved bull market in history. Still fresh memories of the financial crisis have led to an almost pathological assumption that good times can’t and won’t last. In fact, since the start of the recovery, there have been net redemptions from domestic equity mutual funds and ETFs every year except 2013. Unlike 2013, when a rise in bond yields was relatively short lived, the current rise in yield appears more sustainable. This could spur a rotation back to equities from bonds, providing a catalyst for yet another leg up in the current bull run. The most recent surveys of institutional investors show that the majority of participants believe U.S. equity markets are overpriced. This is understandable given that the market capitalization of the S&P 500 has increased by almost $1 trillion just since the election. While we would not be surprised by a fourth consecutive weak January, led by investors who deferred selling stocks with embedded gains, important near-term indicators, including healthy market breadth, narrow credit spreads and accelerating earnings growth, point to continued strength. The bull market is very likely closer to its end than its beginning, but it may not be over yet. Alan Greenspan first used the phrase “irrational exuberance” in 1996. That market had three more years to go and more than doubled before it ended in 2000.  Signals Versus Noise Recently, many traditional economic relationships have broken down. Sharp parallel rises in both currency and yields are rare. Usually when the U.S. dollar appreciatesrapidly, long-term interest rates do not since dollar strength slows economic growth. Emerging markets usually do well when commodity prices rise since many emerging market economies are commodity dependent. However, since the election, the MSCI Emerging Market Index has declined 5% while the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index has risen almost 15%. In an environment of strengthening global growth, cyclical currencies usually strengthen against the U.S. dollar. The opposite is occurring. Given these paradoxes, the metric we are watching most closely is inflation. A relatively low and stable level of inflation is a sign of a healthy economy. Equity market multiples tend to be at their highest when inflation is between 0% and 2%. The Federal Reserve Board believes that an inflation rate of 2% is ideally conducive to its mandate of price stability and maximum employment. Over time, a higher inflation rate would hamper the public’s ability to make accurate longer-term economic and financial decisions. On the other hand, a lower inflation rate would increase the probability of deflation. Broadly speaking, the past 30 years have been characterized by increasing globalization which is inherently deflationary. In a globalized world, more competition and access to cheaper labor reduces the costs of goods. Further, if a country experiences an idiosyncratic shock that raises domestic demand, the demand can be met with more imports rather than higher prices. Many of the factors that facilitated globalization over the past 30 years were one-off developments. China cannot join the WTO more than once. Tariffs in most developed countries cannot fall much further because they are already close to zero. There is nothing on the horizon that will match the breakthrough productivity gains in global shipping that stemmed from containerization. And the global supply chain is already highly efficient. We believe the deflationary pressures that were the hallmark of the post-Bretton Woods era are behind us and we are entering a reflationary period where the risks of deflation have receded, but widespread inflation is not yet imminent. This is generally good for risk assets in the short-term, particularly cyclical equities.  Portfolio Positioning With global economic growth improving, higher inflation still suppressed and real yields negative in Europe and Japan, stocks remain attractive relative to bonds. The majority of our equity holdings are beneficiaries of trends that we believe are powerful enough to influence corporate performance.  Most of our investment themes are secular rather than cyclical, driven by technological or demographic forces that persist independent of economic cycles and thus have the potential to outperform across different market environments. On occasion, at economic turning points like we believe we are witnessing now, cyclical forces can have an outsized influence on equity market performance. Currently, two of our six themes are motivated primarily by cyclical changes impacting financials and energy. The macroeconomic transition from a deflationary to a reflationary environment will put upward pressure on interest rates. Concurrently, the financial regulations implemented post-crisis have been absorbed and will likely ease under a new administration. Both of these changes will benefit banks. The financial sector is the only major S&P sector still trading below its 2007 high. We believe a pick-up in lending activity due to accelerating global growth, rising interest rates, wider net interest spreads and financial deregulation will be tailwinds to large U.S. banks in 2017. Another sector that we believe will disproportionately benefit from faster global growth is energy. It is often said, the cure for high oil prices is high oil prices and the cure for low oil prices is low oil prices. At $30 per barrel, most oil companies could not profitably drill for oil, so they stopped and supply fell. Because demand growth was also tepid in the first half of the year, the drop in supply did not result in an increase in price.  As economic growth accelerated in the second half of the year, demand rose and the price of oil began to climb.  Simultaneously, OPEC reemerged with some unity and production discipline. Ride-sharing services like UBER have and will continue to increase automobile usage and gas consumption, likely at the expense of public transportation. This creates additional oil demand in the short run. These factors should combine to produce tailwinds for some energy companies in 2017. Genomics remains one of our highest conviction secular themes. The broader healthcare sector underperformed the market in 2016 after five straight years of strong performance. We still believe advances in molecular medicine will dramatically improve the ability to identify and combat disease, and will benefit innovative companies facilitating this life sciences revolution. The pipeline of oncology drugs has never been greater. A November 11th article in the Washington Post, titled “How a researcher used big data to beat her own ovarian cancer,” provides a real life case study of how a combination of DNA sequencing, new therapies and big data analytics (another Chevy Chase Trust theme) can dramatically change the impact of cancer. From a geographic perspective, we are increasing our holdings in developed market non-U.S. equities, in particular, Japan. In the third quarter of 2016, Japan corporate profits reached a record high yet foreign fund flows into Japanese equities were still negative for the full year.  Japan is a prime example of how an aging population will eventually push up interest rates. The household savings rate in Japan was over 14% in the early 1990s. Since then the percentage of the population that has moved from working age to retirement age has more than doubled, from 12% to 26%. The savings rate today is only 2%. Meanwhile, the ratio of job openings-to-applicants is at a 25-year high. This will eventually lead to higher wages and end persistent deflation. Japan will benefit from this shift because inflation will pressure real rates (as opposed to nominal rates), lead to a weaker yen, a stronger stock market, and even higher inflation expectations.  We are looking at investment opportunities in Japan, particularly ones tied to our global themes. From a longer term perspective, there are reasons to be concerned. In the U.S., rising interest rates coupled with a stronger U.S. dollar will be a drag on U.S. economic growth.  Additionally, when inflation is on a firm upward trajectory, central banks everywhere may find it difficult to slow the trend. These two factors will then weigh on equity market multiples. And a strong U.S. dollar puts pressure on emerging markets. As of mid-2016, dollar denominated debt held outside the U.S. had risen to almost $10 trillion dollars. About one-third of the debt is held in emerging markets. As the dollar rises against other currencies, the cost of servicing debt increases. Nonetheless, barring an exogenous shock, these risks are real but probably not pressing enough to change near-term equity market momentum. It may be a bumpy ride, but we believe there is still upside entering 2017.  Fixed Income 2016 was a wild year in the bond market. 10-year bond yields started the year at 2.27% and fell to a low of 1.32% shortly after Brexit. Prior to the U.S. election, yields climbed back to 1.88%, and after the election shot up another 76 basis points to a 2016 high of 2.64%, before settling back to end the year at 2.44%. Although the absolute numbers may seem small, in percentage terms these are large moves. Pundits debate whether the 30-year bull market in bonds is finally over. We do think the cycle-low for bond yields is behind us and yields will continue to climb from current levels, just not linearly. But, we don’t expect another doubling in yields until spare capacity outside the U.S. is absorbed. Only when other central banks start raising rates will the Federal Reserve be able to sustain its rate hikes. Until then, any Fed tightening beyond what is already expected will put upward pressure on the U.S. dollar, thereby reducing the need for further hikes. Given this outlook, we are maintaining our current portfolio positioning. The average duration of our bond holdings is approximately 3.5 years. As bonds reach maturity or we identify swap opportunities, we will seek to reinvest the proceeds in higher yielding instruments. Continued volatility in the bond market will present opportunities to buy high quality securities at discount prices.  We will capitalize on these opportunities to add value.               See what we’re reading   View all articles            					Our Approach  				          							   Invest in concepts, not conventions.							     Our approach seeks opportunities across asset classes and around the globe.   Discover Our Approach             							   Different by design, and planning.							     The smartest investment strategies are informed by sound financial planning. Our clients appreciate an integrated approach and the difference it can make.   Investment Management Planning and Fiduciary Services             							   Sometimes the greatest returns come from investing in people.							     We’ve created a culture that values service over products, long-term goals over short-term quotas and your success over anything else.    Meet Our Team                  In the Community Leaders and Lunch: New Strategies in the Fight Against PovertyChevy Chase Trust supports Women & WineChevy Chase Trust supports 2017 Broadway in Bethesda Gala   Announcements Tom Cholis, featured speaker for Washington, D.C. Estate Planning Council eventBlake Keeley Doyle Joins Chevy Chase TrustChevy Chase Trust’s thematic investing approach featured in Forbes article on “Investing Beyond the Trends”   Chevy Chase Trust Chevy Chase Trust provides individuals, families, and foundations with an alternative to institutionalized money management. An independent, privately-owned, and financially secure firm, Chevy Chase Trust pursues without conflict the greatest potential in each client’s wealth.                 CHEVY CHASE TRUST 7501 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1500W Bethesda, Maryland 20814   |   Map     Telephone:  240.497.5000 Facsimilie:   240.497.5018 Email:    info@ChevyChaseTrust.com   Follow Us          







       Board of Directors - Chevy Chase Trust                                                      Investment Advisors     Register Login              Board of Directors   B. Francis Saul, II  – Chairman Chevy Chase Trust Company ASB Capital Management, LLC B.F. Saul Company B.F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust Saul Centers, Inc. Christine Nicolaides Kearns – Vice Chair Executive Vice President & Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, B.F. Saul Company General Counsel, Chevy Chase Trust Company Peter M. Welber President & CEO, Chevy Chase Trust Company George P. Clancy, Jr. Retired, Executive Vice President Chevy Chase Bank Walter R. Fatzinger, Jr. Retired, CEO ASB Capital Management Chair, Audit Committee Gilbert M. Grosvenor Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees, National Geographic Society Dr. LaSalle D. Leffall, Jr. Charles R. Drew Professor of Surgery, Howard University College of Medicine William F. McSweeny Retired, President Occidental International Corporation H. Gregory Platts Retired, Senior Vice President & Treasurer, National Geographic Society Audit Committee Member B. Francis Saul, III President, Saul Investment Group Wendelin A. White Director, Goulston & Storrs PC                   CHEVY CHASE TRUST 7501 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1500W Bethesda, Maryland 20814   |   Map     Telephone:  240.497.5000 Facsimilie:   240.497.5018 Email:    info@ChevyChaseTrust.com   Follow Us          

       Noteworthy - Chevy Chase Trust                                                  Investment Advisors     Register Login            Noteworthy   This just in:               CategoriesCategories Select Category Announcements Community Events Featured Insights Investment Update Noteworthy People Video What We’re Reading     Recent Posts   There’s one major thing everyone gets wrong about Amazon and the retail apocalypse   Leaders and Lunch: New Strategies in the Fight Against Poverty   Investment Update, Second Quarter 2017    In The Community   View More Community        CHEVY CHASE TRUST 7501 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1500W Bethesda, Maryland 20814   |   Map     Telephone:  240.497.5000 Facsimilie:   240.497.5018 Email:    info@ChevyChaseTrust.com   Follow Us          

       Fixed Income - Chevy Chase Trust                                                      Investment Advisors     Register Login              Fixed Income   Fixed Income: doing what others can’t (or won’t). Our approach to fixed income strategies is simple: we create plans that preserve capital and outpace inflation. Fixed income allocations balance the volatility in equity assets and provide reliable cash flow to meet income needs. At Chevy Chase Trust, we think dependable, conservative fixed income investing shouldn’t be staid or uninspired. After all, our clients aren’t satisfied with “good enough.” So we push further. We dig deeper, and learn everything there is to know about income vehicles. It means uncovering value through creative strategies and structures. And it means taking the time to pursue opportunities that institutionalized money managers simply avoid or ignore. As a result, our clients are surprised by what’s possible with an inspired fixed income methodology. Our fixed income strategy includes:  Customizing portfolios for each client according to liquidity needs, income requirements, and time horizons Giving careful attention to each client’s tax situation Considering asset classes, industry sectors and geography Utilizing a diverse network of broker dealers to achieve best trade execution and price transparency Focusing on high quality municipal and taxable fixed income instruments, with short and intermediate durations             Meet: Craig Pernick Head of Fixed Income “Our actively managed fixed income portfolios protect principal, balance investment risks and generate reliable cash flows to support the needs of each client.”               CHEVY CHASE TRUST 7501 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1500W Bethesda, Maryland 20814   |   Map     Telephone:  240.497.5000 Facsimilie:   240.497.5018 Email:    info@ChevyChaseTrust.com   Follow Us          

       Equity - Chevy Chase Trust                                                      Investment Advisors     Register Login              Equity   Potential uncapped. To satisfy shareholders and to create sustainable business models, money managers have made compromises. Unfortunately, the biggest casualty is the individual portfolio—not to mention the individual investor. Today, most investors are presented with stylized, commoditized options that promise to “manage risk” and to deliver predictable performance. This is especially true in equity investing. Because in reaction to growing client rosters and ever-increasing quotas, money managers have been forced to create efficiencies. And along the way, the idea of diversification has been distorted. The premise: Diversification across small-, medium- and large-cap styles and managers will serve as a buffer against market fluctuations. The problem: Risk isn’t a number. It’s a concept. By attempting to minimize risk, money management frequently creates over-diversification—and misses sound opportunities. True diversification comes from:  Investing in the best opportunities with real potential for sustained growth Investing across sectors, market capitalizations and geographies Including a fixed income strategy designed to preserve capital and generate cash flow  This is investment management the way it was always intended. Today, it can only happen in an environment that’s free from conflict—and where each investor is treated as an individual. Read more about investing in themes »           Loading...  Chevy Chase Trust Research Process Spencer Smith Director of Research  “Our focus as investors is to find those companies in the most promising areas of growth.”               CHEVY CHASE TRUST 7501 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1500W Bethesda, Maryland 20814   |   Map     Telephone:  240.497.5000 Facsimilie:   240.497.5018 Email:    info@ChevyChaseTrust.com   Follow Us          

       Our Approach - Chevy Chase Trust                                                      Investment Advisors     Register Login              Our Approach   Before you invest, we invite you to buy in. To appreciate our true value, investors must first understand the basic principles that separate Chevy Chase Trust from other investment management firms. The good news: when you look at the methodology, the motivation and the promise upon which we’ve built our reputation, you should find the common thread is actually common sense. While that hardly sounds revolutionary, it’s exactly what makes Chevy Chase Trust so extraordinary. And we think you’ll agree. Investing in Themes Urbanization. Robotics. Data Inundation. Molecular Medicine. These are the kinds of themes portfolio managers should be thinking about. Fortunately, thinking is what we do best. Pursuing Potential Financial security and an independent mindset mean we can avoid the pitfalls of institutionalized money management—and focus instead on achieving real returns for each client. An Uncommon Result Simply put, Chevy Chase Trust is built to place clients—and client success—over everything else. It’s a commitment to performance.        Chevy Chase Trust At A Glance  Headquartered in the Washington, D.C. area More than $26 billion of assets under management Multi-generational private ownership More than 88 professionals with an average of 20 years of experience  Download our Corporate Profile Kit    Loading...  A Message from the President & CEO  Peter M. Welber President and CEO, and Board Director “I like to think of Chevy Chase Trust as an investment think tank.”             Related       Chevy Chase Trust: Company Vision Everything about Chevy Chase Trust gives our entire team the freedom to practice the art and science of creative thinking.       Touching the future of Artificial Intelligence Artificial intelligence has produced a number of cognitive technologies. Artificial Intelligence is the ability of computers to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, learning and translating between languages.       Seeing the future through your DNA We’re not just betting on the next blockbuster drug. Our client portfolios participate across industries and companies best positioned to capitalize on the revolution in molecular medicine.       We’re looking into the cloud. See what we see. The power of thematic investing is the ability to cross sectors and industries to pursue less obvious beneficiaries of thematic tailwinds.       Here’s some food for thought For the first time in history, the world’s population is more urban than rural. As cities get bigger, everything starts accelerating. Cities are truly one of the most important inventions in human history.             CHEVY CHASE TRUST 7501 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1500W Bethesda, Maryland 20814   |   Map     Telephone:  240.497.5000 Facsimilie:   240.497.5018 Email:    info@ChevyChaseTrust.com   Follow Us          

﻿
































WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for WGL Holdings Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor WGL Holdings Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Buys 684 Shares of Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP)
Pensionfund Sabic Holds Position in Aflac Incorporated (AFL)
James Investment Research Inc. Purchases New Position in Baker Hughes A GE Co (BHI)
TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ:TIVO) Position Held by James Investment Research Inc.
James Investment Research Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ:SATS)
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Acquires 8,725 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (NYSE:RGA)
Liberty Capital Management Inc. Has $443,000 Position in PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG)
Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 1,410 Shares of TransCanada Corporation (NYSE:TRP)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $387,000 Stake in Unilever PLC (UL)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Has $113,000 Position in Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO)
WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Argan, Inc. (NYSE:AGX)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Buys Shares of 6,800 Gildan Activewear, Inc. (NYSE:GIL)
T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Invests $122,000 in Methode Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:MEI)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Moelis & Company (MC)
KLX Inc. (KLXI) Shares Sold by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1,703,000 Stake in Exact Sciences Corporation (NASDAQ:EXAS)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Invests $695,000 in Summit Materials, Inc. (SUM)




 


WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 




Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. reduced its stake in shares of  WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) by 4.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 5,460 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 234 shares during the period. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in WGL Holdings were worth $455,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Madden Advisory Services Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $191,000.  TD Asset Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $204,000.  Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $206,000.  Raymond James Trust N.A. bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $210,000.  Finally, Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $228,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  67.98% of the company’s stock. 


 Get WGL Holdings Inc alerts:



Shares of WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE WGL) opened at 85.37 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $83.67 and its 200-day moving average is $82.45. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.14 and a beta of 0.66. WGL Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $58.66 and a 52 week high of $85.88. 




WGL Holdings (NYSE:WGL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The utilities provider reported $1.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.97 by $0.10. WGL Holdings had a net margin of 7.46% and a return on equity of 12.25%. The company had revenue of $841.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $899.14 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.78 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  WGL Holdings Inc will post $3.25 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Monday, July 10th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.39%. WGL Holdings’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 60.18%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.” was first  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/26/wgl-holdings-inc-nysewgl-shares-sold-by-chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc.html. 
Several analysts recently issued reports on WGL shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of WGL Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of WGL Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued  a hold rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.75.
In related news, Director Debra L. Lee sold 3,615 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.66, for a total transaction of $302,430.90. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own  0.99% of the company’s stock. 
WGL Holdings Company Profile
WGL Holdings, Inc (WGL) is a holding company. The Company operates through four segments. The Regulated Utility segment consists of Washington Gas Light Company, which provides regulated gas distribution services to end use customers and natural gas transportation services to an unaffiliated natural gas distribution company and Hampshire Gas Company, which provides regulated interstate natural gas storage services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WGL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL).







Receive News & Ratings for WGL Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WGL Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


























































﻿
































WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for WGL Holdings Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor WGL Holdings Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Buys 684 Shares of Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP)
Pensionfund Sabic Holds Position in Aflac Incorporated (AFL)
James Investment Research Inc. Purchases New Position in Baker Hughes A GE Co (BHI)
TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ:TIVO) Position Held by James Investment Research Inc.
James Investment Research Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ:SATS)
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Acquires 8,725 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (NYSE:RGA)
Liberty Capital Management Inc. Has $443,000 Position in PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG)
Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 1,410 Shares of TransCanada Corporation (NYSE:TRP)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $387,000 Stake in Unilever PLC (UL)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Has $113,000 Position in Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO)
WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Argan, Inc. (NYSE:AGX)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Buys Shares of 6,800 Gildan Activewear, Inc. (NYSE:GIL)
T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Invests $122,000 in Methode Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:MEI)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Moelis & Company (MC)
KLX Inc. (KLXI) Shares Sold by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1,703,000 Stake in Exact Sciences Corporation (NASDAQ:EXAS)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Invests $695,000 in Summit Materials, Inc. (SUM)




 


WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 




Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. reduced its stake in shares of  WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) by 4.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 5,460 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 234 shares during the period. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in WGL Holdings were worth $455,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Madden Advisory Services Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $191,000.  TD Asset Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $204,000.  Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $206,000.  Raymond James Trust N.A. bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $210,000.  Finally, Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  WGL Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $228,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  67.98% of the company’s stock. 


 Get WGL Holdings Inc alerts:



Shares of WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE WGL) opened at 85.37 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $83.67 and its 200-day moving average is $82.45. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.14 and a beta of 0.66. WGL Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $58.66 and a 52 week high of $85.88. 




WGL Holdings (NYSE:WGL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The utilities provider reported $1.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.97 by $0.10. WGL Holdings had a net margin of 7.46% and a return on equity of 12.25%. The company had revenue of $841.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $899.14 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.78 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  WGL Holdings Inc will post $3.25 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Monday, July 10th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.39%. WGL Holdings’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 60.18%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.” was first  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/26/wgl-holdings-inc-nysewgl-shares-sold-by-chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc.html. 
Several analysts recently issued reports on WGL shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of WGL Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of WGL Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued  a hold rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.75.
In related news, Director Debra L. Lee sold 3,615 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.66, for a total transaction of $302,430.90. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own  0.99% of the company’s stock. 
WGL Holdings Company Profile
WGL Holdings, Inc (WGL) is a holding company. The Company operates through four segments. The Regulated Utility segment consists of Washington Gas Light Company, which provides regulated gas distribution services to end use customers and natural gas transportation services to an unaffiliated natural gas distribution company and Hampshire Gas Company, which provides regulated interstate natural gas storage services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WGL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WGL Holdings Inc (NYSE:WGL).







Receive News & Ratings for WGL Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WGL Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





























































Diageo PLC (DEO) Position Lowered by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc




























About 

Privacy








					  Economy					  


					  Entertaiment					  


					  IT&Software					  


					  Science					  


					  Sports					  


					  World News					  


					  Medicine					  


					  National					  







Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Position Increased by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc




























Contact Us








					  Markets					  


					  Arts&Culture					  


					  Electronics					  


					  Science					  


					  Sports					  


					  Global News					  


					  Health Care					  


					  USA					  




﻿

























Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Purchases 151,965 Shares of Ball Corporation (BLL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Ball Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ball Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Stake Boosted by Needelman Asset Management Inc.
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (DGX) Stake Decreased by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.
Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR) Stake Decreased by Leavell Investment Management Inc.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Short Interest Update
Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) Short Interest Update
Staples, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPLS) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade
Transenterix Inc (TRXC) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest
Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) Shares Up 11% After Earnings Beat
Zacks Investment Research Lowers CME Group Inc. (CME) to Sell
Creative Planning Has $1.58 Million Position in Immunomedics, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMMU)
Capital One National Association Raises Position in Consolidated Edison Inc (NYSE:ED)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Purchases 151,965 Shares of Ball Corporation (BLL)
Fisher Asset Management LLC Sells 3,203 Shares of Total System Services, Inc. (TSS)
State of Alaska Department of Revenue Raises Position in Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI)
State of Alaska Department of Revenue Reduces Stake in DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR)
National Pension Service Increases Stake in Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE:RSG)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in Deckers Outdoor Corporation (DECK)
Genel Energy PLC (GENL) Price Target Lowered to GBX 90 at Barclays PLC
Hochschild Mining Plc’s (HOC) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank Of Canada
Leavell Investment Management Inc. Buys Shares of 6,709 Trustmark Corporation (TRMK)


 


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Purchases 151,965 Shares of Ball Corporation (BLL)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its position in Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) by 99.9% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 304,124 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 151,965 shares during the period. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. owned 0.09% of Ball Corporation worth $12,837,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pinnacle Bank purchased a new position in Ball Corporation during the first quarter worth about $126,000. First Personal Financial Services increased its position in Ball Corporation by 17.1% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,797 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 262 shares in the last quarter. Advisor Partners LLC bought a new position in Ball Corporation during the first quarter worth $201,000. Baird Financial Group Inc. bought a new position in Ball Corporation during the first quarter worth $201,000. Finally, Creative Planning increased its position in Ball Corporation by 3.3% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,720 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 86 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 43.77% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Ball Corporation alerts:



Shares of Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) opened at 42.41 on Thursday. Ball Corporation has a 12 month low of $34.88 and a 12 month high of $43.06. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $41.90 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.91. The stock has a market cap of $14.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.56 and a beta of 0.96. 




Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $2.47 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.41 billion. Ball Corporation had a net margin of 4.59% and a return on equity of 16.46%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 40.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.30 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that Ball Corporation will post $2.15 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.94%. Ball Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 26.67%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Purchases 151,965 Shares of Ball Corporation (BLL)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/27/ball-corporation-bll-position-boosted-by-chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-updated.html. 
Several research firms recently weighed in on BLL. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and set a $39.50 price target on shares of Ball Corporation in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $47.00 price objective (up previously from $44.00) on shares of Ball Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, July 18th. BidaskClub upgraded Ball Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Ball Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective (up previously from $47.00) on shares of Ball Corporation in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $43.90.
In other news, Director R David Hoover sold 22,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.75, for a total value of $874,500.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 205,260 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,159,085. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Lisa Ann Pauley sold 20,960 shares of Ball Corporation stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.48, for a total transaction of $869,420.80. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 108,887 shares in the company, valued at $4,516,632.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 77,732 shares of company stock worth $3,309,230 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 2.70% of the company’s stock. 
Ball Corporation Company Profile
Ball Corporation is a supplier of metal packaging to the beverage, food, personal care and household products industries. The Company’s packaging products are produced for a range of end uses and are manufactured in facilities around the world. Its segments include beverage packaging, North and Central America; beverage packaging, South America; beverage packaging, Europe; food and aerosol packaging; aerospace, and other. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Ball Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ball Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. Buys Baker Hughes Inc, Impinj Inc, CyrusOne Inc, Sells Baker ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. Buys Baker Hughes Inc, Impinj Inc, CyrusOne Inc, Sells Baker ...


July 13, 2017, 11:38:03 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc.New Purchases: BHI , PI , CONE , INFO, TRNO, IT, ALGN, HLT, RE, ANSS,Added Positions:WYNN, REGN, EL, VOO, DXC, RRC, CVS, ILMN, IWB, OKE,Reduced Positions:DFS, AAPL, AIG, TGT, ACN, ARMK, CSCO, MSFT, NVDA, SPY,Sold Out:BHGE, MJN, TDC, SWN, R, TGNA, DNB, SLCA, GSK, CARS,For the details of Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Chevy+Chase+Trust+Holdings%2C+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc.Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 5,099,270 shares, 3.52% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.46%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 7,998,444 shares, 2.64% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.32%Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN ) - 389,684 shares, 1.81% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.12%Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) - 2,675,303 shares, 1.69% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.24%Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B) - 1,889,940 shares, 1.53% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.29%New Purchase: Baker Hughes Inc (BHI)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. initiated holdings in Baker Hughes Inc. The purchase prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6. The stock is now traded at around $57.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 367,371 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Impinj Inc ( PI )Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. initiated holdings in Impinj Inc. The purchase prices were between $28.62 and $59.37, with an estimated average price of $41.7. The stock is now traded at around $52.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 285,700 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: CyrusOne Inc (CONE)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. initiated holdings in CyrusOne Inc. The purchase prices were between $50.96 and $58.88, with an estimated average price of $55.22. The stock is now traded at around $56.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 258,601 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: IHS Markit Ltd (INFO)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. initiated holdings in IHS Markit Ltd. The purchase prices were between $41.78 and $47.86, with an estimated average price of $44.54. The stock is now traded at around $44.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 273,407 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Terreno Realty Corp (TRNO)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. initiated holdings in Terreno Realty Corp. The purchase prices were between $28 and $33.81, with an estimated average price of $31.54. The stock is now traded at around $33.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 370,825 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Gartner Inc (IT)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. initiated holdings in Gartner Inc. The purchase prices were between $107.99 and $124.61, with an estimated average price of $115.82. The stock is now traded at around $126.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 77,906 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. added to the holdings in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc by 32.64%. The purchase prices were between $366.06 and $526.53, with an estimated average price of $435.96. The stock is now traded at around $496.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 95,719 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Wynn Resorts Ltd (WYNN)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. added to the holdings in Wynn Resorts Ltd by 126.40%. The purchase prices were between $113.47 and $138.42, with an estimated average price of $125.53. The stock is now traded at around $135.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 155,164 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: DXC Technology Co (DXC)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. added to the holdings in DXC Technology Co by 99.04%. The purchase prices were between $67.95 and $80.59, with an estimated average price of $76.6. The stock is now traded at around $78.20. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 245,009 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Range Resources Corp (RRC)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. added to the holdings in Range Resources Corp by 21.79%. The purchase prices were between $21.22 and $29.9, with an estimated average price of $25.31. The stock is now traded at around $21.74. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 1,994,965 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: The Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. added to the holdings in The Estee Lauder Companies Inc by 24.72%. The purchase prices were between $83.5 and $98.19, with an estimated average price of $91.59. The stock is now traded at around $94.72. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 445,783 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Vanguard S&P 500 (VOO)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. added to the holdings in Vanguard S&P 500 by 1244.50%. The purchase prices were between $213.47 and $225.7, with an estimated average price of $219.97. The stock is now traded at around $224.21. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 34,083 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: Baker Hughes, a GE Co (BHGE)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. sold out the holdings in Baker Hughes, a GE Co. The sale prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6.Sold Out: Mead Johnson Nutrition Co (MJN)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. sold out the holdings in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. The sale prices were between $88.67 and $89.99, with an estimated average price of $89.16.Sold Out: Tegna Inc (TGNA)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. sold out the holdings in Tegna Inc. The sale prices were between $14.2 and $26.11, with an estimated average price of $21.32.Sold Out: Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. sold out the holdings in Dun & Bradstreet Corp. The sale prices were between $102.24 and $113.17, with an estimated average price of $107.07.Sold Out: Southwestern Energy Co (SWN)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. sold out the holdings in Southwestern Energy Co. The sale prices were between $5.5 and $8.59, with an estimated average price of $6.94.Sold Out: Teradata Corp (TDC)Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. sold out the holdings in Teradata Corp. The sale prices were between $27.26 and $32, with an estimated average price of $29.31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with REGN. Click here to check it out.REGN 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of REGNPeter Lynch Chart of REGNPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        AMZN
                                    
, 

                                        JNJ
                                    
, 

                                        PI
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







The Future Looks Brighter for National Instruments


						7/27/2017 10:27 PM
					



National Oilwell Varco, Inc.'s Results Continue Their Slight Improvement


						7/27/2017 10:26 PM
					



Intel Corp. Beat Its Own Estimates This Time


						7/27/2017 10:17 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





AMZN








84%



Rate It





JNJ








83%



Rate It





PI








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































﻿




























Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $957,000 Stake in FirstService Corporation (NASDAQ:FSV) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for FirstService Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor FirstService Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

FinnCap Initiates Coverage on Innovaderma Plc (IDP)
N4 Pharma PLC (LON:N4P) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities
FinnCap Raises Keywords Studios PLC (KWS) Price Target to GBX 1,000
Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Relx PLC (LON:REL)
IMI plc (IMI) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC
Cranswick plc’s (CWK) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Connect Group PLC’s (LON:CNCT) Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt
Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday
Cobham plc (COB) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
Anglesey Mining Plc (AYM) Receives Speculative Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities
Anglo American plc (AAL) Rating Reiterated by J P Morgan Chase & Co
Mitchells & Butlers plc (LON:MAB) PT Lowered to GBX 260 at Peel Hunt
Centrica PLC’s (CNA) “Sell” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG
Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Earns Equal weight Rating from Barclays PLC
Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS
The Sage Group plc (SGE) Given New GBX 700 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG
Brightcove Inc. (NASDAQ:BCOV) Announces  Earnings Results
Capstead Mortgage Corporation (NYSE:CMO) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results
Universal Technical Institute (NYSE:UTI) vs. Franklin Covey (FC) Head to Head Comparison
United Fire Group (NASDAQ:UFCS) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows



 


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $957,000 Stake in FirstService Corporation (NASDAQ:FSV)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. maintained its position in  FirstService Corporation (NASDAQ:FSV) (TSE:FSV) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 14,961 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in FirstService Corporation were worth $957,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of FSV. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in  FirstService Corporation by 37.7% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 3,289 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the last quarter.  UBS Group AG increased its position in  FirstService Corporation by 21.2% in the first quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 3,427 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter.  Citadel Advisors LLC acquired a new position in  FirstService Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $282,000.  JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in  FirstService Corporation by 4.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,860 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $224,000 after buying an additional 195 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in  FirstService Corporation by 10.3% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 7,853 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $474,000 after buying an additional 733 shares during the last quarter. 58.54% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get FirstService Corporation alerts:



Shares of FirstService Corporation (NASDAQ FSV) opened at 64.59 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $63.55 and its 200-day moving average is $58.82. The company has a market capitalization of $2.32 billion, a PE ratio of 58.77 and a beta of 0.93. FirstService Corporation has a 12-month low of $39.05 and a 12-month high of $65.43. 




FirstService Corporation (NASDAQ:FSV) (TSE:FSV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.13 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $376 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $354.59 million. FirstService Corporation had a net margin of 2.57% and a return on equity of 20.02%. FirstService Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.08 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  FirstService Corporation will post $1.98 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 7th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a dividend of $0.1225 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $0.49 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.76%. FirstService Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 44.55%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/25/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-has-957000-stake-in-firstservice-corporation-nasdaqfsv.html. 
Several research firms have commented on FSV. BidaskClub raised shares of FirstService Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 30th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 target price on shares of FirstService Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. downgraded shares of FirstService Corporation from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $60.00 to $61.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of FirstService Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of FirstService Corporation in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one  has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. FirstService Corporation  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $63.50.
FirstService Corporation Company Profile
Firstservice Corporation is a provider of residential property management and other essential property services to residential and commercial customers. The Company operates through two segments: FirstService Residential and FirstService Brands. FirstService Residential is a property manager and provides ancillary services in the areas of on-site staffing, including building engineering and maintenance, full-service amenity management, security, concierge and front desk personnel, and landscaping; banking and insurance products, and energy conservation and management solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FSV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FirstService Corporation (NASDAQ:FSV) (TSE:FSV).







Receive News & Ratings for FirstService Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstService Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




FinnCap Initiates Coverage on Innovaderma Plc 





N4 Pharma PLC  Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities





Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Relx PLC 





FinnCap Raises Keywords Studios PLC  Price Target to GBX 1,000





IMI plc  Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC





Connect Group PLC’s  Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $407,000 Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for RBC Bearings Incorporated
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor RBC Bearings Incorporated with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Select Income REIT (NASDAQ:SIR) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research
Kellogg (NYSE:K) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
PulteGroup (NYSE:PHM) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.05
Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds
MGIC Investment Corporation (NYSE:MTG) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.05
Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Accern Reports
SPX Corp (NYSE:SPW) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. (EOCC) Stake Raised by Global X Management Co. LLC
Ideal Power (NASDAQ:IPWR) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
UGI Corporation (UGI) Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Decreases Stake in Vera Bradley, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRA)
Global X Management Co. LLC Has $127,000 Stake in Medley Capital Corporation (NYSE:MCC)
Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW) Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC
Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST) Reduced by Analyst
Financial Comparison: Preferred Bank (NASDAQ:PFBC) & OFG Bancorp (OFG)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $848,000 in IDEX Corporation (NYSE:IEX)
Reviewing FactSet Research Systems (FDS) & IHS (NYSE:IHS)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Buys New Stake in Wave Life Sciences Ltd (NASDAQ:WVE)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Buys New Stake in American Woodmark Corporation (AMWD)
7,921 Shares in Grupo Aeroportuario Del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. (PAC) Acquired by Marshall Wace North America L.P.


 


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $407,000 Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL)

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. held its position in shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in RBC Bearings were worth $407,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in ROLL. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of RBC Bearings by 6.3% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,722 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 102 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in RBC Bearings during the fourth quarter worth approximately $180,000. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new stake in RBC Bearings during the first quarter worth approximately $190,000. BB&T Corp boosted its stake in RBC Bearings by 2.7% in the first quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 3,115 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $302,000 after buying an additional 81 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Karp Capital Management Corp bought a new stake in RBC Bearings during the first quarter worth approximately $323,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 99.55% of the company’s stock. 


 Get RBC Bearings Incorporated alerts:



Shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ ROLL) opened at 105.12 on Wednesday. RBC Bearings Incorporated has a 52-week low of $67.99 and a 52-week high of $108.39. The stock has a market cap of $2.50 billion, a PE ratio of 35.39 and a beta of 1.30. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $103.33 and its 200-day moving average price is $97.27. 




RBC Bearings (NASDAQ:ROLL) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 31st. The industrial products company reported $0.90 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.88 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $160.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $161.08 million. RBC Bearings had a return on equity of 11.12% and a net margin of 11.48%. RBC Bearings’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.86 earnings per share. Analysts expect that RBC Bearings Incorporated will post $3.57 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-has-407000-stake-in-rbc-bearings-incorporated-nasdaqroll.html. 
Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded RBC Bearings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $113.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, June 2nd.
In other news, insider Thomas M. Burigo sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $104.95, for a total transaction of $1,049,500.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Thomas J. Williams sold 5,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $105.44, for a total value of $579,920.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 135,425 shares of company stock worth $14,249,574 over the last ninety days. 4.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About RBC Bearings
RBC Bearings Incorporated is an international manufacturer and marketer of engineered precision bearings and products, which are integral to the manufacture and operation of machines, aircraft and mechanical systems. The Company operates through four segments: Plain Bearings; Roller Bearings; Ball Bearings, and Engineered Products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 



































Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $5.39 Million Position in Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Flowserve Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flowserve Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



State of Alaska Department of Revenue Purchases 981 Shares of Great Plains Energy Inc (NYSE:GXP)					

State of Alaska Department of Revenue Acquires 11,012 Shares of Hope Bancorp, Inc. (HOPE)					

Professional Advisory Services Inc. Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corporation (COF)					

Navient Corporation (NASDAQ:NAVI) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.					

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Raises Stake in Newfield Exploration Company (NFX)					

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $5.39 Million Position in Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS)					

Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 5,207 Enbridge Inc (ENB)					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases 14 Shares of Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS)					

Fisher Asset Management LLC Has $894,000 Position in Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD)					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $747,000 Stake in Viacom Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB)					

Fisher Asset Management LLC Lowers Position in Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC)					

Bank of Montreal Can Sells 4,689 Shares of NiSource, Inc (NI)					

Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Shares Sold by Webster Bank N. A.					

Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SUPN) Stake Increased by Creative Planning					

Banced Corp Acquires 262 Shares of PPG Industries, Inc. (NYSE:PPG)					

Creative Planning Sells 1,379 Shares of Equifax, Inc. (NYSE:EFX)					

Creative Planning Raises Stake in eBay Inc. (EBAY)					

NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Has $752,000 Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA)					

Franklin Resources, Inc. (NYSE:BEN) Position Boosted by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.					

ASML Holding N.V. (NASDAQ:ASML) Stake Cut by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.					





 





						Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $5.39 Million Position in Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS)					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. cut its stake in shares of  Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) by 0.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 116,013 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 112 shares during the period. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Flowserve Corporation were worth $5,386,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in FLS. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in  Flowserve Corporation by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 4,848 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $233,000 after buying an additional 19 shares in the last quarter.  Gateway Investment Advisers LLC increased its stake in  Flowserve Corporation by 0.3% in the second quarter. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC now owns 10,566 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $491,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter.  Advantus Capital Management Inc increased its stake in  Flowserve Corporation by 0.5% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 12,978 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $628,000 after buying an additional 63 shares in the last quarter.  Stifel Financial Corp increased its stake in  Flowserve Corporation by 0.5% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 15,924 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $770,000 after buying an additional 83 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in  Flowserve Corporation by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 3,300 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 
Shares of Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) opened at 46.23 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $46.59 and its 200-day moving average is $48.15. Flowserve Corporation has a one year low of $39.13 and a one year high of $52.10. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.04 billion, a PE ratio of 49.71 and a beta of 1.48. 




Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) last posted its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $863.63 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $817.56 million. Flowserve Corporation had a net margin of 3.12% and a return on equity of 15.76%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 8.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.39 EPS.  On average, analysts expect that  Flowserve Corporation will post $1.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 7th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 23rd were issued a dividend of $0.19 per share. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 21st. Flowserve Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 81.72%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $5.39 Million Position in Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS)” was originally  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-has-5-39-million-position-in-flowserve-corporation-nysefls.html. 
A number of analysts have recently issued reports on FLS shares. BMO Capital Markets raised shares of Flowserve Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $46.00 to $53.00 in a report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Flowserve Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $42.00 target price on shares of Flowserve Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Cowen and Company upgraded shares of Flowserve Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $41.00 to $55.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Flowserve Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $50.10.
Flowserve Corporation Company Profile
Flowserve Corporation is a manufacturer and aftermarket service provider of flow control systems. The Company’s segments include Engineered Product Division, Industrial Product Division and Flow Control Division. Its geographic segments include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FLS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS).






Receive News & Ratings for Flowserve Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flowserve Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































CHEVY CHASE TRUST HOLDINGS, INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CHEVY CHASE TRUST HOLDINGS, INC.
                    

•   BETHESDA, MD
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Chevy Chase Trust Holdings is based out of Bethesda.   Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $20,894,801,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 18.18%. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings's largest holding is Apple Inc with shares held of 5,099,270.   WhaleWisdom has at least 37 13F filings in our database for Chevy Chase Trust Holdings. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CHEVY CHASE TRUST HOLDINGS, INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


C
        
        Citigroup, Inc.
0.105%



DXC
        
        DXC TECHNOLOGY COMPANY
0.09%



REGN
        
        Regeneron Pharmaceu...
0.088%



GOOGL
        
        ALPHABET INC COM ST...
0.088%



GOOG
        
        ALPHABET INC CAP ST...
0.086%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


AABA
         
         Altaba, Inc.
0.172%


GE
         
         General Electric Co
0.146%


VZ
         
         Verizon Communications
0.14%


AAPL
         
         Apple Inc
0.134%


T
         
         AT&T Inc
0.132%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


AAPL
                                                  
                                                  Apple Inc
3.5147%


MSFT
                                                  
                                                  Microsoft Corp.
2.6386%


AMZN
                                                  
                                                  Amazon.com Inc.
1.8053%


JNJ
                                                  
                                                  Johnson & Johnson Co.
1.6938%


BRK.B
                                                  
                                                  Berkshire Hathaway Inc Class B
1.532%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $20.895 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $20.372 Billion
New Purchases25 stocks
Additional Purchases243 stocks
Sold out of21 stocks
Reduced holdings in350 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %18.18%
Turnover %
                        [1]:6.98%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:1.43%
Time Held Top20:19.90 quarters
Time Held Top10:15.40 quarters
Time Held All:22.99 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for CHEVY CHASE TRUST HOLDINGS, INC.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.78%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
13.99%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export








Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



























Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:51 AM ET

Company Overview of Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc



Snapshot People




Company Overview



7501 Wisconsin AvenueBethesda, MD 20814United States



Phone: 2404975047








Key Executives for Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿




























Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Buys 155 Shares of PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for PerkinElmer Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor PerkinElmer Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (SLAB) Stock Price Up 11% After Earnings Beat
Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Trading Down 8.2% After Earnings Miss
Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:PPBI) Trading Down 5.2% on Disappointing Earnings
Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Short Interest Down 14.5% in July
Antares Pharma, Inc. (ATRS) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest
US Capital Advisors Weighs in on Unit Corporation’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NYSE:UNT)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $672,000 Stake in Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:OKSB)
Patheon NV (NASDAQ:PTHN) Shares Sold by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Versartis, Inc. (VSAR)
Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE:UNP) Stake Lowered by Boston Family Office LLC
Engineers Gate Manager LP Boosts Stake in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA)
Geneva Advisors LLC Sells 4,629 Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE)
Chevron Corporation (CVX) Stake Decreased by Sterling Investment Management Inc.
Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Sells 25,041 Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)
J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Shares Bought by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS
Seaport Global Securities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Apache Corporation (APA)
Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.19 Per Share (NASDAQ:CRZO)
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by Sentinel Trust Co. LBA
Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates €34.00 Price Target for Koninklijke Philips NV (PHIA)
Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boosts Atlantic Gold Corp (CVE:AGB) Price Target to C$2.00



 


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Buys 155 Shares of PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI)

					Posted by David on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 



Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in  PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI) by 0.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 94,798 shares of the medical research company’s stock after buying an additional 155 shares during the period. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. owned about 0.09% of PerkinElmer worth $6,459,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in  PerkinElmer during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $988,000.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in  PerkinElmer by 8.4% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 772,837 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $40,304,000 after buying an additional 59,736 shares during the last quarter.  Federated Investors Inc. PA raised its position in  PerkinElmer by 158.4% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 2,997 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $156,000 after buying an additional 1,837 shares during the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new position in  PerkinElmer during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $415,000.  Finally, Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in  PerkinElmer by 5.3% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 32,798 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $1,904,000 after buying an additional 1,648 shares during the last quarter. 92.45% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get PerkinElmer Inc. alerts:



Shares of PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) opened at 69.52 on Friday. PerkinElmer, Inc. has a 1-year low of $45.35 and a 1-year high of $70.16. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $67.00 and its 200 day moving average price is $59.34. The stock has a market cap of $7.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.90 and a beta of 0.76. 




PerkinElmer (NYSE:PKI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The medical research company reported $0.55 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.54 by $0.01. PerkinElmer had a net margin of 10.24% and a return on equity of 13.97%. The firm had revenue of $514.12 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $506.81 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.50 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 3.2% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts expect that  PerkinElmer, Inc. will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, August 10th. Investors of record on Friday, July 21st will be paid a $0.07 dividend. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.40%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 19th. PerkinElmer’s dividend payout ratio  is 13.66%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Buys 155 Shares of PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI)” was  published by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/23/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-buys-155-shares-of-perkinelmer-inc-pki.html. 
PKI has been the subject of several recent research reports. Janney Montgomery Scott raised PerkinElmer from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Citigroup Inc. boosted their price target on PerkinElmer from $57.00 to $67.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Cantor Fitzgerald lowered PerkinElmer from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $60.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $49.00 target price on shares of PerkinElmer in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Barclays PLC  set a $55.00 target price on PerkinElmer and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned  a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. PerkinElmer currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $64.14.
In other PerkinElmer news, insider Robert F. Friel sold 25,100 shares of PerkinElmer stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.00, for a total transaction of $1,506,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 597,071 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $35,824,260. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Andrew Okun sold 4,358 shares of PerkinElmer stock in a transaction on Monday, June 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total transaction of $283,270.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 16,799 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,091,935. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 170,923 shares of company stock valued at $10,340,269 in the last ninety days. Company insiders own  2.20% of the company’s stock. 
About PerkinElmer
PerkinElmer, Inc is a provider of products, services and solutions to the diagnostics, research, environmental, industrial and laboratory services markets. The Company operates through two segments: Discovery & Analytical Solutions and Diagnostics. The Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment serves the environmental, food, industrial, life sciences research and laboratory services markets.







Receive News & Ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 










































﻿




























Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 2,341 Shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Nordstrom Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Nordstrom Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Anglesey Mining Plc (AYM) Receives Speculative Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities
Anglo American plc (AAL) Rating Reiterated by J P Morgan Chase & Co
Mitchells & Butlers plc (LON:MAB) PT Lowered to GBX 260 at Peel Hunt
Centrica PLC’s (CNA) “Sell” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG
Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Earns Equal weight Rating from Barclays PLC
Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS
The Sage Group plc (SGE) Given New GBX 700 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG
Brightcove Inc. (NASDAQ:BCOV) Announces  Earnings Results
Capstead Mortgage Corporation (NYSE:CMO) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results
Universal Technical Institute (NYSE:UTI) vs. Franklin Covey (FC) Head to Head Comparison
United Fire Group (NASDAQ:UFCS) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Sienna Senior Living Inc (TSE:SIA) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (NYSE:EW) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance
Analysts Set Eaton Vance Corporation (NYSE:EV) Target Price at $48.07
Zacks: Faurecia  (NASDAQ:FURCY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:LPTX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Knowles Corporation (KN) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Jagged Peak Energy Inc. (NYSE:JAG) to Sell
AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Hexcel Corporation (NYSE:HXL) to Hold



 


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 2,341 Shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. reduced its stake in  Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) by 2.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 95,846 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 2,341 shares during the period. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Nordstrom were worth $4,585,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in  Nordstrom by 72.8% in the first quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 264,500 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $12,318,000 after buying an additional 111,458 shares in the last quarter.  Boston Private Wealth LLC acquired a new stake in  Nordstrom during the first quarter valued at $492,000.  Moreno Evelyn V increased its stake in  Nordstrom by 6.9% in the first quarter. Moreno Evelyn V now owns 91,875 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $4,279,000 after buying an additional 5,970 shares in the last quarter.  Scopus Asset Management L.P. increased its stake in  Nordstrom by 50.0% in the first quarter. Scopus Asset Management L.P. now owns 600,000 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $27,942,000 after buying an additional 200,000 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Toronto Dominion Bank increased its stake in  Nordstrom by 53.4% in the first quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 30,914 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $1,440,000 after buying an additional 10,764 shares in the last quarter. 64.21% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Nordstrom Inc. alerts:



Shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE JWN) opened at 47.44 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $46.32 and a 200-day moving average of $45.27. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.88 billion, a PE ratio of 22.21 and a beta of 0.82. Nordstrom, Inc. has a 52 week low of $39.05 and a 52 week high of $62.82. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-sells-2341-shares-of-nordstrom-inc-nysejwn.html. 




JWN has been the subject of several recent research reports. Citigroup Inc. lowered their price target on shares of Nordstrom from $50.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Vetr downgraded shares of Nordstrom from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $41.24 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Nordstrom in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Gordon Haskett  restated an “accumulate” rating on shares of Nordstrom in a research report on Friday, June 9th. Finally, Maxim Group  set a $61.00 price objective on shares of Nordstrom and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $47.23.
Nordstrom Company Profile
Nordstrom, Inc is a fashion specialty retailer in the United States. The Company’s segments include Retail and Credit. As of March 20, 2017, the Company operated 344 the United States stores located in 40 states as well as an e-commerce business. The Company also offers its customers a variety of payment products and services, including credit and debit cards.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JWN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN).







Receive News & Ratings for Nordstrom Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nordstrom Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Anglesey Mining Plc  Receives Speculative Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities





Anglo American plc  Rating Reiterated by J P Morgan Chase & Co





Mitchells & Butlers plc  PT Lowered to GBX 260 at Peel Hunt





Close Brothers Group plc  Earns Equal weight Rating from Barclays PLC





Centrica PLC’s  “Sell” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG





Regal Entertainment Group  Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









   2017's Best Financial Advisors - Find a Financial Advisor Near You | SmartAsset.com                                               Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Term Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It            When would you like to retire?    1-4 years   5-9 years   10-19 years   20-29 years   30+ years   Already Retired           How do you currently manage your money?    I manage my own investments   I use retirement plans (such as a 401(k), Roth IRA, IRA)   I use a robo-advisor   I work with a financial advisor   None of the above          Would you like advice on how to manage income and expenses in retirement?    Yes   Not necessary          Would you like your advisor to perform a complete assessment of your current retirement readiness?    Yes, must have   Nice to have   Not important          How comfortable are you with investing?    I consider myself to be an expert   I'm familiar with financial concepts like ETFs, Options, Annuities but do not consider myself to be an expert   I know the basics of retirement planning   I'm a beginner          Why are you interested in an advisor?    Planning to retire soon   Just married   Recently became a parent   Came into some money   Planning for a major expense   Looking for investment advice   Other           Why are you interested in an advisor?  Other (please explain)           Are you married?    No   Yes           Are you saving jointly or separately?    Separately   Jointly          Do you own your home?    No   Yes           Have you refinanced your home recently to take advantage of low interest rates?    No   Yes          Do you currently have children under 18?    No   Yes, 1   Yes, 2   Yes, 3 or more           Would you like help creating a college savings program for your child?    No   Yes          Do you own a business?    No   Yes          If your investments dropped 10% today, what would you do?    Invest More   Do Nothing   Sell to Cut Losses          How important is it for your financial advisor to have tax expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have estate planning expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have insurance product expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Is socially responsible investing important to you?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Do you currently have a financial advisor?    No   Yes          What is your zipcode?  Zipcode           Does your financial advisor need to be within driving distance of you?    Yes   No, I am comfortable working by phone or video-conference          Please estimate your total investable assets.    Less than $25,000   $25,000 - $99,999   $100,000 - $249,999   $250,000 - $499,999   $500,000 - $999,999   Over $1,000,000          How much are you currently saving on a monthly basis?    Less than $100   $100 - $249   $250 - $499   $500 - $999   $1,000 - $1,999   Over $2,000          We are looking for your match! We're reviewing data from hundreds of certified financial advisors from our vetted and trusted network.  Location Preferences Retirement Timelines Investment Experience Asset Requirements Risk Assessment Advisor Expertise Family Planning Investable Assets       What email should advisors use to speak with you?   Email           Great! We've found some fantastic advisors who fit your needs.Who should we have them reach out to?   First Name   Last Name    Your information is secure.             What is your phone number?   Phone              Thank you!       Show More    Next Steps For You           Thank you!  Invest with         Invest with      Show More    Next Steps For You Get started      Sorry! Something went wrong on our end.Please refresh your browser or come back and try again later.Restart     Why do we need this information?   Thousands of advisors operate in the United States. Your answers power our matching algorithm to select the best 2-4 advisors that meet your needs.Who is SmartAsset?SmartAsset is personal finance, made simple. We read tax codes, so you don't have to. Our personal finance calculators serve more than 3 million users every month.We’ve been featured in publications like:        We only have top-quality financial advisors:   SEC Registered 5-star rated At least 5 years of experience Vetted by reputable third parties    Return to question                   Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                   Choosing the Right Financial Advisor | SmartAsset.com                                                  Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Term Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It      Choosing the Right Financial Advisor Your Details Done By Eric Rosenberg        By Eric Rosenberg | November 23, 2016  If you know you want a financial advisor, choosing the right one can be a challenge. There are so many different fee structures and specialties, knowing how to sort through your options is difficult. You trust your financial advisor with your money, so it is important to make the best possible decision.How to Choose a Financial AdvisorWhen you start your search for a financial advisor, you need to find someone whose skills matches your needs. That means you need to recognize what you are looking for before you start looking.Here are some common needs from financial advisors: Cash flow management Budgeting Retirement planning Investing Paying for children's education No financial advisor is perfect for every need, which is why it is so important to understand your needs before hiring anyone.How to Find a Financial AdvisorYour first step in choosing a financial advisor after examining your needs is to find potential advisors. You will want someone who is easy to reach, and ideally not too far from your home or office so it is easy to get to a meeting if needed.There are over 750,000 registered financial advisors in the United States. SmartAsset's financial advisor search tool can help you navigate to the best advisor for your needs. Answer questions about where you live, your plans for retirement, and other financial priorities. In just a few minutes, you'll be all set and SmartAsset will have an advisor contact you.Questions to Ask a Financial AdvisorOnce you have found a few advisors, you should interview them to decide who is the best fit for your needs. Here are some example questions to ask to make sure you end up with the right advisor.How many years of experience do you have as a professional financial advisor? Do you want someone new and inexperienced managing your money? It is best to find someone with plenty of experience. Advisors with a decade or more under their belt have seen multiple economic cycles and can better help you weather the storm.What is your strongest focus area in financial planning? Some advisors are experts in retirement. Others have expertise in estates and trusts. Others still are best suited to help you pay for your child's education. Some financial advisors focus on people who are self-employed. Be sure to choose someone who can help with what you need, not what someone else needs.What is your budgeting philosophy? Every family's budget is unique. Budgets can be very detailed or more general. Some advisors suggest living frugally to meet your goals, others take a more balanced approach. Find an advisor with a philosophy that matches yours.How are you compensated? Some financial advisors are “fee only.” This means that you pay your advisor a flat fee for their services. Many advisors charge based on the size of your portfolio. The worst situation is where advisors are paid a commission by mutual funds. In this case, a conflict of interest exists. The advisor is incentivized to put your money into those funds even if they are not the best for your needs.How much does it cost to work with you? After learning how they are paid, make sure you know how much you will pay. No one wants a giant surprise bill after your first meeting.Are you a fiduciary? Fiduciary means putting your needs first. Many financial advisors work as a fiduciary and have to put your needs first, even if it means they earn less money. However, many financial advisors are not fiduciaries, and can give you advice that is not in your best interest.Do you own the same investments you'll suggest to me? Do they put their money where their mouth is? Advisors who suggest one strategy to clients and use a different strategy for their own finances should be a big red flag.How have your client's portfolios performed? How did you handle their portfolios during the Great Recession in 2008? These questions get to the root of their performance. If the advisor does not readily share this information, they are probably hiding something that went wrong in the past.  Make Sure Your Financial Advisor is LicensedFinancial advisors are not allowed to give you specific investment advice unless they are licensed. The most common and important license for a financial advisor is the CFP, or Certified Financial Planner. CFPs are regulated and must take a course and pass a test proving their competence in financial topics.Series 7 and Series 63 licenses give finance professionals the ability to recommend and trade stocks, bonds, and other investments on your behalf. Make sure your financial advisor has successfully completed both of these exams and has an up-to-date license.Beware of Lofty PromisesIf an advisor makes promises that sound like something from the 2016 Presidential Campaign, proceed with caution. Promises to beat the market and outperform other advisors and funds are easier said than done. Further, no advisor can promise that they will beat the market.At the end of the day, many financial advisors have similar skills. They use comparable tools and reports to stay up-to-date on the markets and help find the best investments for you. If any advisor gives you a bad vibe, don't feel bad looking elsewhere.Choose an Advisor You Can TrustAfter you have met with a few advisors, it is time to make your decision. Asking about licenses, fees, and past performance is black and white. There are other parts of the decision that are a bit more subjective.Do you like the person? Do you trust them? Would you trust them with your daughter's education fund? Your retirement?If you have been able to limit your list down to your final few, it is time to trust your gut. It is important to have an advisor you like, trust, and enjoy interacting with. Your money is too important to put in the hands of someone you don't trust. Pick and advisor who feels like a partner who will stand beside you through your financial journey. If you do, you'll be on track for a great financial future.If you're ready to start, answer a few questions in SmartAsset's financial advisor selection tool and you'll be contacted by a few advisors in your area to choose from.      Do I Need a Financial Advisor?   Find a Financial Advisor in Your Neighborhood      1 How much house can I afford? 2 How much house can I afford and some more text? 3 How much house can I afford and some more text? 4 How much house can I afford? 5 How much house can I afford? 6 How much house can I afford? 7 How much house can I afford?              Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                   7 Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor | SmartAsset.com                                                  Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Term Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It      7 Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor Your Details Done By Eric Rosenberg        January 19, 2017  Choosing a financial advisor is a big decision. Unlike hiring a mechanic or hairstylist, financial advisors are usually long term relationships. They are also taking responsibility for your money. With your entire livelihood on the line, choosing the wrong advisor would be a big mistake. Avoid these 7 common blunders when choosing an advisor to ensure you are on track to meet your financial goals.1. Hiring the First Advisor You MeetDepending on where you live, you could have dozens of options for advisors. It is tempting to hire the closest advisor to home. Some people might just pick the first advisor in the yellow pages. This decision requires more time. Take the time to interview at least a few advisors before picking the best match for you.2. Choosing an Advisor with the Wrong SpecialtyAdvisors can have different focus area. Some specialize on retirement planning. Some are best for business owners or those with a high net worth. Others are best for young professionals starting a family. This type of focus does not make an advisor better or worse. It makes them better for certain people than others. Be sure to understand an advisor’s strengths and weaknesses. Do that before signing on the dotted line.  3. Picking an Advisor with an Incompatible StrategyEach advisor has a unique strategy. Some advisors may suggest aggressive investments. Others are more conservative. Again, there is no right or wrong. However, there is a right and wrong for you. If you don’t feel comfortable with risk, don’t choose an advisor that prefers aggressive investments. If you prefer to go all in on stocks, an advisor that prefers bonds and index funds is not a great match for your style.4. Skipping Checking ReferencesMost advisors are happy to offer references to prospective clients. If you ask about references and they act nervous, that's a red flag! Quality advisors are happy to discuss past missteps and what they learned. This helps them keep from repeating the same mistake in the future. Calling references only takes a couple of minutes. It can help put you at ease when handing over the keys to your bank account.5. Not Asking about CredentialsTo give investment advice, financial advisors are required to pass a test. Ask your advisor about their licenses, tests, and credentials. This ensures they are qualified to meet your needs. Financial advisors tests include the Series 7 and Series 66 or Series 65. Some advisors go a step further and become a Certified Financial Planner, or CFP. Also ask where they went to school and what degree they earned. Some advisors have a finance degree from a top school. Others could have an English degree from a community college.6. Making Assumptions When They are Affiliated with a Reputable BrandAn advisor might appear qualified and professional due to an association with a major firm like J.P. Morgan or Morgan Stanley. However, that doesn’t make them a great advisor. Working with an advisor from a reputable firm is not a bad idea. It often leads to stability and better tools and information. However, they still have quite a bit of autonomy. Choose an advisor because they are the best fit, not because of their branding.7. Not Understanding How They are PaidThere are different payment models for financial advisors. Some are “fee only.” In this case, they charge a flat rate no matter what. Others charge a percentage of assets under management. Some advisors are paid by mutual funds. This is the worst situation for you. This is a serious conflict of interest. If the advisor earns more by ignoring your best interests, do not hire them.Do Your Research to Find the Perfect AdvisorChoosing a financial advisor is an important decision. It requires the best information available. Gathering information about financial advisors can be tough. That is why SmartAsset created a financial advisor match tool. Answering basic questions results in a list of local advisors to choose from. It doesn't matter if you need help with your finances or just want a second opinion. Find the perfect advisor for your needs today!      Do I Need a Financial Advisor?   Find a Financial Advisor in Your Neighborhood      1 How much house can I afford? 2 How much house can I afford and some more text? 3 How much house can I afford and some more text? 4 How much house can I afford? 5 How much house can I afford? 6 How much house can I afford? 7 How much house can I afford?              Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                   2017's Best Financial Advisors - Find a Financial Advisor Near You | SmartAsset.com                                               Loading          Home Buying  How much house can I afford? Mortgage Calculator Rent vs Buy Mortgage Rates Veterans Home Buying Guide Go To Guide   Refinance  Refinance Calculator Refinance Rates Go To Guide   Credit Cards  Best Credit Cards of 2017 Credit Card Calculator Compare Credit Cards Rewards Credit Card Guide Cash Back Credit Card Guide Balance Transfer Credit Card Guide Zero APR Credit Card Guide Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards What credit card is best for me? Go To Guide   Banking  Checking Accounts Savings Accounts CD Rates Money Market Accounts Go To Guide   Retirement  Retirement Calculator 401(k) Calculator Social Security Calculator Retirement Tax Friendliness Calculator Find a Financial Advisor Go To Guide   Life Insurance  How much life insurance do I need? Life Insurance Quotes Term Life Insurance Quotes Go To Guide   Taxes  Income Tax Calculator Property Taxes Paycheck Calculator Go To Guide   SmartReads More     Student Loans Student Loan Calculator Student Loan Refinance Rates Go To Guide     Personal Loans Personal Loan Calculator Personal Loan Rates Go To Guide     Investing Investment Calculator Asset Allocation Calculator Capital Gains Tax Calculator Online Brokerage Accounts Go To Guide     More Topics Credit Cards Banking Retirement Life Insurance Taxes        SmartAsset.com works best on modern browsers (Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Opera). Please upgrade your browser to use SmartAsset.com        Search          Tap on the profile icon to edityour financial details.Got It            When would you like to retire?    1-4 years   5-9 years   10-19 years   20-29 years   30+ years   Already Retired           How do you currently manage your money?    I manage my own investments   I use retirement plans (such as a 401(k), Roth IRA, IRA)   I use a robo-advisor   I work with a financial advisor   None of the above          Would you like advice on how to manage income and expenses in retirement?    Yes   Not necessary          Would you like your advisor to perform a complete assessment of your current retirement readiness?    Yes, must have   Nice to have   Not important          How comfortable are you with investing?    I consider myself to be an expert   I'm familiar with financial concepts like ETFs, Options, Annuities but do not consider myself to be an expert   I know the basics of retirement planning   I'm a beginner          Why are you interested in an advisor?    Planning to retire soon   Just married   Recently became a parent   Came into some money   Planning for a major expense   Looking for investment advice   Other           Why are you interested in an advisor?  Other (please explain)           Are you married?    No   Yes           Are you saving jointly or separately?    Separately   Jointly          Do you own your home?    No   Yes           Have you refinanced your home recently to take advantage of low interest rates?    No   Yes          Do you currently have children under 18?    No   Yes, 1   Yes, 2   Yes, 3 or more           Would you like help creating a college savings program for your child?    No   Yes          Do you own a business?    No   Yes          If your investments dropped 10% today, what would you do?    Invest More   Do Nothing   Sell to Cut Losses          How important is it for your financial advisor to have tax expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have estate planning expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          How important is it for your financial advisor to have insurance product expertise?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Is socially responsible investing important to you?    Must have   Nice to have   Not important          Do you currently have a financial advisor?    No   Yes          What is your zipcode?  Zipcode           Does your financial advisor need to be within driving distance of you?    Yes   No, I am comfortable working by phone or video-conference          Please estimate your total investable assets.    Less than $25,000   $25,000 - $99,999   $100,000 - $249,999   $250,000 - $499,999   $500,000 - $999,999   Over $1,000,000          How much are you currently saving on a monthly basis?    Less than $100   $100 - $249   $250 - $499   $500 - $999   $1,000 - $1,999   Over $2,000          We are looking for your match! We're reviewing data from hundreds of certified financial advisors from our vetted and trusted network.  Location Preferences Retirement Timelines Investment Experience Asset Requirements Risk Assessment Advisor Expertise Family Planning Investable Assets      Is there anything else potential advisors should know about your needs?  (Feel free to answer 'no' if you've already provided enough information)            Where should we send information about your advisors?   Email           Great! We've found some fantastic advisors who fit your needs.Who should we have them reach out to?   First Name   Last Name    Your information is secure.             The best way to choose an advisor is by actually speaking with them.What phone should they use to reach out to you?   Phone              Thank you!       Show More    Next Steps For You           Thank you!  Invest with         Invest with      Show More    Next Steps For You Get started      Sorry! Something went wrong on our end.Please refresh your browser or come back and try again later.Restart     Why do we need this information?   Thousands of advisors operate in the United States. Your answers power our matching algorithm to select the best 2-4 advisors that meet your needs.Who is SmartAsset?SmartAsset is personal finance, made simple. We read tax codes, so you don't have to. Our personal finance calculators serve more than 3 million users every month.We’ve been featured in publications like:        We only have top-quality financial advisors:   SEC Registered 5-star rated At least 5 years of experience Vetted by reputable third parties    Return to question                   Get in touch Contact Jobs Unsubscribe   SmartAsset About SmartReads Captivate Press   Get Social Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+   Legal Stuff Terms of Service Privacy Policy       Smartly made in NYC  © 2017 SmartAsset, all rights reserved.               OK Cancel      Thanks for visiting SmartAsset! We're now sending you to 's secure website.   Stay on SmartAsset             An error occurred Please reload the page.                




chevy chase trust holdings - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related tochevy chase trust holdings



chevy chase trust company


chevy chase trust


chevy chase logon


chevy chase bank bethesda md



chevy chase investments


chase bank trust company


chase trust services


chevy chase financial services




Web Results

Home - Chevy Chase Trust

https://www.chevychasetrust.com


In the Community Announcements Chevy Chase Trust Chevy Chase Trust provides individuals, families, and foundations with an alternative to institutionalized […]



Board of Directors



Noteworthy



Fixed Income



Equity



Our Approach



Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc. Buys Baker Hughes Inc ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-buys-baker...


For the details of Chevy Chase Trust Holdings, Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Chevy+Chase+Trust+Holdings ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Reduces Position in ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/agilent-technologies...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. cut its position in shares of Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) by 0.2% during the second quarter, according to its most ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $3.73 Million Position ...

https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. reduced its position in shares of Signet Jewelers Limited (NYSE:SIG) by 1.8% during the second quarter, according to its ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Acquires 138 Shares of ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/chevy-chase-trust...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Equinix, Inc. (NASDAQ:EQIX) by 0.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Buys 155 Shares of ...

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/23/chevy-chase-trust-holdings...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI) by 0.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Acquires New Stake in Dick ...

https://weekherald.com/2017/07/25/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. acquired a new position in Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) during the second quarter, according to its most recent ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Stake in Netflix ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/chevy-chase-trust...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 0.1% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The ...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Cuts Stake in TransCanada ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/chevy-chase-trust...


Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. cut its position in TransCanada Corporation (NYSE:TRP) (TSE:TRP) by 18.8% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports.


CHEVY CHASE TRUST HOLDINGS, INC. - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/.../chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-804590


10:07PM ET - GlobeNewswire EXCLUSIVE-U.S. weighs financial sanctions to hit Venezuela's oil revenue - sources 8:32PM ET - Reuters Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan ...



Searches related tochevy chase trust holdings



chevy chase trust company


chevy chase trust


chevy chase logon


chevy chase bank bethesda md



chevy chase investments


chase bank trust company


chase trust services


chevy chase financial services




12345Next






Answers







Chevy Chase, Maryland



residential streetcar suburb for Washington, D.C. (See Washington streetcars) The Chevy Chase Land Company was founded in 1890, and its eventual...

more






Chevy Chase (Washington, D.C.)



developing a residential streetcar suburb. (See Washington streetcars.) They founded the Chevy Chase Land Company in 1890, and its eventual holdings...

more






Chevy Chase Elementary School



Chevy Chase Elementary School is an elementary school containing grades 3–6 in Chevy Chase, Maryland. It was founded in 1917 in as the “Chevy Chase...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








