

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





I2A fund gets $40 million makeover as Chicago Ventures	                                             -  John Pletz Technology Blog - Crain's Chicago Business





















































































































































































































        Friday, July 28, 2017
        





Login
Register
Subscribe






Welcome Guest
Account Settings
Register
Log out









Navigation



Editors’ Picks



Weather



Search





                                             Here's how Four Loko became a thing again 
                                        



                                             Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago 
                                        



                                             Who's telling the truth about state school funding—Rauner or Dems? 
                                        



                                             When small manufacturers become the bank 
                                        



                                             The doctor will see you now—for $25,000 
                                        






×







                                             How city power players diverted millions in blight-fighting TIF cash to Navy Pier 
                                        



                                             SB 1 is flawed, but it's a necessary step for Illinois schools  
                                        



                                             Here's how Four Loko became a thing again 
                                        



                                             Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago 
                                        



                                             Who's telling the truth about state school funding—Rauner or Dems? 
                                        









                                             When small manufacturers become the bank 
                                        



                                             The doctor will see you now—for $25,000 
                                        



                                             What the Sun-Times' new owners need most 
                                        



                                             Tour this home on 40 acres in La Porte 
                                        



                                             Best places to buy a home 
                                        










×

                        Weather
                    



×

                  Search
                

























        June 16, 2013
    



Comments




Email



Print







    By  John Pletz









        SHARE
        ×


Facebook
Twitter
Text / SMS
LinkedIn
Google +


Email










			
			Stuart Larkins
		




I2A fund gets $40 million makeover as Chicago Ventures


The I2A venture fund is getting a $40 million makeover.Led by Stuart Larkins and Kevin Willer, the new, larger fund, which completed fundraising last week, has been renamed Chicago Ventures.While it includes some of the same investors who backed the I2A (Illinois Innovation Accelerator Fund) in 2007, such as J.B. Pritzker and Duchossois Group, Chicago Ventures has attracted a who's who of the city's corporate investors and entrepreneurs. Among them: John Canning Jr., Madison Dearborn Partners LLC; Gordon Segal, Crate & Barrel founder, Sam Scott, former CEO of Ingredion Inc. (Corn Products International Inc.); former Tribune Co. CEO John Madigan; Jim Gray, founder of OptionsXpress Inc.; Dan Tierney, founder of Getco LLC; Don Wilson, founder of DRW Trading Group; David Herro, fund manager at Harris Associates LP; Pat Ryan Jr., founder of software company Incisent Technologies; and Mark Tebbe, a repeat tech entrepreneur and investor. Investors also include partners from investment banking firms Robert W. Baird Co. and Wm. Blair Co.“We want to be the early-stage fund that entrepreneurs seek out, not just for the money but for our connections,” says Mr. Larkins, an experienced entrepreneur and investor, who led the fundraising. “We're not professional investors who have run big funds before, but I think that's an advantage. We have operating backgrounds.”He was an executive at search-engine advertising startup Performics, which was sold to DoubleClick and later acquired by Google Inc.




			
			Kevin Willer
		


Mr. Willer is a former Google sales executive who headed the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center for the past two years and oversaw day-to-day operations of 1871, the tech-startup incubator at the Merchandise Mart. Both men have been angel investors in tech companies, such as Trunk Club and Bright Tag.Mr. Larkins was brought in to create the new fund about 18 months ago. He exceeded the original target of $30 million to $35 million without relying on any institutional investors, such as universities, pension funds or insurance companies.Chicago Ventures is one of several new venture funds that have been raised in the past year, boosting the overall pool of capital available to tech startups. Hyde Park Venture Partners recently closed a $25 million fund.In February, Northbrook-based Origin Ventures raised its third fund, a $45 million pool of capital.Chicago Ventures is different from its predecessor, the I2A fund, in several ways. It's bigger and organized more like a traditional venture fund, and the state of Illinois is no longer an investor. I2A was launched in 2007 when the state of Illinois and Mr. Pritzker put up $1 million each in an effort to boost tech startups by supplying a source of local seed capital. David Weinstein of the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center helped line up the other $8 million.Mr. Ryan, who runs analytics software company Incisent Technologies, looked at the original fund but didn't invest until now. “Chicago's at an inflection point now, having critical mass of startups,” he says. “We weren't there before. The strategy is differentiated from other funds. With seed-stage investments, you're largely competing locally — not against the big coastal firms.”The fund expects to do seed-stage and Series A investments of $250,000 to $1 million. The fund began making investments more than a year ago and has put money into 15 companies, including Simple Relevance, Food Genius, Retrofit, Kapow Events, Shiftgig and UpCity. One investment, Cartavi, which allows real estate documents to be handled securely online, already has been sold.Chicago Ventures expects to make about 30 investments overall. The fund plans to look at about 1,000 possible deals a year but make no more than 10.


1871
Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center
Corn Products International Inc.
Crate & Barrel
DRW Holdings LLC
Duchossois Industries Inc.
Getco LLC
Google Inc.
Harris Associates L.P.
Ingredion Inc.
Madison Dearborn Partners LLC
OptionsXpress Holdings Inc.
Robert W. Baird & Co.
State of Illinois
Tribune Co.
Trunk Club
William Blair & Co. (all entities)
Craig J. Duchossois
Gordon I. Segal
J. B. Pritzker
John Madigan
Kevin Willer
Thomas Wilson
Small Business
Startups
State Government



























Today's Crain's
Get our daily roundup of important business news.













                        Read Next
                    





                                Outcome Health promotes new COO
                            





                                Health internet of things startup gets $8 million
                            





                                YCharts founder raises $1.1 million from Pritzker, among others
                            





                                University of Illinois gets $104 million research grant
                            



























































News & Blog - Page 2 of 11 - Chicago Ventures
























Jump to Content




toggle menu















































 






Type
All

Filter Post Type







All



Blog



CV News



CV Portfolio Company News




Companies
All

Filter Companies







All



Meta SaaS



Mimir



PreparedHealth



CredSimple



Sunbit



GAN Integrity



Gunslinger



Chowly



LogicGate



UpKey



M1 Finance



Mac & Mia



ItemMaster



Alpha Outpost



Stuff Savvy



Truss



Tock



project44



Predata



data.world



eRelevance



Catalytic



Grace



Troops



Havenly



Spotlite



Infinite io



Get Smart Content



Zeal



Luxury Garage Sale



Telnyx



XOR



Pluto TV



Curiosity



GetSet



SpotHero



G2 Crowd



elicit



Curbside



MyAlerts



Opternative



Dónde



RocketMiles



Spring



Datica



MDotlabs



BloomNation



Zipments



Blitsy



Pangea



Cartavi



Shiftgig



Kapow



UpCity



Retrofit



HealthFinch




Vertical
All

Filter Vertical







All



Commerce



Data/Storage/Security



Edtech



Fintech



Gaming



HealthcareIT



Marketplace



Media/Content



Payments/Loyalty



SaaS








News & Blog
Page 2





 January 9, 2017  •  Blog CV Portfolio Company News 



Catalytic’s Customer Success Exec on Being an Advocate for the Customer
When Andrew Thiermann was in his early 20s, he moved to Chicago from Paris, where he’d spent two years as a web and communications consultant for a major international organization.
Read more…





 December 13, 2016  •  Blog 



From Super Mario’s US Launch to New Mobile, Synchronous, Multi-Player Games: How Chicago’s Gaming Veteran Tim Harris has Watched the Industry Evolve
Tim Harris has had a hand in Chicago’s quietly ambitious gaming scene for over two decades, though his interest was seeded much earlier. A lifelong gamer and child-of-the-80s, Tim grew up as a self-described computer geek,
Read more…





 November 22, 2016  •  CV Portfolio Company News 



ItemMaster Secures $7.5M Series A Funding Led by Edison Partners
Funding Will Accelerate Growth of ItemMaster’s Key Offerings to Solve Dramatically Increasing Product Content Needs of CPG Brands and Retailers
CHICAGO, IL – November 22, 2016 – ItemMaster,
Read more…





 November 22, 2016  •  Blog CV Portfolio Company News 



Every Brand. Everywhere.
Nearly 25 years before Instacart was hatched and a decade prior to WebVan’s fall from grace, two brothers pondered a question. They wondered why a trip to the grocery store was required each and every time they needed food.
Read more…





 November 16, 2016  •  Blog 



Designing Parking Magic
SpotHero’s Chief Product Officer Anthony Broad-Crawford grew up with an entirely different career focus: music. As part of an elite youth orchestra where “music was his life,” Anthony played trumpet,
Read more…





 October 31, 2016  •  CV News 
Chicago Ventures Closes $66M Fund II to Continue Investing in Seed Stage Tech Startups
Chicago Ventures, a seed stage venture capital firm that invests in tech-enabled startups, today announced the close of its $66M Chicago Ventures Fund II. With over $100M under management, the firm leads or participates in the first institutional rounds of capital raised by early-stage companies in Chicago and the central part of the country,
Read more…





 October 20, 2016  •  Blog 



Welcome 2016-2017 CV Student Fellows!
We’re very excited to kick off one of our favorite initiatives here at Chicago Ventures – our Student Fellows program.
Now in its fourth year, the program was launched by our Senior Associate Ezra Galston in an effort to connect with and learn from the most entrepreneurial,
Read more…





 September 29, 2016  •  Blog CV News CV Portfolio Company News 



How We Partnered with Twitter for #SheInspiresMe Day
We partnered with Twitter’s Retail team to organize #SheInspiresMe Day in September – an event aimed at sharing unique perspectives, trading tips, and creating meaningful new connections between females from Chicago Ventures’
Read more…





 September 21, 2016  •  CV Portfolio Company News 



Catalyze Raises $6.5 Million in Series B Financing to Meet the Growing Need of Trusted Connectivity within Enterprise Healthcare
Lewis & Clark Ventures led the round, joined by existing investors Arthur Ventures, Baird Venture Partners and Chicago Ventures
Madison, WIS (September 21, 2016) -Catalyze, Inc.,
Read more…





 September 19, 2016  •  Blog CV Portfolio Company News 



How Havenly’s CTO Has Built a High-Performing Engineering Culture
A self-described “life-long nerd,” Havenly’s CTO Gabe Hesse loves making things. He’s a tinkerer who’s attracted to high-growth companies in industries ripe for technology disruption. Gabe’s career has spanned from transactional processing to healthcare to,
Read more…




Show Older Posts Show Newer Posts 







 




	Chicago Ventures Venture Capital Profile | VentureDeal






























Subscribe|Contact Us|



homeoverviewfree trialsubscribeservicesuse casesapi feedsreportsfaq


Search










DOWNLOAD RECORD  
                vCard |
                CSV |
                PDF























 


Venture Investor Name
 
Chicago Ventures


Investor Type
 
Venture Capital


Status
 
Active


Activity Level
 



      
        
        












 





                                
                                     
                                    
                                
Contact Information





Contact
 
Stuart Larkins


Title
 
Partner


Email
 
info@chicagoventures.com


Offices
 
 


Address 1
 

222 W Merchandise Mart Plaza Suite 1212
Chicago, IL 60654
USA  Map



Phone
 
(847) 448-4976



 



Website
 

www.chicagoventures.com










 






                                
                                     
                                    
                                
Description & History





Industry Focus
 
AgTechArtificial IntelligenceBiopharmaceuticalCommunicationsConsumerDigital Media & VR & ARECommerceEdTechEnterprise ITHealthcare ITHealthcare ServicesInternet & IoTMobileSoftwareTransportation






Company Description
 
Chicago Ventures is a seed stage venture fund focused on catalyzing and partnering with the next wave of innovative technology ventures in Chicago and the Greater Midwest. Chicago Ventures partners with startups to provide them with their first round of institutional financing and works with them to achieve success.


Profile
 



Social Media
 



Company News
 



Facebook
 



Youtube
 



Transaction History
 
View Transaction History









 





                                
                                     
                                    
                                
Funds





Funding Stage
 
SeedEarly


Funding Range Estimate
 
$250,000 - $1,000,000


Fund Description
 
Chicago Ventures Fund II


Vintage Date
 
10/31/2016


Fund Amount
 
$66,000,000





Fund Description
 
Chicago Ventures Fund


Vintage Date
 
6/17/2013


Fund Amount
 
$40,000,000





Fund Description
 
I2A Fund II


Vintage Date
 
3/23/2012


Fund Amount
 
$12,050,000





Total Funds
 
$118,050,000









 






                                
                                     
                                    
                                
Investor Names














Title
Name
Email
Social


 
 
 


Partner
Larkins, Stuart 




Partner
Willer, Kevin














 










Free Trial
Want unlimited access to the complete database with thousands of technology companies, VCs and transactions for only $25 per month?
Start your Free 14 Day Trial now – no obligation or credit card required.











About VentureDeal
Founded in 2006, VentureDeal is a database that provides the latest information about venture capital firms, venture-backed technology companies and transactions throughout North America.
Learn More »


Home
Overview
Service Firms
Tech Entrepreneurs
Venture Investors


Services
Subscribe
Use Cases



FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Login




© VentureDeal, Inc., Menlo Park, CA. All Rights Reserved.























 




Chicago Ventures Fund, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:00 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Chicago Ventures Fund, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Chicago Ventures Fund, L.P. specializes in seed stage and early-stage. It seeks to invest in the technology sector. The fund prefers to invest in the Chicago and the Greater Midwest region.


222 West Merchandise Mart PlazaSuite 1212Chicago, IL 60654United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 847-448-4976








Key Executives for Chicago Ventures Fund, L.P.




Mr. Kevin W. Willer


      	Partner
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Stuart B. Larkins


      	Co-Founder and Partner
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Ezra Galston


      	Principal 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Chicago Ventures Fund, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Contact - Chicago Ventures



























Jump to Content




toggle menu















































 






Great entrepreneurs are resourceful – we always appreciate creative outreach. Get in touch with us below, or, even better, get a warm introduction to someone on our team.
Chicago
222 West Merchandise Mart PlazaSuite 1212

info@chicagoventures.com


Join our mailing list


Sign Up
 







 


Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. $60,390,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. $60,390,000 Financing
Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. just submitted form D announcing $60,390,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. was able to sell $60,390,000. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $60,390,000. The financing was made by 85 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $50,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-31. Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. is based in  222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA SUITE 1212 CHICAGO 60654. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  STUART LARKINS.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001644873




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P.
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2014


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P.

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA
SUITE 1212


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


CHICAGO
ILLINOIS
60654
312-282-8211


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


LARKINS
STUART


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA
SUITE 1212


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


CHICAGO
ILLINOIS
60654



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
MANAGER OF GENERAL PARTNER


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


WILLER
KEVIN


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


222 MERCHANDISE MART PLAZA
SUITE 1212


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


CHICAGO
ILLINOIS
60654



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
MANAGER OF GENERAL PARTNER
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


X
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2015-01-23

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$50,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$60,390,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$60,390,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
85


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P.
/s/ Stuart Larkins
Stuart Larkins
Manager of the General Partner
2016-10-31


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-31New Form D$60,390,000$60,390,0000$50,0008506b 3C 3C.1[view]
Chicago Ventures Fund II, L.P. List of ExecutivesKEVIN WILLER, STUART LARKINS











Last visited: Putnam Consumer Long/Short Fund,LP, Putnam Bridge Funding III, LLC, Push IO Inc., Putnam Industrials Long/Short Fund, LP, Putnam TMT Long/Short Fund, LP

								© 
							















Chicago Ventures Fund Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























chicago ventures fund management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Chicago Ventures Fund Management LLC operates as a venture capital firm. The Firm seeks to provide seed financing to technology companies in Midwest.




Corporate Information
Address:

222 W Merchandise Mart Plaza
Suite 1212
Chicago, IL 60654
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.chicagoventures.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Robert Fealy
Chicago Ventures Fund Management LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Robert L Fealy "Bob"


Chairman




Stuart Larkins


Partner/Co-Founder




Kevin W Willer


Partner/Co-Founder




Jason Duboe


Principal




Ezra Galston


Principal







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














p & l ventures - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content
















Venture Science Fiction




version, with another six in the second run. It was founded in both instances as a companion to The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction; Robert P. Mills edited the 1950s version, and Edward

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Sources: YC Alums Club Together For Crystal Towers, A ...

https://techcrunch.com/2015/07/03/crystal-towers


Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search ... YC Alums Club Together For Crystal Towers, ... L.P. at the end of June quietly filed a ...


Monsanto-owned The Climate Corporation acquires Estonia’s ...

https://techcrunch.com/2016/11/21/monsanto-owned-the-climate


Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search ... Monsanto Growth Ventures ... stock management and P&L reports. ...


BBVA Shuts In-House Venture Arm, Pours $250M Into New ...

https://techcrunch.com/2016/02/11/bbva-shuts-in-house-venture-arm...


The company is shutting down its in-house venture arm, BBVA Ventures; and it is taking BBVA Ventures’ portfolio, the $100 million fund it had ...


YL Ventures news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/yl-ventures


All the latest news on YL Ventures. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, YL Ventures videos and more, on WOW.com


Trailblazing Women: Kelly Hoey, LP at Laconia Capital ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/anne-ravanona/trailblazing-women-kelly_b...


Trailblazing Women: Kelly Hoey, LP at Laconia Capital Group & Angel Investor. ... tracking the growth of early-stage mobile technology ventures with gender ...


Empowering Women Through Entrepreneurial Education

www.huffingtonpost.com/tory-burch/empowering-women-through-_b...


Empowering Women Through Entrepreneurial Education. By Tory Burch. 450. ... How do you analyze a P&L statement? And why do you need to do an operational audit?


As the LA venture market booms, Upfront closes its sixth ...

https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/29/as-the-la-venture-market-booms...


As the LA venture market booms, Upfront closes its sixth fund with $400 million. ... Upfront Ventures, ... Latest From TechCrunch.


Getting More Cash Out Of SaaS: Timing Is Everything ...

https://techcrunch.com/2015/01/10/getting-more-cash-out-of-saas...


Getting More Cash Out Of SaaS: Timing Is Everything. ... Sapphire Ventures has invested in ... lots of cash and show significant P&L losses during ...


There's a New-Old Sheriff in Town: Royalty Financing for ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/victoria-silchenko/theres-a-newold-sheriff...


There's a New-Old Sheriff in Town: Royalty Financing for Young Ventures. By Victoria Silchenko. Main Players in the Royalty Financing Field. ... P-l-e-a-s ...


Cloudera Raises $160M From T. Rowe Price, Google Ventures ...

https://techcrunch.com/2014/03/18/cloudera-raises-160m-from-t-rowe...


Cloudera Raises $160M From T. Rowe Price, Google Ventures And ... and including an investment by Google Ventures and an affiliate of MSD Capital, L.P., ...


12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








