




Community Health Systems (CHS)


















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 









 





Physician Opportunities
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations 
Press Room & Media Releases


Community Health Systems, Inc. is one of the nation’s leading operators of general acute care hospitals. The organization’s affiliates own, operate or lease 137 hospitals in 21 states with approximately 24,000 licensed beds. Affiliated hospitals are dedicated to providing quality healthcare for local residents and contribute to the economic development of their communities. Based on the unique needs of each community served, these hospitals offer a wide range of diagnostic, medical and surgical services in inpatient and outpatient settings.
Quality is Key We congratulate the medical staffs and employees of 118 affiliated hospitals recently named Top Performers in Key Quality Measures by The Joint Commission. Learn More »  Our Locations From Alaska to Florida, and Pennsylvania to Arizona, our affiliated hospitals are cornerstones of their communities. These local hospitals and healthcare systems provide close-to-home care and peace of mind for millions of people, and they play a vital role in community and economic development. View the Map »




        
﻿
		












Job Opportunities | Community Health Systems (CHS)

















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 















 


                    Job Opportunities                  


Hospital Opportunities
Located in the north and south, east and west, and many points in-between, CHS affiliated hospitals offer a wide range of clinical and non-clinical job opportunities and the chance to work in skilled and supportive teams. Hospital openings are sorted by state and facility. Access the Directory.
Healthcare Administration
With affiliated hospitals in 29 states, there are plenty of opportunities for experienced hospital leaders who can contribute to the success of our organization and who want to grow along with us. Explore Opportunities.
Corporate Support
Located just south of Nashville, Tennessee, CHSPSC, LLC and other affiliates provide management and support services for our affiliated hospitals and clinics. Explore Opportunities.
Home Care
Home Care is one of the fastest growing health services U.S. with a need for compassionate, skilled caregivers.  We have many opportunities for those who prefer to work one-on-one with patients who need and welcome their support. Explore Opportunities. 
 



Careers
Career Information
Professional Development
Application Process
Physician and Advanced Practitioner Opportunities

Physician Recruitment Team
Advanced Practitioner Recruiters
Practice Link Listings


Job Opportunities

Hospital Job Opportunites
Hospital Administration Opportunities
Corporate Office Opportunities
Home Care Opportunities














﻿
		












Locations | Community Health Systems (CHS)


















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 





























﻿
		












Careers | Community Health Systems (CHS)

















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 

















                    Careers                  

A commitment to caring can be found in the hearts and minds of the physicians, nurses and thousands of other employees who support patient care at CHS-affiliated hospitals and clinics. Our organization is built on great people. In turn, we provide these skilled and dedicated caregivers with career opportunities, professional development and a work environment that creates superior job satisfaction. Opportunities stretch across 22 states – in all kinds of communities and climates.


Physician Opportunities
If you are looking for a place where you can practice high-quality healthcare and enjoy a quality lifestyle, you’ll find hundreds of opportunities at CHS-affiliated hospitals and clinics. Learn more about how we match physicians to communities that need – and that will support – their practice development.



Career Opportunities
We have opportunities for nurses, technicians and other highly skilled medical professionals, administrators and support staff. Our people are the foundation on which we build our commitment to quality and caring. Learn more about working in our organization.


Equal Employment Opportunity
This organization does not discriminate in any way to deprive any person of employment opportunities or otherwise adversely affect the status of any employee because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran status, or military or uniformed services, in accordance with all applicable governmental laws and regulations. In addition, the facility complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to: hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.



Careers
Career Information
Professional Development
Application Process
Physician and Advanced Practitioner Opportunities

Physician Recruitment Team
Advanced Practitioner Recruiters
Practice Link Listings


Job Opportunities

Hospital Job Opportunites
Hospital Administration Opportunities
Corporate Office Opportunities
Home Care Opportunities














﻿
		












Contact Us | Community Health Systems (CHS)


















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 

















                    Contact Us                  

Our Mailing Address:
CHSPSC, LLC
4000 Meridian Boulevard
Franklin, Tennessee, 37067
Our Main Number:
615-465-7000
Investor Relations and Inquiries:
Investor-related comments and questions should be directed to: Investor_Communications@chs.net.
Be sure to visit the Investor Relations area more information.
Compliance
Any type of compliance concerns can be reported anonymously through our Confidential Disclosure Program Hotline at 800-495-9510 or in writing:
Corporate Compliance and Privacy Officer
Community Health Systems, Inc.
4000 Meridian Blvd.
Franklin, TN  37067
Board of Directors
Persons who wish to communicate directly with non-employee directors, and/or members of the  Board of Directors Audit and Compliance Committee, should direct correspondence to:
c/o Community Health Systems, Inc.
4000 Meridian Blvd.
Franklin, TN 37067
Attention: Rachel A. Seifert
Corporate Secretary
615-465-7000
Investor_Communications@chs.net
Other Corporate Communications:
Corporate_Communications@chs.net
Please note that if you have any questions or concerns about a bill for health services, or any other service, please contact your local healthcare provider. For a directory of hospitals affiliated with CHSPSC, LLC, please click here.
 
 
 
 
 
 



Company Overview
History
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Code of Conduct
Sustainability












﻿
		












Company Overview | Community Health Systems (CHS)


















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 

















                    Company Overview                  

For more than 30 years, our organization has been keeping healthcare close to home in cities and towns across the nation. Our affiliated hospitals deliver a wide range of health services and function as vitally important members of their local communities.
As one of the largest hospital organizations in the nation, our size provides an advantageous economy of scale and critical resources to help local hospitals identify and act on opportunities. As a result, these hospitals have made significant investments in healthcare services, physician recruitment, facility improvements, modern medical technology and, most importantly, an ever-strengthening commitment to clinical excellence.
A Record of Growth 
Today, our organization includes 137 affiliated hospitals in 21 states. Across these hospitals, about 123,000 employees and approximately 20,000 physicians on their medical staffs share a fundamental commitment to quality, compassionate care.
Acquisitions also have fueled our growth. Dozens of individual community hospitals and small healthcare systems have joined our organization over the past decade. The successful integration of these facilities, along with the large scale acquisitions of Triad Hospitals, Inc. in 2007 and Health Management Associates, Inc. in 2014, made us the largest publicly traded hospital company in the nation as measured by number of hospital facilities.
On April 29, 2016, the organization formed a new, independent, publicly traded hospital company by spinning off a group of 38 hospitals and Quorum Health Resources, LLC, a leading hospital management and consulting firm. That new company is Quorum Health Corporation, which is also headquartered in Middle Tennessee.
Community Health Systems, Inc. is headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee, and our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CYH.
 



Company Overview
History
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Code of Conduct
Sustainability












﻿
		












Leadership | Community Health Systems (CHS)

















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 

















                    Leadership                  

Quality starts at the top. The committed and experienced leadership team at Community Health Systems sets the standard for company excellence and strives to inspire success at every level. With a track record of operational excellence, financial performance and the proven ability to apply astute business strategies across the organization, our management team shares a vision for how community hospitals can thrive when they are supported by the resources of a larger organization.
Executive Leadership

Wayne T. Smith
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Wayne Smith serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Community Health Systems, Inc. He is one of the most tenured executives in the hospital industry and has led the Company’s growth from a small rural hospital organization to become the largest operator of hospitals in the nation, as measured by number of facilities. Smith has been named one of the 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare by Modern Healthcare magazine for the past 15 years and a Top CEO for the healthcare facilities sector by Institutional Investor several times in the past decade.
Read Bio

Tim Hingtgen
President and Chief Operating Officer
Lynn T. Simon, M.D.
President of Clinical Operations and Chief Medical Officer
Thomas J. Aaron
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Ben Fordham
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
Martin G. Schweinhart
Executive Vice President, Administration
Division Presidents
Martin J. Bonick
President, Division I Operations
Michael T. Portacci
President, Division II Operations
Paul Smith
President, Division III Operations
John McClellan
President, Division IV Operations
Corporate Officers
Andrea E. (Andi) Bosshart
Senior Vice President, Corporate Compliance and Privacy Officer
Tomi Galin
Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications, Marketing and Public Affairs
Kevin Hammons
Senior Vice President, Assistant Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Michael M. Lynd
Senior Vice President, Financial Services
Tim G. Marlette
Senior Vice President and Chief Purchasing Officer
Justin D. Pitt
Senior Vice President and Chief Litigation Counsel
Pamela T. Rudisill
Senior Vice President, Chief Nursing Officer
Ronald J. Shafer
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Manish Shah
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Richard T. Willis
Senior Vice President of Managed Care
Edward W. Lomicka
Vice President and Treasurer



Company Overview
History
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Code of Conduct
Sustainability












﻿
		












Locations | Community Health Systems (CHS)


















































Contact Us 

Search for:



 





























﻿
		












Find Jobs in Healthcare Nationwide | Community Health Systems (CHS)








 
Back to CHS





Search Jobs





Home
Locations
Search


                        PhysicianOpportunities
                    



AboutEmployment

Career Information
Professional Development
Application Process







Medical and Healthcare Jobs


                Find CorporateJobs
            Find HospitalAdministration Jobs
                Find HospitalJobs
            
               Find HomeHealth Jobs
            Healthcare Job Positions Across the US
				A commitment to caring can be found in the hearts and minds of the physicians, nurses and thousands of other employees who support patient care at Community Health Systems-affiliated hospitals and clinics. Our organization is built on great people. In turn, we provide good career opportunities, professional development and work environments that create superior job satisfaction. Opportunities stretch across 198 hospitals and hundreds of clinics in 29 states from Alaska to Florida and California to New Jersey. We also have professional openings available at our headquarters office, located in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee.
			
            Ready to start your search?
            Start Searching For JobsEqual Employment Opportunity
    This organization does not discriminate in any way to deprive any person of employment opportunities or otherwise adversely affect the status of any employee because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship, veteran status, or military or uniformed services, in accordance with all applicable governmental laws and regulations. In addition, the facility complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to: hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. If you are an applicant with a mental or physical disability who needs a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, contact the director of Human Resources at the facility to which you are seeking employment; Simply go to http://www.chs.net/serving-communities/locations/ to obtain the main telephone number of the facility and ask for Human Resources.
 



                © Copyright 2017, Community Health Systems Professional Services Corporation.
            

                CHS and Community Health Systems are tradenames/trademarks of Community Health Systems Professional Services Corporation, which provides management services to affiliates of Community Health Systems, Inc. The terms "Community Health Systems," "CHS," the "Company," or the "organization" refer to Community Health Systems, Inc. and its affiliates including Community Health Systems Professional Services Corporation, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context. The term "facilities" refers to entities owned or operated by subsidiaries or affiliates of Community Health Systems, Inc. References herein to "employees" or to "our employees" or  "we" refers to employees of affiliates of CHS Inc.
            
Site Management: www.stagepost.com






Community Health Systems, Inc. (CHS) - Customer Success | NetIQ



































NetIQ | Micro Focus





Search






Let's Talk 







Customer Success






Community Health Systems, Inc. (CHS)
NetIQ Identity Manager supports drive for innovation and efficient healthcare delivery.



Download PDF















“Identity Manager offered the best workflow engine and the most robust identity management capabilities. More importantly for us, it gave us the most flexible and intuitive integration with our suite of clinical applications.”SCOTT BREECEChief Information Security Officer, CHS
About Community Health Systems, Inc. (CHS)Community Health Systems, Inc. (CHS) is one of the USA’s leading operators of general acute care hospitals. The organization operates 158 hospitals in 22 states with approximately 27,000 licensed beds.ChallengeIn the last 10 years, CHS has undergone massive acquisitive growth, adding over 150 new hospitals to its family. Having multiple applications across this many hospitals created an identity and access management challenge for the CHS IT team. For example, one of their acquired hospitals had their healthcare professionals accessing 13 different applications with 13 different logon credentials. Managing this for 2,700 users was very time-consuming, not to mention the time doctors were losing by having to log on to different applications up to 20 times a day, every time they saw a new patient.
Scott Breece, Chief Information Security Officer at CHS, was dedicated to tackling this problem: “You can imagine password problems were rife and we were dealing with over 2,000 issues every week. Our absolute priority is our doctor’s satisfaction and supporting them in providing excellent patient care. They need to move from application to application to deliver this and so we had to find a way for them to tap in and out of systems using a single sign-on mechanism.”
When CHS acquired 77 additional hospitals, the on boarding issues were starkly clear. Identities would need to be manually linked to a single authoritative source, for instance a payroll or HR system, and this could take up to 48 hours depending on how many tickets were managed. A structured solution was needed.Our SolutionBreece and his team analyzed which applications doctors use so that these can be included in a start-up screen with a single sign-on facility. Interviews with business stakeholders followed and a full scoping document with a strategic identity and access management roadmap was produced. CHS manages over 280,000 users and needed to provide integration between 40-50 applications, so the team needed implementation support.
GCA, a Platinum NetIQ partner, specializes in enabling and securing access to business data by managing digital identities and deployed the NetIQ solution for CHS. Jim Quasius, President & CEO at GCA, comments: “Our team reviewed CHS’ existing workflows for access approvals, to identify gaps and ensure automated provisioning could be enabled. We developed a four-phased project blueprint that included automated user provisioning and password self-service functionality, to meet the most pressing requirements. We recommended NetIQ Identity Manager because of its scalability and performance in a high pressure environment.”
Breece comments on the NetIQ choice: “Identity Manager offered the best workflow engine and the most robust identity management capabilities. More importantly for us, it gave us the most flexible and intuitive integration with our suite of clinical applications.”
Once the decision was made, Identity Manager was soon implemented. Automated workflows were introduced to give users the flexibility to move between departments. For example, a nurse normally working on the third floor of a hospital would only have access rights there. If she’s required to do a shift in the Emergency Department, temporary access rights can now be given without it affecting her normal access, all through a self-service model with built-in authorization levels.
Healthcare professionals performing dual roles are catered for too within the automated user provisioning system through role-based exception workflows. Managing these scenarios manually would regularly take 48-72 hours whereas now they are completed within minutes.ResultsDoctors love the system, according to Breece: “Once our doctors saw what they could do with Identity Manager, we couldn’t get it rolled out fast enough. The word spread quickly and the productivity gain of logging in once a day and then being able to tap in and out with single sign-on throughout any of our hospitals is just enormous. Our doctor satisfaction is at an all-time high and they are just astounded that we could deliver a highly available and scalable solution to help with patient care.”
He concludes: “Through the single sign-on system and the self-service in place, we have halved the number of helpdesk tickets, freeing up our IT staff to support our increasing technology requirements as we grow. User on boarding has been completely transformed and the time to provision a new user has gone from weeks to just ten minutes. NetIQ and GCA helped us support the critical drive for innovation in healthcare and have set us up for an exciting future.”
















Media:


View Video ›

Industry:

Healthcare/Medical

Location:

United StatesNorth America

Products:


Identity Manager


Results:

Drastically reduced user provisioning time through automated workflows
Halved number of helpdesk tickets through self-service capabilities
Highly productive and satisfied healthcare professionals
Scalable and high performance identity management solution



Let's Talk


Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook



Welcome,
		Want to talk to someone? Call our Sales team or request a call and we'll get right back to you.
	

Sales: (888) 323-6768


For support information, please visit Technical Support.

Request a Call


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








Contacts:

Amy Sachrison
Director
Press & Analyst Relations


	Phone: (713) 418-5368
	Email: amy.sachrison@netiq.com 
















Community Health Systems, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Community Health Systems, Inc.


Community Health Systems, Inc.

4000 Meridian Boulevard 
Franklin TN 37067 United States
Phone: +1 615-___-____
Fax: +1 615-___-____
http://www.chs.net





359
Managers




300
IT employees




$630.4MEST.
IT Budget




Community Health Systems, Inc. (CHS) is a provider of general hospital healthcare services in the United States. Its services include orthopedics, cardiology, occupational medicine, diagnostic services, emergency services, rehabilitation treatment, home health services, and skilled nursing services. The company operates… MoreCommunity Health Systems, Inc. (CHS) is a provider of general hospital healthcare services in the United States. Its services include orthopedics, cardiology, occupational medicine, diagnostic services, emergency services, rehabilitation treatment, home health services, and skilled nursing services. The company operates approximately 160 hospitals in the country, with approximately 27,000 beds.  It also owns imaging centers, home health agencies, and ambulatory surgery centers.

CHS completed its acquisition of Health Management Associates in early 2014.  In April 2016, the CHS spun off Quorum Health Corporation, combining Quorum Health Resources LLC and 38 hospitals formerly owned by CHS.

CHS is selling Rockwood Health System to MultiCare.  The deal is slated to close in early 2017.  CHS Sold Yakima Regional Medical Center, and Toppenish Community Hospital to Sunnyside Community Hospital in 2017. CHS is in the process of selling 8 hospitals to Steward Health are, the deal is expected to close in late 2017.
• Maintains a $100,000 application development contract.
• Maintains a $100,000-$250,000 application hosting contract.
• Maintains a $100,000 application testing contract.
• Maintains a $1M-$5M data center operations contract.
• Maintains a $1M-$5M disaster recovery contract.
• Maintains a $100,000-$250,000 enterprise applications support contract.
• Maintains… More• Maintains a $100,000 application development contract.
• Maintains a $100,000-$250,000 application hosting contract.
• Maintains a $100,000 application testing contract.
• Maintains a $1M-$5M data center operations contract.
• Maintains a $1M-$5M disaster recovery contract.
• Maintains a $100,000-$250,000 enterprise applications support contract.
• Maintains a $1M-$5M hardware support maintenance contract.
• Maintains a $1M-$5M help desk management contract.
• Maintains a $5-$10M infrastructure management contract.
• Maintains a $100,000 legacy application support contract.
• Maintains a $100,000 mobile application development contract.
• Maintains a $100,000-$250,000 telecom expense management contract.
• Maintains a $100,000 web development contract with Oxycyon.

IT Vendors
• Community Health Systems is in the process of implementing Athena Clinical EHR.
• Community Health Systems outsources transcription and clinical documentation services to Spheris.

IT Intelligence Snippets
2016:
• Community Health Systems is focusing on McKesson solutions, including McKesson Horizon patient folders.
• Network monitoring is a pain point.
• Medical record backup efficiency is a pain point.
• Improving clinical documentation solutions using M*Modal is a priority.
• The company is currently deploying Windows 10.
• IP Telephony is currently a focus.


• Community Health Systems has reached full virtualization of its server environment using VMWare technologies.
• In 2012, Community Health Systems, Inc. called off its planned implementation of AllScripts Electronic Health Records System. Instead, IT and medical executives decided to install the Athena Clinical EHR platform from athenahealth, due in part to the Meaningful use Considerations.





Sector (Industry)
Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals (Hospitals and Healthcare Providers)


Employees
137000


Revenue
$21.3B


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-26
Staffing
Topic: Infrastructure, Staffing
Company: Community Health Systems, Inc., Franklin, TN
Opportunity: Seeking a Clinical Systems Analyst/Coordinator - Information (SC, Lancaster, 29720).




2017-07-24
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Community Health Systems, Inc., Franklin, TN
Opportunity: Seeking a Coordinator Risk Management (KS, Wichita, 67251).




2017-07-18
Staffing
Topic: HR, Staffing
Company: Community Health Systems, Inc., Franklin, TN
Opportunity: Seeking a Registrar The Womens Center (SC, Florence, 29503).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
Apache HBaseClouderaHadoopHadoop HDFSHadoop MapReduceMahoutMapRMongoDBNoSQL DatabaseOozie

Business Intelligence
ActuateCognos EnterpriseIBM CognosIBM Cognos BIIBM Cognos InsightInformaticaLawson Business IntelligenceMcKesson HorizonMicrosoft SSASMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)

Data Modeling/Mining
Hyperion EssbaseMicrosoft SSISSASTalend
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Citrix NetScalerJuniper Networks Contrailnode.jsOpenStackOpscode ChefSymantec Veritas

Desktop Virtualization
Citrix ReceiverCitrix XenAppCitrix XenClientCitrix XenDesktopDameWareLogMeInVMware Horizon (Formerly known as VMware View)Workstation

Email Hosting
CHS Community Health Systems (mail server)
Data Storage

Cloud Storage

Data Backup
Acronis SoftwareEMC AvamarEMC NetworkerFalconStor IPStorFalconStor VTLOracle RMANSymantec Backup ExecSymantec Enterprise VaultSymantec Norton Ghost

Disaster Recovery
EMC RecoverPointEMC SRDFOracle Data GuardVision Solutions MIMIX
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Avaya Call Management SystemCMSMicrosoft Dynamics CRMOracle Eloqua Marketing CloudSalesForceZendesk

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Infor LawsonMicrosoft DynamicsMicrosoft Dynamics GP (Great Plains)Oracle JD EdwardsOracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOneSage ERPSAP Business OneSAP ECCSAP ERP

Enterprise Systems Support
DaptiviViewKanban
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software

Clinical
Care360eClinicalWorksEpic ClinicalEpic OpTimeMicroMDSentri7

eDiscovery/Case Management
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Online Advertising

Search Engine Optimization

Search Marketing
Media6Degrees
Analytics

Business Intelligence
ActuateCognos EnterpriseIBM HardwareMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)PythonSAP Crystal ReportsTableau

Customer Intelligence

Market Analytics
Ariba
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
IBM WebSpherePhilips XceleraTrello

Mobile Design
Telerik

User Experience
eCommerce

Mobile Commerce

Online Retailing
VMWareWordPress

Social Commerce
Peak 10 Data Center Solutions (Hosting)Verizon Communications (Hosting)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Forecasting and Planning

Marketing Portfolio Management
Selectica

Marketing Strategy
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




David Self
Manager, IT Programming
___@chs.net
+1 615-___-____






Mohammad Hasan
Programmer Analyst
___@chs.net
+1 615-___-____







Chuck Battin
Application Analyst
___@chs.net
+1 615-___-____







Matthew Cronan
Software Analyst
___@chs.net
+1 615-___-____









Cathy Nolan
Director, Forms Management - Health Informatics and Information Management
___@chs.net
+1 615-___-____







Beau Hollins
Director, Physician Practice EMR MU Compliance
___@chs.net
+1 615-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing





CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 10:50 AM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. owns, leases, and operates general acute care hospitals in non-urban and urban markets in the United States. The company provides a range of general and specialized hospital healthcare services and other outpatient services to patients. Its services include general acute care, emergency room, general and specialty surgery, critical care, internal medicine, obstetrics, diagnostic, psychiatric, and rehabilitation services. The company also provides additional outpatient services at urgent care centers, occupational medicine clinics, imaging centers, cancer centers, ambulatory surgery centers, and home health and hospice agencies. The company is headquartered ...
CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. owns, leases, and operates general acute care hospitals in non-urban and urban markets in the United States. The company provides a range of general and specialized hospital healthcare services and other outpatient services to patients. Its services include general acute care, emergency room, general and specialty surgery, critical care, internal medicine, obstetrics, diagnostic, psychiatric, and rehabilitation services. The company also provides additional outpatient services at urgent care centers, occupational medicine clinics, imaging centers, cancer centers, ambulatory surgery centers, and home health and hospice agencies. The company is headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee. CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. is a subsidiary of Community Health Systems, Inc.
Detailed Description


4000 Meridian BoulevardFranklin, TN 37067United States



Phone: 615-465-7000

www.chs.net







Key Executives for CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.




Mr. Wayne T. Smith


      	Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 71
        







Mr. Tim L. Hingtgen


      	President, COO & Director
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Thomas J. Aaron


      	Executive VP & CFO
      








Mr. Michael T. Portacci


      	President of Division II Operations
      


Age: 58
        







Dr. Lynn T. Simon M.D., MBA


      	President of Clinical Operations & Chief Medical Officer
      


Age: 57
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. Key Developments

CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Tack-On Offering of $900,000,000 of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes Due 2023
May 9 17
Community Health Systems, Inc. announced that its wholly owned subsidiary CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. has priced a tack-on offering of $900,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 at an issue price of 101.75% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued interest from March 16, 2017. The size of the offering was increased by $200,000,000 aggregate principal amount subsequent to the initial announcement of the offering. The sale of the Additional Notes is expected to be consummated on or about May 12, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The offering is being made by means of an underwritten public offering pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to prepay and extinguish the company's Term A Facility, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of secured debt.


CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 02, 2017
May 2 17
CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 02, 2017


CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Completion of Tender Offer for 5.125% Senior Secured Notes Due 2018
Mar 30 17
Community Health Systems, Inc. announced the completion of the previously announced cash tender offer by its subsidiary, CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., for any and all of the Issuer’s outstanding 5.125% Senior Secured Notes due 2018 (the “2018 Notes”). The tender offer expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on March 29, 2017. As previously announced, as of the early tender deadline of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 15, 2017 (the “Early Tender Deadline”), $469,480,000 in aggregate principal amount, or approximately 67.07%, of the outstanding 2018 Notes had been validly tendered and not withdrawn. All 2018 Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by the Early Tender Deadline were accepted for purchase by the Issuer. Payment for the 2018 Notes accepted for purchase on the Early Tender Deadline was made on March 16, 2017. No holders tendered 2018 Notes after the Early Tender Deadline.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., please visit www.chs.net.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Find Medical Jobs | Community Health Systems (CHS)







 
Back to CHS

Home
Locations
Search


                        PhysicianOpportunities
                    



AboutEmployment

Career Information
Professional Development
Application Process







Find Medical Jobs

Home
Find Medical Jobs


LocationAll (7199)Alabama (312)Alaska (51)Arizona (150)Arkansas (271)Florida (1339)Georgia (41)Indiana (880)Louisiana (61)Mississippi (210)Missouri (134)New Jersey (9)New Mexico (216)North Carolina (95)Oklahoma (260)Pennsylvania (923)South Carolina (380)Tennessee (952)Texas (457)United States (66)Virginia (144)Washington (184)West Virginia (64)What are you looking for? 




Alabama (312)
Alaska (51)
Arizona (150)
Arkansas (271)
Florida (1339)
Georgia (41)
Indiana (880)
Louisiana (61)
Mississippi (210)
Missouri (134)
New Jersey (9)
New Mexico (216)
North Carolina (95)
Oklahoma (260)
Pennsylvania (923)
South Carolina (380)
Tennessee (952)
Texas (457)
United States (66)
Virginia (144)
Washington (184)
West Virginia (64)




7199 postings found.
12345next 



Title
Location
Department


$10,000 Recruitment & Retention Bonus- Registered Nurse- 6th Floor Orthopedics- Full-time- 7p-7a
Alabama, Gadsden Med/Surg (unit/floor 6)


$10,000 Recruitment & Retention Bonus- Registered Nurse- 9th Floor Medical-Surgical- Full-time- 7p-7a
Alabama, Gadsden MED/SURG (UNIT/FLOOR 11)


$10K Sign-On Bonus - Registered Nurse - Operating Room - Full Time with Call Rotation Required
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Operating Room


$10K Sign-On Bonus - Registered Nurse - Operating Room - Full Time with Call Rotation Required
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Operating Room


$3,000 Recruitment & Retention Bonus- Rad Tech II CT- Imaging Services- Afternoon Shift- 7 on/7 off
Alabama, Gadsden CT Scanner


$3,000 Recruitment & Retention Bonus-Rad Tech I- Full Time- Day Shift
Alabama, Gadsden Radiology - Diagnostic


$5,000 Sign On Bonus RN Post-op Med/Surg Unit Full Time Night Shift
Arkansas, Springdale (Bentonville Region) MED/SURG(UNIT/FLOOR 10)


$5,000 Sign On Bonus RN, FT Days, Med/SurgTelemetry Unit
Arkansas, Springdale (Bentonville Region) Med/Surg/Tele Unit


$5,000 Sign On Bonus RN, FT Night, Med/Surg Post-Op Unit
Arkansas, Springdale (Bentonville Region) MED/SURG(UNIT/FLOOR 10)


$5,000 Sign On Bonus Registered Nurse  Intensive Care Unit 7a-7p
Arkansas, Springdale (Bentonville Region) Intensive Care Unit


$5,000 Sign On Bonus-Registered Nurse Intensive Care Unit Full Time Nights
Arkansas, Springdale (Bentonville Region) Intensive Care Unit


$5,000 Sign-On-Registered Nurse-ICU, Full Time
Arkansas, Springdale (Bentonville Region) Intensive Care Unit


$5000 Sign-On Bonus- RN-Labor and Delivery, PT Nights
Arkansas, Bentonville Labor and Delivery


$5000 Sign-On Bonus-Director-Labor and Delivery
Arkansas, Bentonville Nursing Administration


$64.00/hr 13 week PRN Cardiac Intermediate Care Contract
Oklahoma, Oklahoma City Med/Surg/Tele Unit


$64.00/hr 13 week PRN Cardiac Intermediate Care Contract
Oklahoma, Oklahoma City Med/Surg/Tele Unit


(2112-017) RN - PACU - PRN
Arizona, Oro Valley (Tucson region) Recovery Room


(RN) STS / Surgical Quality Coordinator - Performance Improvement - 1.0 FT D
Pennsylvania, Wilkes Barre Quality Assurance


** NEW ORTHO UNIT ** Registered Nurse - Full Time Night Shift ** NO WEEKENDS **
Texas, Austin Med/Surg (unit/floor 4)


**$15,000 SIGN-ON BONUS**-Registered Nurse - CVOR (Open Heart)- Full Time
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Open Heart Surgery


**$15,000 SIGN-ON BONUS**-Registered Nurse - CVOR (Open Heart)- Full Time
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Open Heart Surgery


**$15,000 SIGN-ON BONUS**-Registered Nurse - CVOR (Open Heart)- Full Time
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Open Heart Surgery


**$15,000 Sign On Bonus** Registered Nurse - CVOR (Open Heart) - Full Time
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Open Heart Surgery


**$15,000 Sign on Bonus** Registered Nurse - CVOR (Open Heart) - Full Time
Virginia, Petersburg  (Richmond region) Open Heart Surgery


*Behavioral Health Tech, FT
Alabama, Huntsville Adult Mental Health






 


                © Copyright 2017, Community Health Systems Professional Services Corporation.
            

                CHS and Community Health Systems are tradenames/trademarks of Community Health Systems Professional Services Corporation, which provides management services to affiliates of Community Health Systems, Inc. The terms "Community Health Systems," "CHS," the "Company," or the "organization" refer to Community Health Systems, Inc. and its affiliates including Community Health Systems Professional Services Corporation, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context. The term "facilities" refers to entities owned or operated by subsidiaries or affiliates of Community Health Systems, Inc. References herein to "employees" or to "our employees" or  "we" refers to employees of affiliates of CHS Inc.
            
Site Management: www.stagepost.com





Community Health Systems - Wikipedia





















 






Community Health Systems

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Community Health Systems





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: CYH
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Health care


Founded
1985


Founders
Richard Ragsdale
David Steffy


Headquarters
Franklin, Tennessee, United States



Key people

Wayne T. Smith (CEO)
Thomas J. Aaron (CFO)


Revenue
$18.438 billion (2016)



Operating income

$(860 million) (2016)



Net income

$(1.71 billion) (2016)


Total assets
$(21.9 billion) (2016)


Total equity
$(1.615 billion) (2016)



Number of employees

 120,000


Website
http://www.chs.net/


Community Health Systems Inc. is a Fortune 500 company based in Franklin, Tennessee. It is the largest provider of general hospital healthcare services in the United States in terms of number of acute care facilities.[1][2] As of December 31, 2016, it owns, leases or operates 158 hospitals in 22 states.[3]
In August 2015, the company announced plans to spin off 38 hospitals and its management and consulting subsidiary, Quorum Health Resources, into a new publicly traded company called Quorum Health Corporation.[4] The company completed the spinoff of Quorum Health Corporation on April 29, 2016. Quorum owns or leases hospitals across 16 states, primarily in cities or counties with populations of 50,000 or less. It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol: QHC.[5]
On October 3rd, 2016, CHS was removed from the S&P Midcap 400 and added to the S&P Smallcap 600. Under CEO Wayne T. Smith, the Company's stock has lost over 76% of its value since the year 2000.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years (1985-2010)
1.2 Recent developments (2011-present)


2 See also
3 References
4 Further reading
5 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early years (1985-2010)[edit]
E. Thomas Chaney, former executive of Hospital Affiliates, Inc. and David Steffy and Richard Ragsdale, former executives at Hospital Corporation of America spinoff Republic Health Corporation, formed Community Health Systems in 1985.[6]
The company made its initial public offering in 1991. In 1996, the company was purchased by private equity firm Forstmann Little & Company.[7] Community Health Systems went public again in 2000.[8] In August 2003, the company acquires Southside Regional Medical Center.[9] On October 10, 2015, the 372-bed Grandview Medical Center began operating in Birmingham, Alabama, replacing Trinity Medical Center.[10]
In 2000, Community Health Systems paid $31 million to the United States Department of Justice to settle a review of its billing practices.[11]
In 2007, Community Health Systems purchased Plano, Texas-based Triad Hospitals for $6.8 billion, adding nearly 50 hospitals, hospital management and consulting business Quorum Health Resources, and nearly doubling the size of the company. Among the facilities included in the deal was McKenzie-Willamette Hospital in Springfield, Oregon; Trinity Medical Center in Birmingham, Alabama; and the seven hospitals of Lutheran Health Network in the Ft. Wayne, Indiana region.[12][13][14] In 2010, McKenzie-Willamette's healthcare workers' union, SEIU, Local 49, claimed that workload increases, slashed benefits, and staff reductions had lowered the quality of both patient care and quality of life for employees.[15] The union, in its "Profits Before Community" campaign against the hospital, continues to highlight that profits have tripled while charitable care and employee benefits have steadily decreased since the hospital moved from a non-profit to a for-profit enterprise under CHS.[16]
Recent developments (2011-present)[edit]
In 2011, it was accused by Tenet Healthcare of overbilling Medicare in its aggressive admissions policy compared to its peers. It was subpoenaed by Medicare on its aggressive billing to the Medicare systems.[17]
In 2013, Community Health Systems entered into an agreement with Health Management Associates to purchase HMA for about $3.6 billion in cash and stock.[18] The merger was completed in January 2014 and made Community Health Systems the largest for-profit hospital operator at the time,[19] with 206 hospitals in 29 states.[20]
On August 4th, 2014, Community Health Systems paid $95.14 million dollars to the United States Department of Justice to resolve multiple lawsuits "alleging that the company knowingly billed government health care programs for inpatient services that should have been billed as outpatient or observation services."[21] As part of the agreement, Community Health Systems was required to enter into a corporate integrity agreement that required the Company to participate in compliance efforts.
It was reported on August 18, 2014 that hackers broke into Community Health System's records system and stole data on 4.5 million patients. These data included names, Social Security numbers, physical addresses, birthdays and telephone numbers. CHS provided all patients whose records were impacted with free identity theft protection.[22]
On February 2nd, 2015, Community Health Systems was required to pay $75 million to settle allegations "that they made illegal donations to county governments to reap more federal dollars under a now-discontinued matching program."[23] The allegations were brought about by a former CHS employee in a complaint under the False Claims Act.[24]
In October 2015, Community Health Systems paid $13 million to the United States Department of Justice to resolve allegations related to the False Claims Act.[25]
On December 6th, 2016 a former CFO of a CHS hospital was awarded $1.9 million in a whistleblower lawsuit he filed after he was terminated for refusing to submit false financial documents.[26]
After CHS agreed in 2015 to sell Memorial Hospital of Salem County in New Jersey to Prime Healthcare Foundation,[27] the sale was approved by New Jersey in early February 2017.[28][29]
In January 2017, a settlement between investors and CHS executives for $60 million was reached. The settlement resolved allegations of "breach of fiduciary duty" by CHS executives.[30]
In March 2017, Quorum's board retained outside counsel in relation to whether Community Health Systems had committed fraud with regards to financial projections for Quorum, and whether any of its current management was may have been involved in any possible fraud. In June 2017 Quorum said although the investigation did not produce "conclusive evidence" of fraud the projections appeared to be incompetent at best.[31]
In April-July 2017, Community Health Systems rejected overtures from key Lutheran Health Network doctors to facilitate sale of its profitable network in CHS to a third party, after assertions of continual lack of re-investment into the network's facilities and staff by CHS management. After those discussions/accusations became public, several key leaders of the affiliated hospitals, Lutheran and Dupont, and the network were fired or resigned. Key prominent local community leaders Chuck Surack and Tom Kelley resigned from the Lutheran Health Network's and hospitals' advisory boards.[32][33][34]
See also[edit]


Tennessee portal
Health portal



List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 600 companies

References[edit]


^ "Community Health Systems to spin out new company - Nashville Business Journal". Nashville Business Journal. Retrieved 2015-11-09. 
^ "CHS closes Triad purchase". Nashville Business Journal. 2007-07-25. 
^ [1]
^ Weaver, Christopher; Jaramillo, Cassandra. "Community Health Spinoff to Focus on Smaller Markets". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-11-09. 
^ [2]
^ "BUSINESS PEOPLE; 3 Hospital Bidders Facing Skepticism". New York Times. 1987-04-13. 
^ Freundheim, Milt (2006-06-11). "Forstmann to Acquire Community Health for $1.1 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Stock Offerings Are Set". New York Times. 2000-06-05. 
^ "Community Health Systems Acquires Southside Regional Medical Center in Petersburg, Virginia". August 4, 2003. Retrieved Jul 26, 2013. 
^ "Ten things you need to know about Trinity's move to 280". AL.com. Retrieved 2015-12-14. 
^ "Community Health Systems ends federal billing review with $31 million settlement | Nashville Post". Nashville Post. Retrieved 2016-08-17. 
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/portland/stories/2003/01/27/daily43.html?jst=s_cn_hl
^ Francis, Theo. "Community Health to Acquire Rival Triad". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-12-14. 
^ "Community Health Systems, Inc.". www.sec.gov. Retrieved 2015-12-14. 
^ http://special.registerguard.com/csp/cms/sites/web/news/sevendays/24964207-35/hospital-mckenzie-willamette-health-hagins.csp
^ http://www.seiu49.org/2013/12/11/mckenzie-willamette-profits-before-community/
^ "Community Health Faces Inquiry on Medicare Claims". New York Times. 2011-11-15. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. (30 July 2013). "Community Health Agrees to Buy H.M.A. for $3.6 Billion". New York, NY: New York Times. 
^ DuBois, Shelley (24 January 2014). "Community Health Systems' HMA purchase clears hurdle". The Tennessean. 
^ "CHS Completes HMA Acquisition". www.beckershospitalreview.com. Retrieved 2015-11-09. 
^ "Community Health Systems Inc. to Pay $98.15 Million to Resolve False Claims Act Allegations". www.justice.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-17. 
^ Pagliery, Jose. "Hospital network hacked, 4.5 million records stolen". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2015-11-09. 
^ "Community Health Systems to pay $75 million for alleged New Mexico Medicaid scheme". Retrieved 2016-08-17. 
^ LLP, Phillips & Cohen. "Whistleblower played key role in case that Community Health Systems hospitals settle for $75 million". www.prnewswire.com. Retrieved 2016-08-17. 
^ "DOJ settles with 450 hospitals for $250M over False Claims Act allegations | FierceHealthcare". www.fiercehealthcare.com. Retrieved 2016-08-17. 
^ "Whistleblower lands $1.9 million in suit against CHS - Nashville Business Journal". Nashville Business Journal. Retrieved 2016-12-06. 
^ "Tennessee firm sells South Jersey hospital": Philadelphia Business Journal on December 1, 2015, author John George
^ Brubaker, Harold. "Sale of Memorial Hospital of Salem County approved": The Philadelphia Inquirer, February 2, 2017. Accessed April 16, 2017.
^ "What's next after N.J. hospital sale gets key approval from state": NJ.com on February 2, 2017, author Bill Gallo Jr.
^ Ellison, Ayla. "CHS executives ink $60M settlement in investor suit". www.beckershospitalreview.com. Retrieved 2017-07-24. 
^ Ellison, Ayla. "Quorum closes investigation into spinoff from CHS: 6 things to know". www.beckershospitalreview.com. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ Rege, Alyssa. "Lutheran Health executive resigns, claims CHS forced physician group to disband". www.beckershospitalreview.com. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "Chuck Surack, Tom Kelley quit Lutheran Health boards to protest ownership - News-Sentinel.com". News-Sentinel.com. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 
^ "GUEST COLUMN: What really happened with Community Health Systems - News-Sentinel.com". News-Sentinel.com. Retrieved 2017-07-14. 


Further reading[edit]

Fortune 500 2007: Community Health Systems
News stories on Community Health Systems from NashvillePost.com

External links[edit]

Community Health Systems





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Community_Health_Systems&oldid=792064454"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHealth care companies based in TennesseeHospital networks in the United StatesCompanies based in Nashville, TennesseeHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


FrançaisBahasa Indonesia 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 06:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 















CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.



Ticker:CYH
Moody's Org ID:600065730
Market Segment:Corporates
Industry:HEALTHCARE: HOSPITALS - ACUTE CARE & SPECLTY
Peer Group:Business and Consumer Service
Domicile:UNITED STATES




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Peer Group



                                    Market Signals

















    Issuer Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 50
Of 
        68


 
        Page 
        
        
Of 
        2 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
Covenant Quality Assessment
Credit Focus
Credit Opinion
Financial Statement Ratios
Issuer Comment
LGD Assessment
Peer Snapshot
Rating Action
Sector Comment
Spec Grade Liquidity Assmt


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    22 May 2017
                

                    Peer Snapshot
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - March 2017 (LTM): Peer Snapshot





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 May 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Community Health's Ratings Unaffected by Notes Offering





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 May 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Community Health's Ratings Unaffected by Notes Offering





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Mar 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's Publishes Covenant Quality Assessment for CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. Bond Offering





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Mar 2017
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Covenant Quality Pre-Sale Snapshot: $1,750m _% Senior Secured Notes due 2023





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Mar 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Ba3 to CHS/Community's Notes Offering





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Mar 2017
                

                    Peer Snapshot
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - December 2016 (LTM): Peer Snapshot





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Nov 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Update to key rating factors following the change in the outlook to negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Nov 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes Community Health's outlook to negative; B2 CFR affirmed; SGL rating downgraded to SGL-3





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Nov 2016
                

                    Peer Snapshot
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Q3 2016: Peer Snapshot





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Sep 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Update to Key Rating Factors Following the Change in Community's Outlook to Developing





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Sep 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes Community's outlook to developing; B2 CFR affirmed





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Aug 2016
                

                    Peer Snapshot
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Peer Snapshot





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 May 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Update to Key Rating Factors Following the Downgrade of Community's CFR to B2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 May 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's downgrades Community Health's CFR to B2; secured debt to Ba3; unsecured notes to Caa1; outlook is stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Mar 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Community's leverage to increase modestly from Quorum spin-off; no impact on ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Mar 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Community's leverage to increase modestly from Quorum spin-off; no impact on ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Feb 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Community's accounts receivable charge is credit negative, no change to B1 CFR or negative outlook





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Feb 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Community's accounts receivable charge is credit negative, no change to B1 CFR or negative outlook





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Jan 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.: Update Following Recent Affirmation at B1 and Change in Outlook to Negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Jan 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes Community Health's rating outlook to negative; B1 CFR affirmed





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Dec 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's retires Healthcare Service Providers Industry Rating Methodology





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Oct 2015
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Amendment No. 1 and Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement (Amendment No. 1 Effective Date: 3/9/2015): Loan Covenant Quality Snapshot





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Aug 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Community Health's Spinoff of Smaller Hospitals Is Credit Positive





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Aug 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Community Health's spin-off announcement is credit positive





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Aug 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    : Community Health’s spin-off announcement is credit positive





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 May 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's rates Community's new term loans Ba2; B1 CFR unchanged; outlook is stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Mar 2015
                

                    LGD Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community LGD Assessment Report





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Mar 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's rates Community's new term loan Ba2; B1 CFR unchanged; outlook is stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Jan 2015
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    03 Nov 2014
                

                    Sector Comment
                













                                    Peer Snapshot: Healthcare: Selected Hospital Companies





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Apr 2014
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Loan Covenant Quality Snapshot - Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (1/27/2014)





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    29 Jan 2014
                

                    LGD Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jan 2014
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Pre-Sale Snapshot - $1.705bn _% Senior Secured Notes due 2021





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jan 2014
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Pre-Sale Snapshot - $2.875bn _% Senior Notes due 2022





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jan 2014
                

                    LGD Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Jan 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's confirms Community's B1 CFR; incremental sr secured debt rated Ba2; unsecured debt rated B3; outlook is stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Aug 2013
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Community Health's Acquisition of Health Management Associates Is Credit Negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Jul 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's places Community's ratings on review for downgrade





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jun 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades ratings on Community's senior secured debt to Ba2; B1 CFR affirmed; outlook is stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    03 Dec 2012
                

                    Credit Focus
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Must Maintain Strong Liquidity Amid M&A, Investigations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Sep 2012
                

                    LGD Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Aug 2012
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Pre-Sale Snapshot - $1.25bn _% Senior Secured Notes due 2018





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Aug 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's rates Community Health's sr. secured notes Ba3; CFR unchanged at B1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jul 2012
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Pre-Sale Snapshot - $1bn _% Senior Notes due 2020





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jul 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's rates Community Health's sr. unsecured notes B3; CFR unchanged at B1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Jun 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's changes Community Health's outlook to stable; B1 CFR affirmed





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Mar 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's says Community Health's sr. unsecured notes rated B3; CFR unchanged at B1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Mar 2012
                

                    Covenant Quality Assessment
                













                                    CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. - Pre-Sale Snapshot - $750m 8% Senior Notes due 2019





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Feb 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's rates Community Health's term loan A and amended revolver Ba3; CFR unchanged at B1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 50
Of 
        68


 
        Page 
        
        
Of 
        2 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































