New Relic's (NEWR) CEO Lewis Cirne on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»New Relic's (NEWR) CEO Lewis Cirne on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.13.17 | About: New Relic (NEWR) New Relic (NYSE:NEWR)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 09, 2017 05:00 PM ET
Executives
Jonathan Parker - Head of Strategic Finance, FP&A and IR
Lewis Cirne - Founder and CEO
Mark Sachleben - CFO
Analysts
Michael Turits - Raymond James 
Benjamin J. McFadden - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.
Gregory McDowell - JMP Securities 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan 
Sanjit Singh - Morgan Stanley
Robert Oliver - Robert W. Baird 
Kevin Kumar - Goldman Sachs 
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. 
Rakesh Kumar - Cowen and Company
Fatima Boolani - UBS Investment Bank
Operator
Good afternoon. My name is Kelly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the New Relic Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions].
Jon Parker, Vice President of Strategic Finance and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Jonathan Parker
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to New Relic's fourth quarter and full year fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me today are New Relic's founder and CEO, Lew Cirne; and our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Sachleben.
Today's conference call contains forward-looking statements. Any statement that refers to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events, including financial projections and future market conditions, is a forward-looking statement. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.
For more information about factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our earnings press release issued today as well as the risks described in our most recent Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, particularly in the section titled Risk Factors.
Our commentary today will include non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. But note that these measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics for our reported results can be found in our earnings release issued today. At times, we may offer incremental metrics to provide greater insight into our business or results. This additional detail may be onetime in nature and we may or may not provide an update in the future on these metrics.
I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website at ir.newrelic.com to access our earnings release issued today, a presentation that accompanies our earnings release, periodic SEC reports, a webcast replay of today's call or to learn more about New Relic.
With that, let me turn the call over to Lew.
Lewis Cirne
Thanks, Jon, and good afternoon to everyone joining today to review New Relic's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 fiscal results.
Reflecting on fiscal 2017, it was an incredible year. We continued to deliver new innovations across our platform at what we believe is an industry-leading rate. In addition, we saw major traction with our enterprise customers around the globe and are the clear leader for our cloud-based digital intelligence. Our strong performance included full-year revenue growth of 45% and a 13 percentage point improvement in our non-GAAP operating margin, both well ahead of our goals entering the year.
We exited the year with great momentum. I'm going to jump right into some of the highlights. During the fourth quarter, we closed a record number of both six and seven figure deals, including the largest in New Relic's history, an upsell to an existing customer resulting in a three year $24 million total contract value relationship.

We also achieved many other records, including our first million dollar ARR customer for New Relic Insights alone and several sizable wins for New Relic Infrastructure. These both combined to our highest ever percentage of new business coming outside of our core APM product.
Our enterprise business delivered a fantastic performance for the quarter and the year, spanning geographies as well as industry verticals. For instance, our new million dollar customers this quarter came from the U.S., UK, Canada, Israel and South Asia, reinforcing our view that New Relic is increasingly being seen globally as a strategic partner for advancing the success of key digital initiatives. Overall, we ended the year with more than 30 seven figure ARR customers, up nearly 100% from last year and more than 500 six figure ARR customers, up from over 350 a year ago.
In businesses across the globe, we are seeing the pace of new software development and transformative digital initiatives continue with ferocity, acting as a key tailwind for our growth. We see this happening as enterprises accelerate their efforts to move away from legacy on-premise infrastructure and adopt cloud-based platforms. Companies are increasingly understanding that their cloud strategy needs to include much deeper visibility into performance of these mission-critical applications, which ultimately drive their top-line results.
These dynamics continue to drive my enthusiasm for New Relic's future. We are targeting another strong growth performance in fiscal 2018, supporting our longer-term goal of $1 billion revenue run rate by the end of fiscal '22.
Like I've done in past calls, let me take a moment to review how we performed against our key annual objectives before talking about our goals for fiscal '18. First, we believe that New Relic is quickly becoming the enterprise standard for digital intelligence. Second, our goal of ubiquity in the market is continuing to be more evident. And third, we continue to put innovation at the forefront of everything we do.
As I just outlined, our enterprise momentum is very strong. In fact, we believe our enterprise business continues to grow faster than any of our direct competitors. Digital transformation is a critical strategic priority for enterprises, who in order to drive top-line growth need to deliver new digital experiences for their customers. These initiatives are being watched at the boardroom level. This means that IT teams need deep visibility into the performance of their applications and underlying infrastructure, and New Relic is dedicated to helping our customers see their digital businesses more clearly.
We see synergies between New Relic's digital intelligence platform, which was built and born in the cloud, and these enterprise initiatives as uniquely aligned. Enterprises increasingly understand that traditional monitoring solutions were never designed to monitor, measure and analyze their future digital business initiatives. As a result, we think enterprises have to invest in the next-generation cloud-based digital intelligence platform as they look to deliver new innovative solutions and improve the existing services they offer customers.
As it relates to our second goal, we believe our success throughout fiscal '17 underscores the strategic importance of our focus on ubiquity and driving adoption across multiple roles in our customers' organizations. An example of how ubiquity drives larger, more strategic deals can be seen by the record deal I spoke of earlier.
This record enterprise deal was with a diversified Fortune 100 company already using New Relic across dozens of business units and which has engaged us in 100 transactions over the past six years. Our presence here is both broad and deep, and their continued commitment would not have been possible without the support of their nearly 1,500 users, who rely on New Relic each month.

Working together, we determined that our presence and their need align in a way where we could demonstrate that there was additional value to be had by forging a more strategic partnership.
Equally important, it was a deal that made sense for both of us. This organization is embracing the cloud, with around 1,500 developers, IT ops personnel and business leaders working together using New Relic to drive the success of their digital business initiatives. In fact, this company is using our platform in 45 countries.
Even more notable, while this deal included our full platform, there is still meaningful potential for them to broaden their usage, and we expect them or one of our other enterprise customers to become our first $10 million ARR relationship in the not too distant future.
While ubiquity is clearly important for driving our enterprise strategy, it remains an imperative across the overall business as breadth of adoption can help stimulate more strategic dialogues in all segments. In fact, during the quarter, we had our first mid-market customer cross through the million dollar ARR threshold, an international company using five of our products.
Overall, during the fourth quarter, we had impressive wins in verticals like retail with BabyCenter, Buffalo Wild Wings, Room and Board and Under Armour. We also saw great wins in financial services vertical with Allianz and Barclays as well as technology with Adobe, Citrix and LinkedIn. As companies are launching digital businesses or adopting the public cloud as a core component of their digital transformation initiatives, they are more and more often turning to New Relic.
The third key focus area for us in fiscal '17 was continuing to extend our innovation advantage. I want to tip my hat to the entire product organization for a breakthrough year in what we delivered to our customers. This included releasing new products, like New Relic Infrastructure, and significant platform advancements around learning, dashboards, crash reporting and support for both single-page applications and the Go programming language.
Finally, we launched customer-friendly improvements like cloud pricing and availability in the Amazon Web Services marketplace. As we look ahead to fiscal '18, one particular area of excitement is Project Seymour. Seymour leverages unique machine learning algorithms to surface targeted and actionable information to users depending on their role and interests. We're getting great feedback in limited beta and are on track for a release later this year.
These innovations speak to the breadth and value of our digital intelligence platform and our goal of ultimately delivering over half of our business outside of APM.
Our progress against this goal is supported by our non-APM solutions contributing a record percentage of new business in the quarter, over 35% in fact. New Relic Insights once again represented around 10% of new business and was highlighted by a record deal with a Fortune 10 company, who is now spending 7 figures just on New Relic Insights alone. They are using Insights in part to monitor a highly strategic product launch, obtaining visibility into all aspects of the initiatives, from the user experience to the business results.
As part of this deal, the company is also leveraging other products across our digital intelligence platform, including mobile, browser and infrastructure.
Overall, we were encouraged by the performance of New Relic Infrastructure in its first full quarter in the market. This awesome new product was included in 4 of our top 10 deals and represented just shy of 10% of new business in the quarter. We're going to continue to invest aggressively in this offering throughout fiscal '18, both in terms of product and go-to-market. We expect New Relic Infrastructure to meaningfully add to our addressable market over the coming years as it solves a real problem for our customers, who need to monitor their dynamic infrastructure as well as their applications.

As they continue to move to the cloud, customers need to see how their applications are performing, and we feel New Relic Infrastructure delivers the premier solution.
Overall, as we look towards fiscal '18, we expect to continue to deliver on this winning strategy, and there is one new goal I want to highlight for you today.
In fiscal '18, New Relic's number one priority is to dominate the cloud. It's never been more clear to us that to succeed long-term in the digital intelligence market, one has to win in the cloud.
We think we are past the tipping point, as underscored by CIOs at large global banks recently making headlines for pushing cloud-first initiatives. In our view, competitors focused on the on-premise segment of our market, where the market used to be, will ultimately be left behind as the cloud becomes the dominant computing platform in the coming years.
While we've always enjoyed overwhelming win rates in the cloud, we want these to be even more dominant going forward. From a product perspective, we will be doubling down on developing best-of-class native integrations across our entire platform with all of the major cloud providers.
Let me be clear. Today, we monitor both on-premise and cloud-based workloads for many of our customers, and we will continue to monitor both to support our customers. But as the cloud market continues to expand, our goal for New Relic is to be the obvious choice for measuring, monitoring and analyzing every cloud-based digital application.
To support this, we will be working closer than ever with our partners and influencers, letting them play a key role in being our ambassadors. This includes the key cloud providers, consultants and ecosystem ISVs.
Last quarter, we spoke a bit about our new go-to-market motion with Amazon Web Services. During the fourth quarter, we announced a strategic alliance and new integration with Splunk to provide enterprises with a view into both application performance and infrastructure health with seamless sharing of data across Splunk and New Relic platforms.
We will continue to look for ways going forward to integrate New Relic with other key technologies beyond AWS and Splunk, including other infrastructure services like storage and database as well as key SaaS services. We believe that if we can dominate the cloud, we will be extremely well positioned for market leading growth over the long-term.
Before I wrap up, I also want to make a few brief comments around the recently announced management changes. As we announced last month, Hilarie Koplow-McAdams will be retiring in June, and I've wanted to truly thank her for her role in transforming our go-to-market organization over the past three plus years. She did an amazing job for New Relic and helped to put in place the foundation to drive the strong results that we are sharing today.
Personally, I will continue to oversee day-to-day operations and increase my involvement with our go-to-market organization.
Our Chief Marketing Officer, Robson Grieve; and Head of Technical Sales, Service and Support, Roger Scott, now report directly to me, along with Erica Schultz, who is expanding upon her role running enterprise sales to lead both enterprise and the SMB sales organizations.
Jim Gochee, our Chief Product Officer; and Kristy Friedrichs, our Chief People Officer, will continue to report to me along with Mark. I am confident that this team's experienced enterprise leaders will continue to drive our success in fiscal '18.
In closing, we continue to be the cloud leader in the market and make significant progress against our strategic growth initiatives. We very much remain on track to achieve our longer-term objectives, and I've never been more enthusiastic about New Relic's future.

With that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Sachleben 
Thanks, Lew. Turning to the financials, our fourth quarter revenue was $73.3 million, up 40% year-over-year, 8% sequentially and ahead of our original guidance and preliminary expectations announced in early April.
Overall, we ended the quarter with more than 15,000 total paid business accounts, 6,485 of which pay more than $5,000 per year. Our annualized revenue per average paid business account reached approximately $19,500, up 24% year-over-year and 5% sequentially.
As I've done for our past end-of-year calls, I'll provide some additional color today around how we ended the year. We ended Q4 with 517 paid business accounts paying over 100,000 per year, up over 40% from a year ago. We also finished the year with more than 30 paid business accounts paying over $1 million per year, more than double last year.
Our enterprise business, defined as paid business accounts with more than 1,000 employees, ended the year at approximately 46% of annualized recurring revenue, up from around 40% at the end of fiscal year '16, while we ended with over 1,700 enterprise paid business accounts.
As we expect our enterprise business to reach over half of our ARR by the end of fiscal '18, we have decided to start providing certain metrics that we believe better reflect our enterprise strategy. Most notably, each quarter, we will now provide a number of paid business accounts paying over $100,000 per year in addition to the percentage of ARR coming from enterprise. We have provided the historical trends for these metrics as part of our investor presentation on the website.
Going forward, we will no longer report the over $5,000 per year metric, which is much less relevant; given our enterprise focus. Similarly, while we will continue to report a total paid business account metric for each quarter, we will be rounding down the figure as there has been increasing noise that can appear from quarter-to-quarter that we believe diminishes the value of a specific figure.
For instance, in Q4, as a result of the large deal that Lew referenced, we consolidated several dozen smaller accounts into one large enterprise-wide account. Our dollar based net expansion rate in the quarter was 133%, up from 125% last quarter. We continue to expect to see a similar seasonal pattern in fiscal '18 as we saw this past year.
Turning to our geographic split, U.S. revenue of $49.9 million for the quarter was up 41% year-over-year, while non-U. S. revenue for the quarter grew to $23.4 million, up 37% year-over-year. Non-U.S. revenue represented 32% of revenue in the quarter.
Before moving to profit and loss items, I would like to point out that unless otherwise specified, all of the expense and profitability metrics I will be discussing going forward are non-GAAP results. A full reconciliation between historical GAAP and non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release issued today and available on our website.
Our gross margin was 83%, up from 81% in the year-ago period and in line with last quarter. As we look ahead, we expect to sustain best-in-class gross margins around 82% in fiscal '18.
With regard to operating expenses, sales and marketing costs were $42 million compared to $39.9 million last quarter and $33.8 million in the same quarter last year. Last quarter, we spoke about accelerating certain go-to-market investments and in fact in Q4, we had our strongest hiring quarter of the year; a pace which we expect to continue in Q1.
R&D expenses were $13.3 million compared to $11.9 million last quarter and $12.5 million in the same quarter last year. The sequential increase was largely due to numerous personnel related costs resetting as we enter the new calendar year.
G&A costs were $11.1 million compared to $9.5 million last quarter and $8.3 million in the same quarter last year due to a similar increase in personnel related costs as we entered 2017 as well as the beginning of a major internal systems upgrade, which we expect to impact G&A expenses through most of fiscal '18.

Overall, our expense in the quarter produced an operating loss of $5.8 million compared to $4.9 million last quarter, but down meaningfully from $12 million for the same quarter last year. This resulted in a negative operating margin of 8% in the quarter compared to negative 7% last quarter and negative 23% in the same quarter last year or roughly a 15% point year-over-year improvement for the second consecutive quarter. Our net loss per share was $0.11 compared to $0.09 last quarter and $0.24 in the same quarter last year.
Quickly running through our financials for the year, revenue was $263 million, up 45% over last year. Gross margins were 82.5%, up from 81% in fiscal '16. Operating margin was a loss of 10% versus a loss of 23%, and our net loss per share was $0.49 compared to a net loss per share of $0.85 in fiscal '16.
Turning to our balance sheet, we ended the year with approximately $206 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, up from approximately $196 million last quarter. Elsewhere on the balance sheet, our total deferred revenue ended the quarter at $126 million, up 69% year-over-year and 36% quarter-over-quarter.
We still do not view deferred revenue as a reliable indicator of our underlying business trends, due to the varying durations of our contracts and billing terms as well as the overall velocity of our land and expand model, which in certain instances can result in our renewal base moving around from prior years.
Let me pause here to discuss the impact of several of these on our Q4 results. We do not intend to regularly comment on specific factors impacting deferred revenue, but given the impacts in Q4 and potential subsequent effects on Q1, we wanted to provide some additional transparency.
First, we saw an approximately $4 million benefit from a couple of renewals that we previously expected to close in April but closed and were billed as part of the upsells in March. Additionally, we saw a benefit of approximately $4 million from converting several customers to annual invoicing. Overall, our installed base ended the year with a 7.2 month average invoice duration.
Looking ahead to Q1, we expect deferred revenue to be flat from Q4 primarily due to the early renewals and billing activity previously discussed, which overall act as about a $6 million headwind to our Q1 deferred revenue.
For the remainder of the year, we expect deferred revenue to generally follow a similar seasonal pattern that it did throughout fiscal '17, with the exception of Q4 '18, which we'd expect to show more muted sequential growth versus fiscal '17, given the unique factors that we benefit from this past Q4.
Turning to cash flow, we generated positive cash from operations for the sixth consecutive quarter, a record of nearly $10 million. Free cash flow, defined as cash from operations minus purchase of capital expenditures minus capitalized software was also positive at roughly $4 million.
As we look into fiscal '18, we expect cash from operations to be between $35 million and $45 million and physical capital expenditures to be $26 million to $30 million, reflecting some delayed spending from fiscal '17. For the year, we also expect capitalized software to be at similar levels to last year. Overall, we expect to generate between $1 million and $10 million of free cash flow for fiscal '18.
Now I will turn to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and the fiscal year as a whole, some of which we previously announced in early April. We are initiating our outlook as follows: For the first fiscal quarter ending June 30, we expect revenue to range from $77 million to $78.5 million or growth of 31% to 33% year-over-year.
We expect a non-GAAP operating loss of $6.5 million to $7.5 million. This will lead to non-GAAP net loss per share in the range of $0.12 to $0.14 based upon a weighted average share count of 53.7 million for the quarter. For the full fiscal year of 2018, we expect revenue to range from $341.5 million to $346.5 million or growth of 30% to 32% year-over-year.

We expect a non-GAAP operating loss of $14 million to $18 million. This will lead to a non-GAAP net loss per share in the range of $0.24 to $0.32 based upon a weighted average share count of 55 million.
One very quick modeling note, our largest FutureStack event is expected to occur in New York in Q2 this year versus Q3 last year, which should contribute towards a modestly higher level of sales and marketing spend in Q2 versus Q1 than in prior years, where the two quarters have been relatively flat. Overall, we continue to expect to achieve sustainable non-GAAP operating income by the end of this fiscal year.
And with that, we are happy to turn it over to your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator 
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Turits from Raymond James.
Michael Turits
Hey guys. A quick question for you, Mark; there's a lot of puts and takes, obviously, around the deferred revenue issue. I know it's one of your favorites. But I just wanted to see if some of the bigger picture trends regarding deal sizes, renewals, et cetera, that had contributed to some back-end loading to billings in '17 will be the same types of patterns we'll see in '18?
Mark Sachleben
Thanks, Michael. Yes, it's always a pleasure having the first question be about billings, right?
Michael Turits
I know. I'm just trying to suck up. I wanted to get on your good side.
Mark Sachleben
Hopefully, we'll get the one out of the way, right? We were pleased with the billings numbers and the deferred numbers, and we do expect to see continued seasonality as we've seen this year. At the end of the day, we're becoming more and more of an enterprise company, and those deals tend to cluster around the December, the calendar year-end, and the March, our fiscal year-end dates.
And so we're seeing more new deals and more renewals and things cluster around those dates. So I think we'll see similar patterns going forward as we saw emerge this year.
Michael Turits
Okay. And then for my non-billings question, talk a little bit if you would Lew, about the competitive landscape, especially obviously with AppD over at Cisco, how things have or haven't changed now, and how you feel like you're doing?
Lewis Cirne
Sure, Michael. I'd say there's not a dramatic change. We've been happy with our win rate all along. I'd say it has improved even more in recent months, particularly if the customer is running in a cloud environment.
And so what we're thinking about as we think about the competitive landscape is we want to think of if the application is in a public cloud environment, we want to think of that as home turf, where that's where we want a dominant win rate. And then we'll take a good win rate with the applications running on-premise too, but we want to continue to dominate in the cloud.
And we believe with AppDynamics being now part of Cisco, we have an opportunity to even lengthen that lead based on their historical focus of being more geared towards the data center and on-premise workloads and from a networking point of view culturally. So we're very happy with our competitive position in the market. We expect it to remain competitive because it's an attractive space to be in. But we believe if we continue to dominate in the cloud, we'll have wonderful business for the long term.
Michael Turits
Great, thanks, Lew, thanks Mark.
Operator 
Our next question comes from Ben McFadden from Pacific Crest Securities.
Benjamin J. McFadden
Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Lew, I wanted to start with this large deal that was announced a month ago that you talked about in the call. I think you said 1,500 users in 45 countries, if I'm right. But I'm just curious if you could expand maybe even further around the footprint of this deal, as to what degree as far as apps deployed are you potentially touching within this organization? And what percentage may be on-premise versus public cloud? And kind of how do you get this deal to potentially continue to grow from here? Any more color on that would be great.

Lewis Cirne
Sure. So we're thrilled about the deal and we're thrilled about how it came about in that clearly we proved our value proposition time and time again over the course of years. And it just came to a point where the customer recognized that every quarter, they were kind of signing up for another substantial increase in their New Relic investment and the time was right to discuss a much larger commitment, where they can just be comfortable rolling out much more broadly.
And so while they signed up for the entire platform and there are -- that means every one of our product is in this deal, I would say in this particular case, it's skewed a bit more to APM in its distribution. And so therefore, while we see upside in many dimensions within this account in the future as they continue to grow, a particular portion -- a particularly large amount of upside will be in outside of APM.
And when we look at the trends of how our non-APM business is doing across the whole company, we think that that's very attractive to us. The workloads are a combination of on-premise and in-cloud, but they are completely strategically bought into the cloud, which is why I believe they made it clear -- it was clear in their mind they wanted to be strategic with New Relic, because it lined up with where they are going strategically as well.
And so our ability to work well on-premise but to be incredibly differentiated in the cloud environment was a big part of why they felt comfortable being strategic with us.
Benjamin J. McFadden
Great, and then, Mark I just wanted to ask another question on seasonality without touching the deferred revenue question. Just in general, as we think about -- I think last year -- in the past year, you talked about the first two quarters being maybe stronger for new customer acquisition and then expanding as you go into the back half of the year. As we think about sort of these enterprise customers, are we still seeing some -- a large portion land within the first two quarters? Or has the model shifted so much that it's revolving significantly more around the back half of the year?
Mark Sachleben
We are seeing, in terms of overall business, we're seeing more strength in the back half of the year. And that is driven by the enterprise, the additional enterprise emphasis of the company and also the strength. And as we've mentioned, the enterprise will be more than half our business by the end of this year, so that's having a larger overall impact.
In terms of the number of customers though, if you look at the historical numbers for us, we tend to -- we've been adding roughly between 30 and 50 customers a quarter in the over 100k range. And that's something that tends to skew actually a little bit larger toward the second half of the year. So in the net, in terms of seasonal pattern, we think that is likely to be the case.
I think the thing you have to remember is when we add new customers, the land and expand model is such that our new customers can be added -- a lot of times, they're added at relatively small amounts. And so in the first half of the year, we could add customers and they could be a 50k or a 60k, maybe a 100k customer and then expanding late in the year. 
The latter half of the year, we'll still be adding a lot of new customers. But I think, the overall impact in terms of the results for the quarter are more skewed toward the expansion deals because the expansion business tends to be stronger in the second half of the year.
Benjamin J. McFadden
Thank you.
Operator 
Our next question comes from Greg McDowell with JMP.
Gregory McDowell
Great, thank you very much. I think one of the most interesting components or information you shared on the call so far is just the cross-sell. And so I'd like to ask about that. Infrastructure is one product that has not been in the marketplace very long, and yet, you've mentioned it was in 4 of the top 10 deals. And I was just wondering if you could expand a little bit on some of the dynamics of including infrastructure and some of those large deals. 

And were those greenfield opportunities? Were those replacement opportunities of an existing infrastructure provider? And then I have one follow-up.
Lewis Cirne
Sure. So I guess the way to look at it is from the customer's perspective. Our customers generally feel it's imperative to be successful with digital, and they're using the cloud typically to be successful with a new digital initiative. And our vision resonates with them. Our vision is to be successful with digital, you need visibility in the customer experience that could be the mobile application or the web, on the front end of the web browser.
You also need visibility in the application. And the third leg of the stool is visibility into the infrastructure underneath that application, especially if it's dynamic infrastructure in the cloud. And they all should be in one unified platform, easy to use, SaaS delivered, so that you can see the impact of infrastructure health and configuration and how that impacts the application in the customer experience. That vision is resonating with our customers.
And so sometimes, they may have an infrastructure monitoring product, there are open source tools out there they may have used, and this may be the first time for that project subscribing to a commercial offering. Sometimes, we are replacing other offerings that are focused on the infrastructure layer. It's a bit of a mixture of both at the moment, but what's driving it all is this unified view across customer experience, application infrastructure on one easy to use platform.
So we're going to continue to focus on that strategy. It's a winning strategy, particularly when you look at customers running workloads in the cloud.
Gregory McDowell
Thank you. And then one quick follow-up on Project Seymour, certainly, one team effort so far in this software earnings season has been machine learning and artificial intelligence. It feels like it's brought up on every earnings call. So I was just hoping you could help maybe run through the key value proposition of Seymour and maybe talk about -- I know we're still in limited beta here, but what are some of the key milestones you guys need to hit this year before it goes GA?
Lewis Cirne
Great question. And for us, again, I'm going to put it back to the customer and what they're trying to achieve and what their challenges are. Our customers aren't coming to us asking, what can you do with AI? Our customers are saying, my environment is incredibly complex; there is so much going on, so many micro services all trying to work in concert to deliver a great customer experience; so many possible points of failure.
From the customer experience to the application to the infrastructure, new Relic can you help put into intelligence or code or algorithms -- can you help automate the work of what humans have manually been doing in the past? Which is analyzing all this data and looking for problems, or trying to identify the root cause of problem or identifying just interesting stuff in that data that's worthy of attention before they are problems.
So that has been a very human effort of just staring at data and trying to figure out what's interesting and actionable, and then routing it to the right person, who would actually have an interest and a role to play on based on whatever that insight is in the data. That's the foundation of what we're doing with Seymour. And so we're using some buzzword friendly technology like machine learning.
We're using other just straightforward algorithms that encode the best practices that we've discovered in application management over the hundreds of engineer years that we have in place in this domain. And the results is our customers are using our products more and they're finding it to be more of a daily habit.

So the vision of Seymour is to drive more usage of our product. Because as we talked about in that $24 million deal, it's not a surprise or a coincidence that we have so many active users within that customer using our products on a regular basis. So we believe if we've got more people using our product more often, it'll turn into healthier customer relationships.
And so to answer your question of like what do I pay attention to in order for it to be ready for prime time, well, this is going to be continual effort for us, but we're going to be a lot of attention to stickiness and active usage for Seymour.
Gregory McDowell
Great, thanks Lew, thanks Mark.
Operator 
Your next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty
Yes, thanks. Hi guys. I want to follow-up first on the land and expand item. When you look at the expand part of the deals, how much of the expand is coming from just follow-on APM? And how much of it is from taking on new products? And does that differ by the size of the customer?
Lewis Cirne
Sterling, thanks. The -- it really varies, we grow our customers. We get in, we get a toe-hold in the account and they continue to grow in several ways. One is the application growth, the environment growth, and we'll sell more APM. The other -- and then another vector is we do go into APM only accounts. More and more accounts are coming in with multi-products to start, but we do have accounts that still start with APM, and they'll add additional products. 
And then, the third vector is moving to whole new environments. It might be a new application in that same group or another division within the organization. Any of those vectors can be an expansion opportunity. In terms of the size of the company, I think all three of those can work in small and larger companies. Obviously, the expansion of new applications and new divisions, that's much more relevant in the enterprise. But we see that still even in our smaller companies as well.
Sterling Auty
And then one follow-up question. The success that you've seen over the last several quarters, has anything changed in terms of the top of funnel dynamics versus the close rates when you look at the go-to-market motion?
Lewis Cirne
We studied those in depth as you can imagine. And we see -- we're seeing fairly consistent patterns emerge and trends. I don't think anything has changed dramatically. We test things. We try things fairly routinely. And it's interesting because you can run programs that really expand the top of the funnel.
And then you'll see your conversion rates somewhere down the line maybe deteriorate. And so you can convince yourself that metric is great. But at the end of the day, it's what you're putting in and what you're getting out. And that's really what we focus on, and I think that's what we have to focus on long term to make sure we're improving the efficiency of the business.
Sterling Auty
Thanks, guys.
Operator 
Your next question comes from Sanjit Singh from Morgan Stanley.
Sanjit Singh
Thank you for taking the questions and congrats to the team on a strong fiscal year '17. Lew, I wanted to touch base on the security proposition that New Relic can potentially play. I think when I talk to your customers more and more, the performance management APM embedded within an overall security architecture, is the conversation that I'm having a lot. And I noticed the relationship you signed with Splunk. So I just wanted to revisit your thoughts on how New Relic fits into kind of these next generation security architectures? And what's your vision there?
Lewis Cirne
Sure. It's a great question. And just as a reminder to you and the other listeners, what's interesting about our value proposition for security is that the web application typically is now the new point of attack into a business from the outside because by definition, the web application is kind of exposing something to the outside world, and therefore, it could be a point of vulnerability.

And therefore, our unique visibility inside the application and what's going on and if it's changing is valuable telemetry to help security teams detect potential threats and attacks. One of the interesting things we are doing in Seymour is generating some alerts and cards that will notify when we see suspicious security events inside your applications. So we're dipping our toe in that space at the moment. And certainly, we and many of our customers use New Relic Insights for security use cases.
However, we recognize that this is -- the security market takes a lot of focus in order to do really well. And so we are not yet quite ready at the point to develop -- to devote the considerable sales and marketing resources required to really make it an area of priority and focus from a go-to-market perspective. So we're learning from our customers exactly how they use our product for security use cases. And we'll continue to learn and have that in consideration as we think about our offering, how we may more directly address the security use cases in the future.
And the last thing I'd say is we are thrilled about our Splunk partnership. We think it's good for us because it's good for our customers. A lot of our customers are Splunk customers and they rely on our digital intelligence platform as well as they rely on Splunk. And they want to see more data sharing between our platforms. We're happy to do that because it helps them be more successful. And when our customers are successful, they'll do a bit more business with us.
Sanjit Singh
Great, and then one follow-up, just in terms of some of the changes in terms of go-to-market. Outside of the promotion of Erica, anything from a sales force perspective that's going to be different this year versus last year; anything major in terms of territory realignment, quotas, those types of things?
Lewis Cirne
The short answer is no, nothing like large or significant. First of all, I would say since we made the announcement at the very beginning of April, shortly thereafter we had our annual sales kickoff. And the overwhelming consistent feedback was it was our best sales kickoff ever and the level of excitement and enthusiasm and passion and confidence is at an all-time high in the field.
My hat's off to Erica for leading that incredibly well and her team. Erica did a great job in building out her lieutenants last year. And so our regional leaders underneath Erica have been in place for about a year now. We feel like that team is in great shape and is stable and so we don't anticipate large changes.
That having been said, we're a growing business. We're always sort of asking what can we do better, so we may make minor adjustments here or there. But that's always been the case for our business historically, and we expect that will be the way we do business for the foreseeable future.
Sanjit Singh
Understood, thank you.
Operator 
Our next question comes from Rob Oliver from Baird.
Robert Oliver
Great, thank you guys. Mark, I think I heard you mention that the largest deal was a consolidation of a bunch of smaller deals that have existed within an account? And maybe, Lew to your point, you talk about the opportunity to bring that unified vision. As you look at enterprise pipeline now, how many deals look like that? In other words, clearly you guys have tremendous mindshare with the DevOps community. So how much of the pipeline looks like a bunch of smaller deals within an account, where you have the opportunity to come in and unify those?
Lewis Cirne
Great question. And I think, one of the reasons why I'm so excited about New Relic's future and prospects. So we have now 30 customers spending $1 million a year or more with us, and that's nearly double in just 1 year, right? Where did they come from? Well, they were the $100,000 to $1 million class of last year and years prior.

So that category -- we now have over 500 six figure customers, over 500 of them. And that's up 40% year-over-year. That's our farm team for the million dollar plus. And $1 million customers, they're the stable of customers that will -- some of them will ultimately be $10 million a year customers, and that's my challenge to the field is who's going to bring in the $10 million New Relic customer? And I hope it's this year.
So it's this wonderful graduation steps that our customers go through. And let me remind you, the average spend across our customer base is only $19,500. Now the good news is that's up from $9,000 at the day of our IPO, which is what 2.5 years ago. So it's more than doubled. And of course, that's reflective on us going up market.
But we're fine with bringing on a customer at a relatively low spend level because the product -- if we continue to deliver a product that customers love to use and value, then they'll increase their spend with us and ultimately, it turns into these wonderful relationships of long-term subscribers at substantial investment levels.
Robert Oliver
Great, thanks Lew. Thanks, guys.
Operator 
Your next question comes from Jesse Hulsing from Goldman Sachs.
Kevin Kumar
Hi. This is Kevin Kumar on for Jesse. Regarding Project Seymour, how many customers are testing the product currently? And when do you think they could be a material contributor to the model?
Lewis Cirne
So we're not at a point yet where we can describe customer counts, except for to say, like, I love the growth that I'm seeing in usage across the beta customers, and that's the key point. How you think about Seymour in the model is not a separate product on its own, but rather a vehicle by which we drive more user engagement, more stickiness and substantially more competitive advantage. Our competitors are on-premise.
We don't believe it's possible to do something like this on-premise single tenant. So it's going to be a simple do you have something like Seymour or don't you? And we think the answer will be only New Relic has something like Seymour in our broader competitive space. And so the way you think about how it will affect our business will be in win rates, in usage and hopefully more and more of these customer relationships that look like the substantial deal we talked about during in the call and more of those $100,000 and $1 million customer relationships.
Kevin Kumar
Great, thank you.
Operator 
Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron
Thanks. Lew maybe you can talk about your two of your least popular children, mobile and browser, and how do you think about them?
Lewis Cirne
Whoever says they don't love all their children equally? I love Mobile and Browser.
Ittai Kidron
You don't mention them at all.
Lewis Cirne
I don't -- look, it's like when one of your children graduates from college, that's who gets the attention that day. So we had a great quarter for Insights. We had a great quarter for Infrastructure. Mobile and Browser are like, it starts the customer experience, right? So the whole point of digital is delivering a great customer experience. Every customer interaction must be measured.
And we measure every mobile page load, every browser action. Every time you buy a coffee on Dunkin' Donuts, we measure the health, the speed of that transaction and if there's a crash, we can go all the way down to the cause of that crash, including all the steps prior to that crash. That's must have data because the customer experience and the digital customer experience is the brand experience.
So yes, these are super important products for us. We believe they are, perhaps among our most differentiated products. They're where our more direct competitors in the APM space really have the furthest to go in being competitive in that space. And they're often why, especially if you've got a customer facing property why people select New Relic.

Ittai Kidron
Got it. And then Mark, for you excluding those two -- the timing of this, I guess, $8 million billings that just kind of came without you expecting them to come in the quarter, I mean, without that your billings growth would have been up 42%, correct me if I'm wrong on a year-over-year basis, the high on the year, which makes sense seasonally. I guess the question is though you look at the rest of the quarter as we think to fiscal '18, do you have a view on the year and what would you do expect billings growth to be in '18? Is it low 30s on average for the year? Is that the kind of the right bogey to think about?
Mark Sachleben
Well, I can confirm the math you did on the first calculation. And if you take out that $8 million, that is accurate. In terms of billings going forward, we're not guiding directly to billings. We've given some indication of deferred for the next quarter. We've also talked about our operating income for the year, our guidance for the end of the year, our cash flow targets.
And when you combine -- I think we've given enough information to sort of have a sense for what the year might look like. We talked about how deferred will be seasonally similar to what it was last year with the exception of Q4 because this Q4 had those unusual items. So I think, we've given enough to triangulate to get a sense for it, but we are not providing explicit guidance in terms of billings growth or deferred for the year.
Ittai Kidron
Okay. And maybe I guess, lastly on productivity, how do you feel about the productivity of sales force right now; the progression there? And how do you think, regarding the milestones you've put for the sales force for fiscal '18, I assumed there's an escalation out there. I mean, what's your initial kind of view into that? How good do you feel about your ability to get those productivity levels up?
Mark Sachleben
Yes, we feel good about the productivity that we're seeing, that we've seen and we continue to see you. We're a growth company, and so we continue to hire aggressively, particularly enterprise. We are hiring across the SMB as well, but we're investing more aggressively in the enterprise. And so we still have at any given point in time, we have a fair amount of our sales team that is ramping and is relatively new.
And so we continue to face the challenge and address the challenge of hiring good people, enabling them and making sure they ramp to the point where they get to be successful, fully ramped reps. And we're doing that at an aggressive pace. But in terms of the overall productivity, we like what we continue to see.
Ittai Kidron
Very good. Good luck guys.
Operator 
Our next question comes from Derrick Wood from Cowen & Company.
Rakesh Kumar
Hi, guys. This is Rakesh Kumar sitting in for Derrick. I was hoping to get more color on the AWS partnership that started last month and on the joint development and go-to-market initiatives. How is that trending? And what are some of your initial findings?
Lewis Cirne
Well, it's still early with that particular portion of this partnership, but we're very encouraged by it. What we really are encouraged by is how Amazon and we at New Relic jointly see the customer journey to the cloud, and how we believe both companies see how we can help each other. How do we help Amazon? Well, Amazon benefits when customer workloads in the cloud move to the cloud faster and grow.
And what are the obstacles to moving workload to the cloud? Often, it's uncertainty about how the application will behave in a cloud environment or not quite enough confidence to really go full scale into the cloud environment because it is different from on-premise. We give our customers confidence that they can deploy the cloud. We can compare the application's behavior in an on-premise environment to the cloud environment, show how often it behaves much more predictably and better and more cost effectively because you can right size the environment to the workload.

And that results in more customer confidence to move to Amazon or to other cloud providers. And let me be clear, we are partnering with all the major cloud providers because our value proposition is similar in each of those cases. So that's how we help the cloud provider partners because the customer really does want an objective third party to give them that confidence.
It gives them so much more confidence if it's New Relic objectively measuring the health of the application in both environments rather than a tool maybe provided by the cloud provider that could claim that everything is fine. That's always going to be a little harder for the customer, really, to get fully confident with. And that's why we're so important as an independent partner to serve in that role.
So there's more we are looking at doing with all of our cloud partners, and the details aren't yet ready to release, but stay tuned. But because we're seeing this joint success, it's certainly a tailwind for our business and we think it's helping Amazon and our other partners accelerate their business as well.
Rakesh Kumar
Got it. If I could ask a follow-up as well. You closed a large deal with the Insights product and it now accounts for almost 10% of your new business. I was hoping to understand at what point in the APM journey does customer start to look at the Insights product? And if there is a dedicated sales motion for Insights?
Lewis Cirne
There is not a dedicated sales motion for Insights. And this particular use case was a wonderful one. It's not necessarily how all of our Insights deals work, but it is a wonderful story because in this particular case, it was a CEO visible, critical digital initiative, something they've been -- the CEO has been on record talking about in the press about how it is important for their business, and how excited they were about this project.
And so we not only engage with the development and the operation teams and talk about what we usually talk about: Reliability, performance, eliminating errors, stability, all of those things. But we also engage with the product management team. We ask them, what is business success for this? And they're taking turns of new users and user stickiness and how many people get through the funnel from trial to paid and the kinds of things that business people think about.
And we said, what if we could do a real-time dashboard that will present that data along with the performance data? And the way we do that is through Insights. Well that just transformed their view about New Relic. We are no longer just a tool for debugging code. We were their strategic dashboard and that's where it became something that actually demoed to the CEO of the company.
And so it shouldn't be a surprise that after you get that level of traction, we're talking about these kinds of -- this kind of visibility, you start to see seven digit transactions just for Insights alone. So it's transforming how our accounts think about New Relic.
Rakesh Kumar
Thanks.
Operator 
Your last question comes from Fatima Boolani of UBS.
Fatima Boolani
Good afternoon, thank you for taking the questions. Lew, I wanted to follow-up on a comment you made. It's very clear that New Relic is going to be doubling down even further on the enterprise side of the house. And I'm curious as you get closer to the go-to-market operation and sales motions, what your perspective is around offering ELAs or sort of all you can eat buffet options to really incent the adoption of the product portfolio that's expanded quite nicely in the last several years? And a quick follow-up for Mark, if I may.
Lewis Cirne
Sure, great. Great question, and I'd like the -- we don't necessarily think specifically in terms of ELAs. My last company, Wily did that. We like them to be more of a natural outcome of lots and lots of usage because in the case like the $8 million ARR or $24 million TCB deal we talked about as I mentioned, there were 100 transactions we did with this company, every one of them at a higher unit price along the way.

So we were doing just fine, doing one deal a quarter or multiple deals per quarter as we grew with them. And so it made sense was a natural time for a win-win. My worry about being an ELA-driven business is it often leads to an imbalance in the customer relationship, where we're trying to drive the bus too hard and the customer is not ready for it. It can turn into shelfware or it can turn into just a unit price that we don't think is right for us in the long term.
So I'd rather kind of get there when we're ready and the customer is ready, driven by us demonstrating success in the customer environment. And that's how we're going to think about our customer relationship in the future. But it's great to demonstrate that we can get to this new level of spend with the large enterprise and show that the value proposition we have is strategic.
Fatima Boolani
That's very helpful. And Mark, a quick question for you on gross margin. It continued to be pretty resilient and trending towards the high end and even maybe above your longer-term targets. And I would have presumed as you kind of march up market or for larger customers, who presumably have more complex instantiation requirements and more complex general environments, I'm wondering if you can help us understand kind of the puts and takes into the gross margin line. And that's it for me.
Mark Sachleben
Okay, sure. We are incredibly proud of our gross margins. And you're absolutely right, the complexity of dealing with the enterprise organizations has certainly increased. And you would normally think that with the pressure in your gross margin, I think, it's a testament to the engineering team that we've done and our ability to really be efficient in serving that, if you think about it, the amount of data we collect today per customer is much greater than it was a couple of years ago.
Looking forward, it's going to be much greater than it is now. And the challenge is going to be to continue to keep being efficient. When you look at what's historically gone on, you have a couple of things happening. One is things like our credit card cost, which is a decent component of our cost of sales. As more and more customers move to -- or more of our business moves to the enterprise, we end up with more and more invoicing and lower percentage of credit card costs.
Our capitalized software has been fairly flat over time in the last few years. And so as a percentage of revenue it's been going down. So when you look at the amortization hit to the gross margin that's been declining as a percent as well. So there have been a couple of things like that that have been helping us. So we've been -- while we're thrilled with where it is we have been guiding to get closer -- to drift downward toward our long-term targets of the 78% to 82%.
Fatima Boolani
Thank you for the detail.
Operator 
That is all the time we have for questions. Thank you for joining. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Business Software & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All NEWR TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksSafran SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAFRF• Today, 3:07 AM • SA TranscriptsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•1 CommentCypress: As Good As It GetsCY• Today, 1:35 AM • Out of IgnoranceA Bear's Trade On Cisco For 5.6% IncomeCSCO• Yesterday, 9:00 PM • Eric Basmajian•11 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Yesterday, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•1 CommentFlex Ltd.. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLEX• Yesterday, 8:01 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Sage Group To Acquire Intacct For Financial Management SolutionsSGGEF• Yesterday, 7:46 PM • Donovan JonesGigamon, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGIMO• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: The Price Is Still SillyAMD• Yesterday, 7:24 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•95 CommentsAmazon: Ugly Q3 Guidance Easily PredictedAMZN• Yesterday, 7:18 PM • Stone Fox Capital•66 CommentsInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•1 CommentNational Instruments Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNATI• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•17 CommentsForecasting Apple's Q3 Using Apple GuidanceAAPL• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • Scott Nickerson•8 CommentsThis Is Not Your Grandfather's AT&TEditors' Pick • T• Yesterday, 6:23 PM • Chuck Carnevale•41 CommentsAmazon: First Look And AWS ThoughtsAMZN• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • D.M. Martins Research•36 CommentsVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP IdeasA10 Networks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATEN• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•20 Comments8X8 Inc 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGHT• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsXiaomi Comeback Marches On, But Will It Last?XI• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Doug YoungLooking Deeper Into AMD's EarningsAMD• Yesterday, 4:22 PM • Technology Investing•83 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•4 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner:  Strong AT&T Earnings Enhance The Case For The Combined EntityT• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•13 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsMicrosoft Riding High On The CloudMSFT• Yesterday, 3:13 PM • Sramana Mitra•4 CommentsFacebook Joins The Half A Trillion ClubFB• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • Bespoke Investment Group•17 CommentsApple: Analysis Of Its New Long-Term DebtAAPL• Yesterday, 2:33 PM • Samuel Eneh•6 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsIntel Earnings Preview: Q2 Results Come Out After Market CloseINTC• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsActivision Earnings PredictionATVI• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•10 CommentsFacebook - Very Strong Quarter For This GARP PlayFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • The Value Investor•6 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•43 CommentsIs Twitter Suffering From A Trump Hangover: Have Mass Boycotts Begun?TWTR• Yesterday, 1:54 PM • Paul Franke•19 CommentsTwitter: Lacking The Network Effect The Market WantsTWTR• Yesterday, 1:11 PM • Stone Fox Capital•16 CommentsAMD Earnings TakeawaysAMD• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•42 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•2 CommentsE-Commerce Giant Amazon Reports Q2 Earnings Today After Market CloseAMZN• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • JJ Kinahan•20 CommentsGoogle Home Has Competitive Strengths In Fast Growing Smart Speaker MarketGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • LD Investments•11 CommentsTwitter: Testing Investors' PatienceTWTR• Yesterday, 12:43 PM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsTwitter Q2 Earnings: The Ship Is GroundedTWTR• Yesterday, 12:21 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•4 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: Apple's Second Revolutionary OfferingAAPL• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • J. M. Manness•24 CommentsIs It Too Late To Buy Facebook?FB• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•43 CommentsEntegris, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesENTG• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • SA TranscriptsAMD: We Have Lift OffAMD• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Kumquat Research•76 CommentsAMD: The Inside StoryAMD• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • The Structure Of Price•51 CommentsNokia Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNOK• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsApple: On A Slippery SlopeAAPL• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Rohit Chhatwal•47 CommentsVerizon Follows Suit, Delivers A Strong QuarterVZ• Yesterday, 10:01 AM • D.M. Martins Research•17 CommentsMicrosoft Versus IBM - Which Moat To Invest In?IBM, MSFT• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • Houman Tamaddon•53 CommentsAmerican Tower Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMT• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAutomatic Data Processing, Inc. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesADP• Yesterday, 9:49 AM • SA TranscriptsTwitter: This Is RidiculousTWTR• Yesterday, 9:38 AM • Celeritas Investments•69 CommentsApple: DCF ValuationAAPL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Oleh Kombaiev•25 CommentsI'm Afraid IBM Can't Make It This TimeIBM• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • The Dividend Guy•16 CommentsVipshop Holdings Is Fairly PricedVIPS• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Sven Carlin•1 CommentAnalog Devices Has High Margin Of SafetyADI• Yesterday, 8:57 AM • Kush Patel•1 CommentRedfin Ignores The ElephantsRDFN• Yesterday, 8:35 AM • IPO Candy•3 CommentsNokia: A Solid 'Hold' After EarningsNOK• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Orthodox Investor•18 CommentsIBM: The Incredible Shrinking IT VendorIBM• Yesterday, 7:59 AM • Bert Hochfeld•36 CommentsHow Intel Is Becoming A Diversified AI PlayerINTC• Yesterday, 6:34 AM • Right Angle•10 CommentsIntel: Pre-Earnings Analysis And DCF RevisionINTC• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Tobias BeithRenishaw Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRNSHF• Yesterday, 5:35 AM • SA TranscriptsNvidia Finally Ships VoltaNVDA• Yesterday, 3:12 AM • Mark Hibben•18 CommentsFacebook Q2: Why Is The Stock So Cheap?FB• Yesterday, 2:39 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•65 CommentsPayPal's Q2: Consistent Growth Again, But What About That 8% Tax Rate?PYPL• Yesterday, 1:57 AM • Greg Wajda•9 CommentsSK Telecom Co., Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSKM• Yesterday, 12:26 AM • SA TranscriptsAlphabet's Q2: Of Cash Flow And YouTubeGOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:46 PM • Steven Mallas•9 CommentsTelefonica Brasil, S.A 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVIV• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:19 PM • SA TranscriptsAnalog Devices: Winning Or Losing On Apple's Next iPhoneADI• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:12 PM • Prescient Investment AnalysisQualcomm And Cisco Make Early Investments In AgTechCSCO, QCOM• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:12 PM • Donovan Jones•12 Comments4 Companies Which Stand To Benefit From 3D SensingFNSR, LITE, VIAV• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:46 PM • Shareholders Unite•30 CommentsAlphabet: This Stock Will Help You Reach Your Retirement GoalsGOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•17 Comments123456...1163Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Iridium Communications' (IRDM) CEO Matt Desch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRDM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:05 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Whiting Petroleum (WLL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WLL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:19 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Imperva (IMPV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMPV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:17 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Starbucks (SBUX) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SBUX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:13 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) CEO Vince McMahon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:01 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




HFF's (HF) CEO Mark Gibson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:47 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cypress Semiconductor (CY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CY•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Align Technology (ALGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGN•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:09 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edison International (EIX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EIX•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




First Solar (FSLR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FSLR•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southwest Airlines (LUV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LUV•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




BofI Holding's (BOFI) CEO Greg Garrabrants on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOFI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:03 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ellie Mae (ELLI) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ELLI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MicroStrategy Incorporated's (MSTR) CEO Michael Saylor on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSTR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vale's (VALE) CEO Murilo Ferreira on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VALE•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digital Realty Trust (DLR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BJRI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Republic Services (RSG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RSG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cloud Peak Energy's (CLD) CEO Colin Marshall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLD•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cerner (CERN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CERN•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Proofpoint (PFPT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PFPT•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OceanaGold Corp's (OCANF) CEO Michael Wilkes on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OCANF•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical's (RARE) CEO Emil Kakkis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RARE•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Floor & Decor's (FND) CEO Tom Taylor on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FND•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SVB Financial's (SIVB) CEO Greg Becker on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIVB•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Digital (WDC) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WDC•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




California Water Service's (CWT) CEO Martin Kropelnicki on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CWT•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enova International's (ENVA) CEO David Fisher on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ENVA•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tandem Diabetes Care's (TNDM) CEO Kim Blickenstaff on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TNDM•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dynamic Materials' (BOOM) CEO Kevin Longe on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOOM•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4451Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


 Lew Cirne - New Relic 1 of 2 - FounderLY







































View on iTunes
YouTube channel
Subscribe
Follow us Become a fan 

About Us
Collaborate with Us
Request Interview
 







 





Featured
Consumer
Enterprise
Mobile
Media
Steve Blank’s Corner
Events
Blog
 
 





 



Share this post

 Tweet this!
HackerNews
Share on Technorati!
 Share on Facebook!
 Google Buzz!
 Share on LinkedIn!
 Digg it!
 Add to Delicious!
Reddit
 Stumble it
 Subscribe by RSS

 
 
Print PDF
 


Lew Cirne – New Relic 1 of 2
Posted by tony on  November 14, 2011 1:39 pm



 

              "The arc of development as a founder is learning how to delegate and trust others." New Relic is a cloud-based web app performance management service. 
              

 Webpage:  www.newrelic.com  
 Blog:  blog.newrelic.com  
 Twitter: @newrelic, @sweetlew 


  Watch:  Part 1,  Part 2 









Matthew: Hi, this is Matthew Wise at FounderLY. We empower entrepreneurs to have a voice and share their story with the world, enabling others to learn about building products and starting companies. It is with great pleasure that I’m here today with Lewis Cirne who is the founder of New Relic. Over 12 thousand companies use New Relic to monitor the performance of their web apps. With that said, Lew, we’d love for you to give our audience a brief bio.
Lew: Sure. My name is Lew Cirne. I’ve been in software ever since ’82 when my mom bought me a VIK20, and she said she hasn’t seen me since. But I’ve always been a passionate technologist who loves building software. It started off professionally at Apple in ’93 in between the tenures of Steve Jobs. So, I learned a lot about building products that people love. But got the bug for being an entrepreneur, I think just by being in Silicon Valley in the early ’90s. 
So, in ’98 I founded my first company called Wily Technology. And Wily is the first company in now a very large market called web application performance management. And Wily is a leading company in that space providing visibility and performance monitoring for live production web applications. And Wily was acquired in 2006 by CA, a company sometimes known as Computers Associates. And that was a great successful outcome for all the stakeholders, and Wily continues to do great business for large enterprises today in monitoring production websites. 
New Relic is my do-over at the same problem space. Learning everything I learned in my first startup and the eight years I put into that. I thought, what can we do to address web applications performance today? And focus on a new model that is delivered as a service rather than on-premise software. Supporting newer applications in frameworks running in the Cloud and running on languages like Ruby on Rails or PHP or Python as well as Java and dotnet. And being just a lot easier to use. So, you hear a lot about consumerization of IT, and in my mind that primarily means software that’s easy to use that you don’t want to inflict pain upon people when they have to open up their enterprise software applications.
So, we try to build software that our customers fall in love with and want to buy without even having to talk to a sales rep. And New Relic is basically succeeding very well in that model. And as you mentioned in the beginning, we now have over 12,000, I think about 12,500 customers using our software to keep their web applications fast.
Matthew: What makes New Relic unique? Who’s it for, and why are you so passionate about it?
Lew: Well, I think what makes it unique is, we’ve got software that a developer can get up and running with in literally a couple of minutes. And instantly have visibility that they had honestly didn’t think was even possible. So, by installing a little bit of code provided by us, we call it our agent, just installing that library inside the web application and then restarting that web application on its server, within a minute you’re going to see deeply how fast your app is running, and what is the code that is contributing to any performance problems you might have.
It’s like x-ray vision for your live web app. And what amazes our customers is just how easy it is to get going and how little pain is involved in setting up or seeing the data making sense of the data and making your website faster. That’s why we’ve got such strong business tractions because the product delivers so much value that people just try it out and they like it, and they want to become paying customers.
Matthew: What are some of the technology and market trends that currently exist, and where do you see things developing in the future for your space?
Lew: Well, there are a couple of big trends that are exciting to me. Obviously, virtually everybody is talking about Cloud computing and for good reason. The fact that people can get infrastructure on demand at any moment in time allows them to rapidly roll out web applications and not have to think about procuring servers, etc. And the layer above that platform is a service that’s obviously very interesting as well if you look at companies like Salesforce’s Heroku acquisition or EngineYard or what VMware is doing. And while there is, at least, 20 players now doing platform as a service, basically what that’s saying is the application server is really going in the way of history and is being replaced by live platform as a service.
All this means is that people who can write software have fewer and fewer barriers to publishing that software immediately and scaling it as needed. But what’s in the way is the visibility in the performance monitoring that tells them whether or not their application is actually servicing the end user, whether there are performance problems and when to add more capacity and what you need to do to make your site service the demands that your customers are putting on it.
That’s where we come in. So, virtually every platform is a service provider integrates with New Relic, provides New Relic to the end customers. For example, we have thousand of Heroku customers using us to monitor their applications running with either Ruby or in Java or we just announced Python last week. We can go through the list of all, virtually all of the platforms of the service providers who provide that as well.
There’s a second trend that I’ll speak to briefly and that is that you know, kudos have to go to Salesforce for really pioneering the whole idea of software as a service, and businesses shouldn’t be wasting their time and resources managing software. They should be pursuing their business objectives. And if you look at why Cloud computing is so popular, it’s because people could just get the infrastructure they need right away. 
Well, the same should be true for your monitoring software. If you want resources to be available right away and you don’t want to  worry about installing machines to run your application, then you certainly don’t want to be installing software to monitor your application. You don’t want to be delayed in launching your application because you’ve got to install and maintain the monitoring software. You want that to be just as available and ready to use as your infrastructure on demand is.
And so, we think that providing application monitoring as a SaaS model and we’re the first company to do it and by far the dominant leader. That’s really a game changer. It means that people can just focus on running their business not managing their management software.
Matthew: We covered your background and a review of your market. We’d love to get into the story of how New Relic started, as I understand you’re a single founder.
Lew: Right.
Matthew: How is like to be a single founder, and how did you know you wanted to start New Relic?
Lew: Sure. Sure. Well, really to answer that you’ve got to first take into perspective my first company that I was also the sole founder of Wily Technology. So, I’ve always been a passionate technical person, but I had a broader set of interests than that. When I was an undergrad I had a computer science degree, but I also pursued classical studies. I almost double majored in CS as well as the likes of Latin and Greek. So that breadth of interest, I think, led me to wanting to be involved beyond just the core technology and to really thinking about what does it take to build a successful business.
And Wily was a great learning experience along the way for that. I was learning on the job as a first time manager and CEO there. I brought in a professional CEO after the company was about 40 or 50 people in four years into the job and moved to a CTO role. And that was great and a wonderful experience. After Wily was acquired and that was for about $375 million, it was the largest acquisitions CA has done in the last ten years. So, there’s certainly no regrets about how Wily turned out. 
I took a year off, and I asked myself what would I do different learning everything I’ve learned? And there are a few key things that I’ve learned. One was in the first time around, like almost all enterprise software companies, when you’re selling a product for hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars, you end up often modifying your product almost for every customer that you bring on because they’re paying such a large ticket price for the software. 
You try to accommodate the requests, and what you end up doing is just continuously modifying the product until it becomes not very cohesive. And you’re trying to serve all, everybody. And in the process you do a mediocre job of just being good at core. Whereas prices are designed for tens of thousands of customers instead of a few hundred customers have to be scaled and therefore simple to use.
 So, my inspiration actually for New Relic was, this was just after the iPhone came out, and the iPhone was the first phone that I had ever seen where you could set it up in the comfort of your own phone, in the comfort of your own home, I should say. You didn’t have to go inside the AT&T store, wait for somebody to press a bunch of cryptic keys and install a sim card and go away behind the desk and come back to you and say, OK your phone is ready.
Because Apple invested in how does somebody take it out of the box and fall in love with the product without any help. And I said, I thought to myself, enterprise software should be that way, too. We shouldn’t need to hire people to go on-site to our customers to tell them how to get going with the software. The software should educate the customer on their own. If we don’t have to hire all those people to go on-site to educate the customer, we could, in effect, reduce the cost of sales and reduce the price of the product.
So, we can build a better product like the iPhone was better than its predecessors, but we can distribute it for less money. And therefore, we could reduce prices by 90% and still have a more profitable company. And that was where the whole combination of technology, product and business model got me really excited about New Relic.
Matthew: From idea to product launch, how long did that take, and when did you actually launch New Relic?
Lew: It’s pretty funny that story, just a sec. I started working on New Relic really when I was taking that year off. And honestly, I was just looking for something interesting to do when I wasn’t golfing or playing around with my daughter, who was only one at the time. And so, I just got curious about technology again, and I started playing around with this then new thing called Ruby on Rails. And the funny thing about it is when people learn new programming languages, usually you write, after you write Hello world, you try to write a little bit of an application that has some complexity to it. 
Well, the first app I wrote Ruby on Rails was New Relic. And it monitored itself. So, this was really started off as really me just trying out a new technology and because my background is in application performance management, I’ve been doing it for 13 years now, I ended up building something that now is used by all these companies. But at the beginning it was just a research experiment.
So, the first lines of code were written in between rounds at golf in August of ’07. But I got serious with it when I had a prototype that was kind of meaningful and interesting to some people in the Rails community. In about November, December, got a Series A term sheet from a good friend of mine, Peter Fenton , over at Benchmark. I’ve worked with Peter before my last company. He’s an excellent VC, and so we decided to try to make a company out of this, and so I raised Series A in January of ’08 and we launched in June of ’08. So, really, we got to market pretty fast after we decided to make a business out of this. 
Matthew: Are there any unique metrics or social proof about New Relic that you’d like to share with our audience?
Lew: Sure. Well, I’ve mentioned a number of people using the product and that’s obviously important. We collected an enormous amount of application performance data. We measure the performance of two billion page reviews a week across thousands of websites. The likes of which include Groupon, Airbnb, Zynga, as well as more established companies, like Comcast or AT&T. 
We collect over 22, 24 billion metrics a day of the performance of these web applications because we’ve got our code sitting inside, every Java process, every PHP process, every Python process. And sending hundreds of metrics continually to say this is how long the database time took. Or this is how long the page rendering time took and many open more granular metrics than that. So, being to collect tens of billions of performance metrics a day and be able to show that information to our customers so that up to the minute they can say how fast is my site now and how is that occasional time breaking down.
And being to do that really fast while you’re collecting so much data at the same time is no small technical feat. Let’s see what are some other pretty impressive things? So, we support those 12,000 customers with one support rep. And how do we do that? Well, and they get timely support, too. I mean, their questions are answered, etc. So, there’s sort of, how does that happen? Well, we’ve been pretty disciplined about building software that not only works, but is easy for the customer to operate on their own. 
Again, kind of like the inspiration in the iPhone where you don’t need to call technical support to activate your iPhone most of the time. We’re trying to do that for enterprise software. And if we have way too many support cases, then the first question we ask is why isn’t the product easier for people to use without having to call support? Not, why don’t we hire a hundred more support reps?
We also put engineers on a good number of the support cases. So, our dedicated support rep does handle the inbound requests but works directly with engineers and our engineers would rather be running code. So, it’s further incentive for them to write high quality code that is easier for the end user to use without having to contact support. And that’s a way to incent our engineers to keep doing what they love doing. And also, when they’re on support tickets when you’re hearing from the engineer who owns the product as an end customer, you tend to have a better experience with support. Because you’ve got very technical answers to your questions and the customers are very technical.





 








Podcast: Play in new window
 | Download






Subscribe to our Newsletter







Tweets by @FounderLY





Search for:



 

 

 




Pages About UsAbout Us
Spread the Word
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Usage Policy
 


 FounderLY Photos   


Press Mentions #1  


 

Press Mentions #2  


 
 





 
 




      Copyright © 2017 FounderLY. 


 
















 Lew Cirne - New Relic 1 of 2 - FounderLY







































View on iTunes
YouTube channel
Subscribe
Follow us Become a fan 

About Us
Collaborate with Us
Request Interview
 







 





Featured
Consumer
Enterprise
Mobile
Media
Steve Blank’s Corner
Events
Blog
 
 





 



Share this post

 Tweet this!
HackerNews
Share on Technorati!
 Share on Facebook!
 Google Buzz!
 Share on LinkedIn!
 Digg it!
 Add to Delicious!
Reddit
 Stumble it
 Subscribe by RSS

 
 
Print PDF
 


Lew Cirne – New Relic 1 of 2
Posted by tony on  November 14, 2011 1:39 pm



 

              "The arc of development as a founder is learning how to delegate and trust others." New Relic is a cloud-based web app performance management service. 
              

 Webpage:  www.newrelic.com  
 Blog:  blog.newrelic.com  
 Twitter: @newrelic, @sweetlew 


  Watch:  Part 1,  Part 2 









Matthew: Hi, this is Matthew Wise at FounderLY. We empower entrepreneurs to have a voice and share their story with the world, enabling others to learn about building products and starting companies. It is with great pleasure that I’m here today with Lewis Cirne who is the founder of New Relic. Over 12 thousand companies use New Relic to monitor the performance of their web apps. With that said, Lew, we’d love for you to give our audience a brief bio.
Lew: Sure. My name is Lew Cirne. I’ve been in software ever since ’82 when my mom bought me a VIK20, and she said she hasn’t seen me since. But I’ve always been a passionate technologist who loves building software. It started off professionally at Apple in ’93 in between the tenures of Steve Jobs. So, I learned a lot about building products that people love. But got the bug for being an entrepreneur, I think just by being in Silicon Valley in the early ’90s. 
So, in ’98 I founded my first company called Wily Technology. And Wily is the first company in now a very large market called web application performance management. And Wily is a leading company in that space providing visibility and performance monitoring for live production web applications. And Wily was acquired in 2006 by CA, a company sometimes known as Computers Associates. And that was a great successful outcome for all the stakeholders, and Wily continues to do great business for large enterprises today in monitoring production websites. 
New Relic is my do-over at the same problem space. Learning everything I learned in my first startup and the eight years I put into that. I thought, what can we do to address web applications performance today? And focus on a new model that is delivered as a service rather than on-premise software. Supporting newer applications in frameworks running in the Cloud and running on languages like Ruby on Rails or PHP or Python as well as Java and dotnet. And being just a lot easier to use. So, you hear a lot about consumerization of IT, and in my mind that primarily means software that’s easy to use that you don’t want to inflict pain upon people when they have to open up their enterprise software applications.
So, we try to build software that our customers fall in love with and want to buy without even having to talk to a sales rep. And New Relic is basically succeeding very well in that model. And as you mentioned in the beginning, we now have over 12,000, I think about 12,500 customers using our software to keep their web applications fast.
Matthew: What makes New Relic unique? Who’s it for, and why are you so passionate about it?
Lew: Well, I think what makes it unique is, we’ve got software that a developer can get up and running with in literally a couple of minutes. And instantly have visibility that they had honestly didn’t think was even possible. So, by installing a little bit of code provided by us, we call it our agent, just installing that library inside the web application and then restarting that web application on its server, within a minute you’re going to see deeply how fast your app is running, and what is the code that is contributing to any performance problems you might have.
It’s like x-ray vision for your live web app. And what amazes our customers is just how easy it is to get going and how little pain is involved in setting up or seeing the data making sense of the data and making your website faster. That’s why we’ve got such strong business tractions because the product delivers so much value that people just try it out and they like it, and they want to become paying customers.
Matthew: What are some of the technology and market trends that currently exist, and where do you see things developing in the future for your space?
Lew: Well, there are a couple of big trends that are exciting to me. Obviously, virtually everybody is talking about Cloud computing and for good reason. The fact that people can get infrastructure on demand at any moment in time allows them to rapidly roll out web applications and not have to think about procuring servers, etc. And the layer above that platform is a service that’s obviously very interesting as well if you look at companies like Salesforce’s Heroku acquisition or EngineYard or what VMware is doing. And while there is, at least, 20 players now doing platform as a service, basically what that’s saying is the application server is really going in the way of history and is being replaced by live platform as a service.
All this means is that people who can write software have fewer and fewer barriers to publishing that software immediately and scaling it as needed. But what’s in the way is the visibility in the performance monitoring that tells them whether or not their application is actually servicing the end user, whether there are performance problems and when to add more capacity and what you need to do to make your site service the demands that your customers are putting on it.
That’s where we come in. So, virtually every platform is a service provider integrates with New Relic, provides New Relic to the end customers. For example, we have thousand of Heroku customers using us to monitor their applications running with either Ruby or in Java or we just announced Python last week. We can go through the list of all, virtually all of the platforms of the service providers who provide that as well.
There’s a second trend that I’ll speak to briefly and that is that you know, kudos have to go to Salesforce for really pioneering the whole idea of software as a service, and businesses shouldn’t be wasting their time and resources managing software. They should be pursuing their business objectives. And if you look at why Cloud computing is so popular, it’s because people could just get the infrastructure they need right away. 
Well, the same should be true for your monitoring software. If you want resources to be available right away and you don’t want to  worry about installing machines to run your application, then you certainly don’t want to be installing software to monitor your application. You don’t want to be delayed in launching your application because you’ve got to install and maintain the monitoring software. You want that to be just as available and ready to use as your infrastructure on demand is.
And so, we think that providing application monitoring as a SaaS model and we’re the first company to do it and by far the dominant leader. That’s really a game changer. It means that people can just focus on running their business not managing their management software.
Matthew: We covered your background and a review of your market. We’d love to get into the story of how New Relic started, as I understand you’re a single founder.
Lew: Right.
Matthew: How is like to be a single founder, and how did you know you wanted to start New Relic?
Lew: Sure. Sure. Well, really to answer that you’ve got to first take into perspective my first company that I was also the sole founder of Wily Technology. So, I’ve always been a passionate technical person, but I had a broader set of interests than that. When I was an undergrad I had a computer science degree, but I also pursued classical studies. I almost double majored in CS as well as the likes of Latin and Greek. So that breadth of interest, I think, led me to wanting to be involved beyond just the core technology and to really thinking about what does it take to build a successful business.
And Wily was a great learning experience along the way for that. I was learning on the job as a first time manager and CEO there. I brought in a professional CEO after the company was about 40 or 50 people in four years into the job and moved to a CTO role. And that was great and a wonderful experience. After Wily was acquired and that was for about $375 million, it was the largest acquisitions CA has done in the last ten years. So, there’s certainly no regrets about how Wily turned out. 
I took a year off, and I asked myself what would I do different learning everything I’ve learned? And there are a few key things that I’ve learned. One was in the first time around, like almost all enterprise software companies, when you’re selling a product for hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars, you end up often modifying your product almost for every customer that you bring on because they’re paying such a large ticket price for the software. 
You try to accommodate the requests, and what you end up doing is just continuously modifying the product until it becomes not very cohesive. And you’re trying to serve all, everybody. And in the process you do a mediocre job of just being good at core. Whereas prices are designed for tens of thousands of customers instead of a few hundred customers have to be scaled and therefore simple to use.
 So, my inspiration actually for New Relic was, this was just after the iPhone came out, and the iPhone was the first phone that I had ever seen where you could set it up in the comfort of your own phone, in the comfort of your own home, I should say. You didn’t have to go inside the AT&T store, wait for somebody to press a bunch of cryptic keys and install a sim card and go away behind the desk and come back to you and say, OK your phone is ready.
Because Apple invested in how does somebody take it out of the box and fall in love with the product without any help. And I said, I thought to myself, enterprise software should be that way, too. We shouldn’t need to hire people to go on-site to our customers to tell them how to get going with the software. The software should educate the customer on their own. If we don’t have to hire all those people to go on-site to educate the customer, we could, in effect, reduce the cost of sales and reduce the price of the product.
So, we can build a better product like the iPhone was better than its predecessors, but we can distribute it for less money. And therefore, we could reduce prices by 90% and still have a more profitable company. And that was where the whole combination of technology, product and business model got me really excited about New Relic.
Matthew: From idea to product launch, how long did that take, and when did you actually launch New Relic?
Lew: It’s pretty funny that story, just a sec. I started working on New Relic really when I was taking that year off. And honestly, I was just looking for something interesting to do when I wasn’t golfing or playing around with my daughter, who was only one at the time. And so, I just got curious about technology again, and I started playing around with this then new thing called Ruby on Rails. And the funny thing about it is when people learn new programming languages, usually you write, after you write Hello world, you try to write a little bit of an application that has some complexity to it. 
Well, the first app I wrote Ruby on Rails was New Relic. And it monitored itself. So, this was really started off as really me just trying out a new technology and because my background is in application performance management, I’ve been doing it for 13 years now, I ended up building something that now is used by all these companies. But at the beginning it was just a research experiment.
So, the first lines of code were written in between rounds at golf in August of ’07. But I got serious with it when I had a prototype that was kind of meaningful and interesting to some people in the Rails community. In about November, December, got a Series A term sheet from a good friend of mine, Peter Fenton , over at Benchmark. I’ve worked with Peter before my last company. He’s an excellent VC, and so we decided to try to make a company out of this, and so I raised Series A in January of ’08 and we launched in June of ’08. So, really, we got to market pretty fast after we decided to make a business out of this. 
Matthew: Are there any unique metrics or social proof about New Relic that you’d like to share with our audience?
Lew: Sure. Well, I’ve mentioned a number of people using the product and that’s obviously important. We collected an enormous amount of application performance data. We measure the performance of two billion page reviews a week across thousands of websites. The likes of which include Groupon, Airbnb, Zynga, as well as more established companies, like Comcast or AT&T. 
We collect over 22, 24 billion metrics a day of the performance of these web applications because we’ve got our code sitting inside, every Java process, every PHP process, every Python process. And sending hundreds of metrics continually to say this is how long the database time took. Or this is how long the page rendering time took and many open more granular metrics than that. So, being to collect tens of billions of performance metrics a day and be able to show that information to our customers so that up to the minute they can say how fast is my site now and how is that occasional time breaking down.
And being to do that really fast while you’re collecting so much data at the same time is no small technical feat. Let’s see what are some other pretty impressive things? So, we support those 12,000 customers with one support rep. And how do we do that? Well, and they get timely support, too. I mean, their questions are answered, etc. So, there’s sort of, how does that happen? Well, we’ve been pretty disciplined about building software that not only works, but is easy for the customer to operate on their own. 
Again, kind of like the inspiration in the iPhone where you don’t need to call technical support to activate your iPhone most of the time. We’re trying to do that for enterprise software. And if we have way too many support cases, then the first question we ask is why isn’t the product easier for people to use without having to call support? Not, why don’t we hire a hundred more support reps?
We also put engineers on a good number of the support cases. So, our dedicated support rep does handle the inbound requests but works directly with engineers and our engineers would rather be running code. So, it’s further incentive for them to write high quality code that is easier for the end user to use without having to contact support. And that’s a way to incent our engineers to keep doing what they love doing. And also, when they’re on support tickets when you’re hearing from the engineer who owns the product as an end customer, you tend to have a better experience with support. Because you’ve got very technical answers to your questions and the customers are very technical.





 








Podcast: Play in new window
 | Download






Subscribe to our Newsletter







Tweets by @FounderLY





Search for:



 

 

 




Pages About UsAbout Us
Spread the Word
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Usage Policy
 


 FounderLY Photos   


Press Mentions #1  


 

Press Mentions #2  


 
 





 
 




      Copyright © 2017 FounderLY. 


 
















Lewis Cirne, New Relic Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Lewis "Lew" Cirne

CEO/Founder,
New Relic Inc






Career History




CEO/Founder
New Relic Inc, 2/2008-PRESENT


Founder
Wily Technology Inc, PRESENT


Partner:Strategic Limited
Four Rivers Group, PRESENT


CTO/Founder
Wily Technology Inc, 2001-2006


CEO/Founder
Wily Technology Inc, 1998-2001


Entrepreneur
Benchmark Capital Holdings Co LLC, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.newrelic.com






Corporate Information
Address:

188 Spear Street
Suite 1200
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States


Phone:
1-650-777-7600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.newrelic.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Dartmouth College
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science








Memberships



Board Memberships




New Relic Inc


Board Member, 2/2008-PRESENT






Other Memberships




Thrive Foundation for Youth


Board Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data














































Lewis Cirne: Life is Too Short for Bad Software [Entire Talk] | Stanford eCorner















































×
Sign in to eCorner




Sorry, you need to be signed on to use this feature. Don't have an eCorner account? Sign up now!




Email





Password







 Remember Me




Forgot password?





Sign in




or




 Sign in with Google




Don't have an eCorner account? 
                            
Sign up now.










×
Create an eCorner account




With an eCorner account, you can build and share playlists and receive updates on the latest eCorner content.




First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





Create a password*



Confirm password*





Select your profile*


Entrepreneur
University Student
University Faculty
University Staff
Industry - Engineering & Science
Industry - Business
Venture Capital
Law & Accounting
Foundation
Other





We suppose you're not a robot*
                              	






Sign Up




or




 Sign Up with Google












×
Welcome to the new Stanford eCorner! 
Same great content, with a brand new experience.










Enjoy thousands of videos, podcasts and articles on entrepreneurship and innovation topics.
Responsive design for improved viewing, search, and filtering on all devices.
Sign-up for an account to curate and embed playlists of your favorite media.





Please share your feedback. We would love to know about your experience!


















Life is Too Short for Bad Software [Entire Talk]

		       
			        Lewis Cirne, New Relic







 Share





×
 Share this video




Social








Link





Embed









 Add to collection
 Like









Loading video...








Lew Cirne, founder and CEO of New Relic, discusses his experiences as a serial entrepreneur, in conversation with Stanford Engineering Professor Tom Byers. Cirne talks about finding one's strengths as a leader, the challenge of discovering a company's second act, and why the best engineers must possess real empathy for the users of their products.


Oct 29, 2014
 Download Transcript










More from this event












The Humanist Engineer

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

2
									min













Knowing Your Leadership Role

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

2
									min













Make the Work Your Reward

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

2
									min













Protecting People's Time

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

2
									min













A Smoother Business Model

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

3
									min













Complete Openness with Investors

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

2
									min













Pulling Off a Second Act

									Lewis Cirne, New Relic

2
									min









Load More












2 min

The Humanist Engineer

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic












2 min

Knowing Your Leadership Role

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic












2 min

Make the Work Your Reward

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic












2 min

Protecting People's Time

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic














3 min

A Smoother Business Model

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic












2 min

Complete Openness with Investors

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic












2 min

Pulling Off a Second Act

								Lewis Cirne, New Relic











 
  











More on this topic












A Healthy Respect for Innovation [Entire Talk]

									Sue Siegel, GE

62
									min













Seek Out Excellence

									Michael Moritz, Sequoia Capital; Lisa Sugar, Popsugar

1
									min













Three Necessities for Start-up Success

									Marc Andreessen, Serial Entrepreneur

2
									min













Shaping Serendipity

									John Seely Brown, Deloitte Center for Edge Innovation

2
									min













The Power of Persistence and Inspiring Others

									Tina Seelig, Stanford Technology Ventures Program

2
									min













Company Missions Matter

									Andy Kurtzig, JustAnswer

2
									min













Pruning the Rotten Apples

									Bob Sutton, Stanford University

4
									min













How North American Search Companies Faltered in China

									Robin Li, Baidu

5
									min













The Co-Founder Working Relationship 

									Kevin Systrom, Instagram; Mike Krieger, Instagram

3
									min













Centralized Versus Distributed Teams

									Jocelyn Goldfein, Facebook

3
									min













Context Switching is Not Easy

									John Lilly, Greylock Partners

1
									min













Design Flaws in Programs Targeting Women

									Sharon Vosmek, Astia

3
									min









Load More












62 min

A Healthy Respect for Innovation [Entire Talk]

								Sue Siegel, GE












1 min

Seek Out Excellence

								Michael Moritz, Sequoia Capital; Lisa Sugar, Popsugar












2 min

Three Necessities for Start-up Success

								Marc Andreessen, Serial Entrepreneur












2 min

Shaping Serendipity

								John Seely Brown, Deloitte Center for Edge Innovation














2 min

The Power of Persistence and Inspiring Others

								Tina Seelig, Stanford Technology Ventures Program












2 min

Company Missions Matter

								Andy Kurtzig, JustAnswer












4 min

Pruning the Rotten Apples

								Bob Sutton, Stanford University












5 min

How North American Search Companies Faltered in China

								Robin Li, Baidu














3 min

The Co-Founder Working Relationship 

								Kevin Systrom, Instagram; Mike Krieger, Instagram












3 min

Centralized Versus Distributed Teams

								Jocelyn Goldfein, Facebook












1 min

Context Switching is Not Easy

								John Lilly, Greylock Partners












3 min

Design Flaws in Programs Targeting Women

								Sharon Vosmek, Astia











 
  













Learn

Videos
Podcasts
Articles
Contributors





About

Team
FAQ
Contact
Terms of Use
Feedback





More











eCorner Newsletter
Subscribe to receive our monthly email of entrepreneurial insights.




Subscribe

























 


 






Lewis Cirne, CEO and Founder, New Relic


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Lewis Cirne



CEO and Founder
at
New Relic


Location: Brisbane, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Lewis Cirne



CEO and Founder
at
New Relic


Location: Brisbane, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Lewis Cirne is the founder and CEO of New Relic, recently funded Software as a Service company focused on providing application performance management solutions for over 35,000 customers. The company is funded by Benchmark Capital, Insight Ventures, T Rowe Price, Allen & Company.
Prior to New Relic, Mr. Cirne was an entrepreneur in residence at benchmark. He founded Wily Technology in 1998, built the company into a market leader in web application performance management, and invented its flagship product, Introscope.
Mr. Cirne served as Wily’s president and CEO until 2001, and then as CTO, leading the company through eight years of consistent sales growth and its 2006 acquisition by CA, Inc.
Lew still codes prototypes of new New Relic products, and has raised over $115M for his company.



2

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Custom Computer Programming Services




Tags
SaaS, Application Performance, Cloud Computing, Web Performance




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A







































Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Lewis CirneCareer (2)






Jan-2008




New Relic



CEO and Founder












Computer Associates Intl Inc



CTO








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Lewis CirneEducation






1993



Dartmouth College












 Edit



Lewis CirneAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Lewis Cirne






 Edit
View all 



Lewis CirneLinks (4)








How Lewis Cirne Manages his time (May-2013)
Source: techcrunch.com
Wed, May 29, 2013 by Anonymous user 

Share









Lewis Cirme focuses his time leading a team of 4 people developing the new generation of products for NewRelic (May-2013)
Source: blogs.wsj.com
Thu, May 23, 2013 by Anonymous user 

Share









Wily Technology - Interview with Lewis Cirne & Henry McCance - Harvard Business School - Video - Supplement
Source: www.hbs.edu
Thu, May 23, 2013 by Anonymous user 

Share









Lewis Cirne - CrunchBase Profile
Source: www.crunchbase.com
Thu, May 23, 2013 by Anonymous user 

Share













Lewis CirneInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Lewis Cirne









Lewis CirneInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Lewis Cirne








Lewis CirneRelated People








Colleagues at New Relic







Darren Cunningham

VP, Portfolio Marketing
Oct-2016









Hilarie Koplow-McAdams

President
Oct-2015









Jim Gochee

Chief Product Officer
Aug-2015









John Gray

Senior Vice President
Feb-2015












View all 



Lewis CirneRecommended Market Profiles (9)








Vertical Big Data Analytics Platform (Misc)

10,000 or More employees
47 companies








Big Data Operations

2,500 - 5,000 employees
9 companies








Web & Mobile Analytics (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
56 companies








Web Dev (ChiefMartec.com)

2,500 - 5,000 employees
14 companies








Operational Intelligence (The BigData Group)

2,500 - 5,000 employees
5 companies








ChiefMartec Billion Dollar Club

10,000 or More employees
33 companies


















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    

Lewis Cirne: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:19 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of New Relic, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Lewis   Cirne  CEO, Founder & Director, New Relic, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships47$658,776As of Fiscal Year 2017
Background

		Mr. Lewis Cirne, also known as Lew, founded New Relic, Inc. in 2008 and has been its Chief Executive Officer since February 2008. Mr. Cirne serves as a Strategic Limited Partner at The Four Rivers Group. He served as Entrepreneur in Residence of Benchmark Capital since February 15, 2008. He served as Advisor of Pano Logic, Inc. He founded Wily Technology Inc. in 1998 and served as its Chief Technology Officer where he was responsible for sharing with customers and partners ... Wily Technology's vision of bringing enterprise class performance management to the Java platform. Mr. Cirne is a widely cited expert in enterprise application performance and availability. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Wily Technology until October 2001. He takes a leading role in the future technological development of Wily Technology and its products, with the goal of extending the services offered by Wily to customers deploying high-performance e-business solutions. Prior to founding Wily, Mr. Cirne held senior technical positions at Apple Inc. and Hummingbird Ltd. He is a seasoned entrepreneur, technologist and enterprise software pioneer. He has been focused on application performance management for more than 10 years. He has been a Director of New Relic, Inc. since February 2008. He served as Director of Wily Technology, Inc. He holds an A.B. in Computer Science from Dartmouth College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
188 Spear StreetSan Francisco, California 94105United StatesPhone: 650-777-7600Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentCEO, Founder & DirectorNew Relic, Inc.
Education
BA Dartmouth College
Other Affiliations
BenchmarkApple Inc.Hummingbird Ltd.Wily Technology, Inc.Dartmouth CollegePano Logic, Inc.The Four Rivers Group


Annual Compensation
Salary$315,000Total Annual Compensation$315,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$2,000Exercisable Options$417,083Exercisable Options Value$8,400,052Unexercisable Options$297,917Unexercisable Options Value$6,000,048Total Value of Options$14,400,100Total Number of Options$715,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$658,776Total Short Term Compensation$315,000Other Long Term Compensation$2,000Total Calculated Compensation$658,776




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationAnil K. Singhal Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentNetScout Systems, Inc.$325.0KMichael P. Gregoire CEO & DirectorCA, Inc.$1.0MDouglas   Merritt Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSplunk Inc.$450.0KRonald S. Nersesian Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorKeysight Technologies, Inc.$968.8KMargaret C. Whitman CEO & Executive DirectorHewlett Packard Enterprise Company$1.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact New Relic, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












