 



Citadel












Heineken Coachella

Our Commitment
Our Technologies
Industries Served
Our Brands
Our Locations
Our Team
Contact














helping our customers
make better products
We are leading the future of compounded plastic materials.  We excel in creating unique solutions for our customers inelectrical, agriculture and automotive, healthcare andhousewares, and everything in between.  At Citadel, we offer unparalleled breadth and depth of knowledge, technology, and operational agility, expanding the boundaries of materials and technologies. 




our brands

BMC  
MATRIXX
LUCENT
ACLO
FIBERFIL
QTR
tetra-DUR
PREMIX
QUANTUM


BMC  

Founded in 1979, BMC is the leading global supplier of high-quality thermoset engineered composites to a wide range of industries.
Through its expansion in Europe, Asia, and Latin America, BMCI has become the world leader in thermoset engineered composites manufacturing. BMCI maintains important long-standing relationships with key customers in the electrical, automotive, and appliance industries.

www.bulkmolding.com 


MATRIXX

Founded in 1984, Matrixx is a leading supplier of thermoplastic compounds with a focus on providing excellent customer service and quality while maintaining highly efficient, low cost operations. Matrixx has earned an outstanding reputation in the plastics industry.
Representing a diverse group of industries, Matrixx customers include manufacturers of power tools, applications, electrical equipment, automotive parts, HVAC components and construction materials.




LUCENT

Founded in 1997, Lucent Polymers has become one of the leading suppliers of high quality, low cost recycled and value-added compounds to customers throughout the United States and world.
We focus a large amount of our human capital into the development and formulation of materials that meet unique physical properties. As a result, we help our customers to develop sustainable products for new applications and new markets better than the competition can.

www.lucentpolymers.com 


ACLO

Founded in 1964, Aclo Compounders operated as a local compounder serving the needs of regional molders. Aclo was sold to Mitsubishi in 1986. This move allowed the company to fulfill its potential and develop the capability to compete on a more international level.
In 1990, Idemitsu Chemicals (USA) joined forces with Mitsubishi as a shareholder in the company and paved the way for Aclo to break into underserved markets. Their involvement with Aclo has opened doors for further business outside of Canada and into new markets including automotive.

www.aclocompounders.com 


FIBERFIL

For almost 60 years, the name Fiberfil has been synonymous with thermoplastics compounding. Founded in 1952 by Rex Bradt, Fiberfil blazed a new trail and pioneered the plastics compounding industry. Fiberfil was the first company to incorporate glass fiber and other reinforcements into thermoplastics.
Fiberfil’s plant in Stoney Creek, Ontario has been in operation since 1970. Citadel acquired Fiberfil's assets in September 2009.




QTR

QTR’s QR Resins are a line of reprocessed, engineering-grade thermoplastics. QR Resins are manufactured using a combination of post-industrial regrind and unsold and widespec virgin material that would otherwise end up in a landfill, so you can be confident that your company is making an environmentally-friendly purchase. And when you see that the prices of QR Resins are lower than those of comparable virgin products, your company can be confident that you’re making a budget-friendly purchase as well.

www.customcompounding.com 


tetra-DUR

Founded in 1986 Foundation Tetra-Dur is a leading supplier of high-quality thermoset engineered composites to a wide range of industries.  As part of the BMCI group Tetra-Dur focuses on the EU markets and maintains important long-standing relationships with key customers in the electrical, automotive, and appliance industries.

www.tetradur.com 


PREMIX

Founded in 1959, Premix is considered one of the founders of the thermoset composites industry.
Premix formulates and produces a variety of thermoset compounds, offers diverse molding capabilities, and delivers forward-thinking research and development initiatives throughout diverse markets, including electrical, transportation, safety and security, energy, HVAC, and more. A longstanding industry partner, Premix has established a reputation for its exceptional customer service and technical support.

www.premix.com 


QUANTUM

Founded in 1983, Quantum Composites develops and manufactures high-performance fiberglass and carbon fiber composite compounds.
Notably, Quantum’s Engineered Structural Composites® (ESC®) include carbon or glass reinforcement in epoxy, vinyl ester and polyester, phenolic, BMI and polyimide resin matrices. ESC materials provide exceptional properties for 3-D compression molded structures, delivering creative solutions for myriad applications in the aerospace, automotive, defense, medical, safety, energy and industrial markets.

http://www.quantumcomposites.com 










industries
served

We service these industries. Select a category to learn more

Appliances
Automotive & Transportation 
Building & Construction
Consumer
Electrical & Electronics
Food Service
Home & Garden
Healthcare
Industrial
Oil and Gas





At Citadel, we have been supplying the appliance industry with innovative compounds since our inception. We work closely with OEM’s and part suppliers to offer materials that meet the demanding requirements that are often associated with complex design as well as the rigorous compliance standards consumers have come to expect in their home.  




Citadel is a leading material compounder of polymer solutions to the automotive and transportation industries. We are well known for our forward lighting systems, connectors, tubing, and interior and under the hood material innovations. Notably, our sustainable material is helping to meet the growing needs of transportation providers that are looking for green solutions.  




Through our partnerships, we have worked with world-class manufacturers to provide materials for products used in diverse applications from shutters to siding and concrete to carpets. Our ability to supply materials that are competitively engineered allows us to be a key player in the ongoing improvement of the products these industries use. 




Citadel’s material portfolio is ideal for the diverse world of the consumer industry. Each consumer market segment has its own material challenges and with our wide range of thermoset and thermoplastic materials we are able to offer more materials than nearly any polymer supplier in the market today. As global leader in engineered composites, polypropylene and engineered thermoplastics compounding, we are a sure fit to make your consumer goods better. 




Citadel is a global leader in flame retardant compounds and our industry knowledge has lead electronic OEM’s to our door for years. We’ve optimized our reach with field technical support at processors, and have engaged regulatory specialists to offer one of the most expedient systems for custom electronics applications. Although we offer a leading portfolio of compliant materials we also appreciate the opportunity to customize materials that meet your high demands. 




MicroPURE is a heat, stain and scratch resistant molding material that is available in all colors, granite and marble looks. Safe in microwave, conventional and convection ovens (up to 400° F), MicroPURE complies with all major international food contact regulations. MicroPURE is today's answer to health conscious food delivery and storage. 




Citadel’s reach in the home and garden market is extensive. We are well known for our work in the process of replacing metal with alternative materials that meet the demanding requirements of lawn and garden equipment. We have the ability to meet the heat, solvent and mechanical properties associated with conventional materials while offering customized solutions that span brand colors and make economic sense.  




Citadel offers multiple polymer compounds that are used in healthcare applications. We provide solutions for hazardous material containment and metal replacement with both engineered composites and thermoplastics. Materials that offer diverse compounds are one of our specialties. We provide customer solutions to meet the rigors associated with the evolving healthcare industry. 




Citadel has an extensive material portfolio and comprehensive ability to optimize polymer compounds that reach desired requirements. This makes us ideally placed to develop solutions for industrial applications that touch climate controls, energy, HVAC, fluid handling, petroleum, water filtration, sludge and even mining systems and components. 




As some of the world's leading nations develop their oil and gas production, Citadel is here to offer innovative material solutions that replace conventional materials and systems historically used in this industry. Already a leading provider of engineered composites in the oil and gas industries, we offer a material that holds properties at temperatures over 160 degrees Celsius while resisting the harsh environment of drilling well beneath the earth’s surface. 






technology
Forward-thinking and ever-changing, our innovative technology differentiates the broad Citadel product offerings. Citadel is dedicated to exploring and refining technologies that will help streamline, strengthen and improve our customers’ products.
Thermoplastics
A category of plastic that melts when heated and then sets to a solid state when cooled.  Thermoplastics can be processed using a wide array of techniques, including injection molding, compression molding, blow molding, sheet and profile extrusion, etc.   A broad set of polymer types and modification technologies allow a wide range of mechanical and thermal properties.  Thermoplastics are remoldable, recyclable, and weldable.
Citadel Plastics Thermoplastics Technologies Provide:>  Comprehensive menu of base polymers, including Polypropylene, Polycarbonate, Nylon, Polyesters, Styrenics, Polyethylene, and alloys>  Broad portfolio of Underwriters Laboratories listings, including an extremely wide array of UL94-5VA rated materials and flame retardant polypropylenes>  Extensive capabilities for customization of performance characteristics through modification technologies,.>  Post industrial and  post consumer recycle options available in many product families.>  Full Color Capabilties


Engineered Composites
A category of plastics that is dough-like in format and is cured to shape using single injection or compression methods in heated molds.  Thermoset composites are exceptionally rigid, heat resistant and can be recycledCitadel Plastics Engineered Composites Technologies Deliver:>  Excellent Physical Property/Cost Ratio>  Global Automotive Specifications>  Broad Underwriters Laboratories Recognition>  Full Color Capabilities >  Food Contact/Microwave Safe Grades






management team
Expertise, strong leadership and visionary thinking.


Mike Huff
Gregory Knipp
Kevin Andrews
Mario Sandoval
Amy Rodgers
Jason Jimerson
Dennis Loughran





MIKE HUFF
Chief Executive Officer
With over 30 years of plastics industry experience, including 21 years at GE leading the High Performance and Polyester business units, Mr. Huff brings a deep operating background to Citadel. Most recently, Mike spent 4 years at Johns Manville leading Global Reinforcements and Operations for the Insulation Group.





corporate structure

Alongside management, HGGC of Palo Alto, California, and Boston-based Charlesbank Capital Partners are the primary owners of Citadel Plastics.HGGC (formerly Huntsman Gay Global Capital) is a Palo Alto, California-basedmiddle market private equity firm. HGGC invests in diverse businesses,leveraging networks of relationships and providing hands-on operational expertise to harness each company’s full growth potential. 

The firm is currently investing out of a $1.1B Fund and seeks to partner with strong management teams and founders to build companies capable of generating sustainable growth.  With years of collective deal and operational experience, HGGC brings best practices from private equity and global corporations to help middle market businesses in a wide range of industries outperform the market. For more information, visit www.hggc.com. for HGGC contact
Joy HayameExternal Relations Manager650-321-4910media@hggc.com



Charlesbank Capital Partners,is a middle market private equity investment firm managing more than $2 billion of capital. Charlesbank focuses on management led buyouts and growth capital financings, typically investing $50 million to $150 million per transaction in companies with enterprise values of $100 million to $750 million. The firm seeks to partner with strong management teams to build companies with sustainable competitive advantages and excellent prospects for growth.
For more information, visit www.charlesbank.com

                            for Charlesbank Capital Partners contact                        

                            Maura Turner                        

                            Vice President of Communications                        

                            617-619-5457                        


More Information about Citadel
Citadel Plastics - Expanding Possibilities 
Huntsman Gay Global Completes Investment
Citadel unifies it's Brand with new a Logo & Website














thermoplastic compounding
Evansville, Indiana (7)












engineered composites
West Chicago, Illinois












thermoplastic compounding
Bedford, Virginia












thermoplastic compounding
Houston, Texas












engineered composites
Perrysburg, Ohio












thermoplastic compounding
Guelph, Ontario 












engineered composites
Hamburg, Germany













engineered composites
Dongguan, China












engineered composites
Shanghai, China












engineered composites
Mexico City, Mexico












engineered composites
Juarez, Mexico












engineered composites
Rio Claro, Brazil









locations
Citadel operates 17 manufacturing locations in the North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. 


North America

                            Evansville, Indiana (7)                            thermoplastic compounding


                            West Chicago, Illinois                            engineered composites


                            Bedford, Virginia                            thermoplastic compounding


                            Houston, Texas                            thermoplastic compounding


                            Perrysburg, Ohio                            engineered composites


                            Guelph, Ontario                             thermoplastic compounding




Europe

                            Hamburg, Germany                            engineered composites







Asia

                            Dongguan, China                            engineered composites


                            Shanghai, China                            engineered composites




Latin America

                            Mexico City, Mexico                            engineered composites


                            Juarez, Mexico                            engineered composites


                            Rio Claro, Brazil                            engineered composites







Contact.
At Citadel, we plan to align with companies that provide complementary products and services. By aligning your interests with Citadel Plastics, you’ll gain the ability to grow a business that’s better equipped to navigate in an increasingly competitive global market.
If you’re a profitable company with a strong management team, proven track record, solid, ongoing customer relationships and a desire to align interests through an equity investment — we want to hear from you.

Engineered Composites
Give us a call888-665-3262 

Thermoplastics
Give us a call800-873-7527 

Sales
Email us atsales@citadelplastics.com 

Customer Services
Email us atcservice@citadelplastics.com 

Human Resources
Email us atcareers@citadelplastics.com 

Press
Email us atpress@citadelplastics.com 




Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2014 CitadelPlastics.com. All rights reserved.




































Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























citadel plastics holdings inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Manufactured Goods
Sub-Industry: Rubber & Plastic
Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, manufactures thermoplastic compounds and thermoset resins. Citadel Plastics Holdings markets its products to healthcare, construction, agriculture, automotive, and consumer goods manufacturing industries worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

1600 Powis Court
West Chicago, IL 60185
United States


Phone:
1-888-665-3262


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.citadelplastics.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Kevin Andrews


President:Thermoplastics




Fran Zappitelli


President:Thermosets




Gregory T Knipp "Greg"


VP:Finance/Controller




Mario Sandoval


VP:Global Operations




Amy Rodgers


VP:Human Resources







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 11:23 AM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and distributes thermoplastic compounds and thermoset resins. It offers custom compounded products, including polypropylene, polyethylene, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, nylon, polycarbonate, polybutylene terephthalate, polyethylene terephthalate, and alloys. The company also provides plastic compounds and concentrates. Its products are used in large and small appliances, house wares, healthcare products, automotive, agriculture, indoor and outdoor lighting, home and garden, industrial and household electrical, construction, power tools, HVAC, and recreation and leisure. The company was founded in 2007 and is base...
HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and distributes thermoplastic compounds and thermoset resins. It offers custom compounded products, including polypropylene, polyethylene, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, nylon, polycarbonate, polybutylene terephthalate, polyethylene terephthalate, and alloys. The company also provides plastic compounds and concentrates. Its products are used in large and small appliances, house wares, healthcare products, automotive, agriculture, indoor and outdoor lighting, home and garden, industrial and household electrical, construction, power tools, HVAC, and recreation and leisure. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in West Chicago, Illinois with manufacturing locations in Evansville, Indiana; West Chicago, Illinois; Bedford, Virginia; Houston, Texas; Perrysburg, Ohio; Guelph, Ontario; Hamburg, Germany; Istanbul, Turkey; Dongguan and Shanghai, China; Mexico City and Juarez, Mexico; and Rio Claro, Brazil. As of June 1, 2015, HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of A. Schulman, Inc.
Detailed Description


1600 Powis CourtWest Chicago, IL 60185United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 630-377-1065

Fax: 630-377-7395

www.citadelplastics.com







Key Executives for HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Michael W. Huff


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Mario Sandoval


      	Vice President of Global Operations
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Fran Zappitelli


      	President of Thermosets
      








Ms. Amy Rodgers


      	Vice President of Human Resources
      








Mr. Gregory T. Knipp


      	Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10x Technology LLC United States 20/20 Custom Molded Plastics,Ltd. United States 21st Century Plastics Corporation United States 2N2, Inc. United States 4th Generation Resins, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc., please visit www.citadelplastics.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























  
    
    Citadel Plastics Holdings sold to A. Schulman :


  CompositesWorld
























































Go





















 ☰ 
⌕













Citadel Plastics Holdings sold to A. Schulman





















      The compounds group, formerly owned by private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank, will now be owned by plastics supplier A. Schulman.





            News Post: 3/16/2015










Related Suppliers


The Composites Group (Premix/Hadlock Plastics/Quantum Composites)



Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. (West Chicago, IL, US), a global provider of thermoplastic and engineered composite compounds, announced on March 16 that its owners, private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners, have entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Company to global plastics supplier A. Schulman (Fairlawn, OH, US). The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2015.
Citadel, acquired by HGGC and Charlesbank in 2012, is an Illinois-based provider of comprehensive composite materials solutions operating 21 production facilities in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. The company offers a broad portfolio of proprietary compounds to diverse customers spanning multiple industries including transportation, industrial, construction, consumer, electrical, energy, healthcare and safety.
During HGGC and Charlesbank's ownership, and in partnership with Citadel management, the company has significantly expanded its capabilities, geographic reach and customer base through both organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Citadel added Lucent Polymers in 2013 and The Composites Group ("TCG") in late 2014. The combination of these businesses accelerated the evolution of Citadel into an industry leader with more than 1,300 customers and over 2,000 active products that have grown revenues 70 percent since the initial investment.
"The management team and I are extremely proud of the tremendous growth and expansion that has taken place at Citadel over the past three years," says Mike Huff, CEO of Citadel. "Working closely with HGGC and Charlesbank, we have built a much stronger business that is well-positioned for continued success in partnership with A. Schulman."

For more information, visit www.citadelplastics.com.


















News

N12 Technologies, UDRI partner for high-volume production of NanoStitch  


Large-format 3D printer builds carbon fiber-reinforced submarine


Composites cluster funded in Rhode Island


MC-21 engine nacelle approved by aerospace consultancy


People on the move: July 2017 















































Zones
Blog
Magazine
SourceBook

Products
Events
News
Webinars






SITE MAP
Subscribe
Contact
About CW
Advertise


Social Media

  
      YouTube

  
      Twitter

  
      Facebook






Channel Partners

• Plastics Technology Magazine  
            
• Modern Machine Shop Magazine  
            
• MoldMaking Technology Magazine  
            
• Additive Manufacturing Magazine  
            



    Copyright © Gardner Business Media, Inc. 2017 
  All rights reserved.







Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc                                                                                            - Fairlawn                                          , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Fairlawn



Holding Companies, Nec



Investment Holding Companies, Except Banks



                            Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3637 RIDGEWOOD RD FAIRLAWN, OH 44333
Get Directions



(330) 666-3751
www.citadelplastics.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2015
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $208,543,337.00
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Investment Holding Companies, Except Banks
 Contacts Bernard Rzepka                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Citadel Plastics Holdings Inc                                                                                            is located at 3637 Ridgewood Rd in Fairlawn and has been in the business of Investment Holding Companies, Except Banks since 2015. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Citadel Plastics Holdings Acquisitions | Mergr





































        Acquired by 
                                                    A. Schulman, Inc. (Company)
                    
        on 
            2015-03-16        




Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.

                                                        1600 Powis Court, 
                    
                    West Chicago,  
                    Illinois 60185 
                    United States, 
                                            (630) 377-1065 
www.citadelplastics.com 







 


 
 
 







        Profile
    



        Investors (6)




        M&A Activity (3)




        Acquisitions (3)




        M&A Connections (3)




        M&A Advisors (2)




        Analytics
    
 
 
 
 





Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. is a composite plastics company that produces thermoset and thermoplastic compounds for specialty product applications in the automotive, electrical, construction, HVAC, and appliance markets.
 






M&A Summary


Buy vs Sell





Year 

                                              ≤ '12                                            

                                              '13                                            

                                              '14                                            

                                              '15                                            

                                              '16                                            

                                              '17                                            
T





                                            Buy (0.4/yr)


                                            #
                                          
1
1
1
-
-
-

                                            3                                          



                                            Sell (0.0/yr)


                                            #
                                          
-
-
-
-
-
-

                                            0                                          





                                             
                                          

                                            3                                          














Top M&A Advisors




                                            Financial
                                        

Deals







Sign-up to View



                                            1









                                            Legal
                                        

Deals







Sign-up to View



                                            1





Deal Values



 Buy 
 # 
 TOTAL 





 > $1B 


Sign-up to View




 $100M to $1B 


Sign-up to View




 < $100M 


Sign-up to View






TOTAL


Sign-up to View








 Sell 
 # 
 Total 





 > $1B 


Sign-up to View




 $100M to $1B 


Sign-up to View




 < $100M 


Sign-up to View






Total


Sign-up to View









 
 




Company Summary

SECTOR
Plastics
Established
2007
 

Investor History





2015-03-16
Add-on Acquisition

800M USD


                                                A. Schulman, Inc.                                              



                                                HGGC, LLC                                              
PE



                                                Babson Capital Management                                              
PE



                                                Charlesbank Capital Partners                                              
PE









2012-03-01
Secondary Buyout



                                                HGGC, LLC                                              
PE



                                                Babson Capital Management                                              
PE



                                                Charlesbank Capital Partners                                              
PE



                                                PNC Mezzanine Capital                                              
PE



                                                Wind Point Partners                                              
PE









2007-03-01
Buyout (LBO, MBO, MBI)



                                                PNC Mezzanine Capital                                              
PE



                                                Wind Point Partners                                              
PE








 
 
 

 




Citadel Plastics Holdings was acquired by A. Schulman on March 16, 2015.
                Citadel Plastics Holdings has acquired 4 companies of its own, including 3 in the last 5 years. A total of 3 acquisitions came from private equity firms.
 Citadel Plastics Holdings has acquired in 2 different US states. The Company’s most targeted sectors include building materials (34%) and chemicals (34%).
When analyzing the plastics sector as a whole, according to Mergr, in the last 3 years, there are 49 plastics companies that have made at least 1 acquisition, and 2 have acquired at least 5 companies. The most prolific strategic plastics acquirer over the past 3 years is RPC Group, with 7 acquisitions. The most prolific private equity acquirer in the plastics sector over the past 3 years is Arsenal Capital Partners, Inc. with 2 platform acquisitions.

Join Mergr and gain access to Citadel Plastics Holdings’ M&A summary, the M&A summaries of companies just like it, as well as recent M&A activity in the plastics sector.
                

What's Mergr?







 Mergr, the Easiest-to-Use PE and M&A DB



Key Benefits

Stay informed on events in your industry
M&A research that takes seconds (not all afternoon)
Better understand your customers and prospects
Discover active buyers (or sellers)



Search

3.1K Private Equity Firms
109K M&A Transactions
119K Companies Involved in M&A 
                            (Buyer, Seller, or Target)
2.6K M&A Advisors
                            (Investment Banks and Law Firms)
38K M&A Contacts 
                            (PE and M&A Advisors)




Ready to try?

Get Started


                    Just $150/month
Month to month. Cancel anytime.




 
 










Product


Pricing 
Browse 
Docs 




Company

About 
Contact 
Blog 




Legal

Terms
Privacy





































A.Schulman Announces Acquisition of Citadel Plastics | A.Schulman




















A. Schulman Announces Intended Acquisition of Citadel, a leading North American Specialty Engineered Plastics Company












Our Announcement








A. SCHULMAN ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF CITADEL ACQUISITION
The transaction is expected to be accretive in Company’s fiscal 2016
Akron, Ohio – June 1, 2015 – A. Schulman, Inc. (Nasdaq: SHLM), a leading international supplier of high-performance plastic compounds, powders and resins, announced today that it has completed the previously announced acquisition of HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. (“Citadel”), a portfolio company of private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners, for $800 million. A. Schulman expects the transaction to be accretive in the first 12 months of ownership and to realize approximately $25 million in synergies within the next 18 months. 
“We are thrilled to add Citadel to our portfolio of highly specialized businesses, and welcome the talented group of associates to the A. Schulman team,” said Bernard Rzepka, president and chief executive officer of A. Schulman. “With significant revenue in the United States, Citadel greatly enhances our regional scale and efficiencies, as well as balances our current global geographic footprint. Citadel also provides a strong entry point to our ‘Expanded Vision’ initiative by adding a second strategic growth platform to our organization with its industry-leading, value-added specialty engineered composites business.” 
“The Citadel team is very excited to become an important part of A. Schulman,” said Mike Huff, chief executive officer of Citadel. “We are confident that our history of growth and innovation will only be enhanced by our new partnership with A. Schulman and we thank HGGC and Charlesbank for their support in helping us reach this new phase of our business.” 
Since 2010, A. Schulman has been executing a deliberate acquisitive growth strategy to aggressively grow in key geographic regions and expand the Company’s global specialty product portfolio and capabilities. The Citadel acquisition builds upon this successful strategy, and provides our customers with an extended, value-added product offering. 
HSBC Securities (USA), Inc. acted as exclusive M&A advisor to A. Schulman, Inc. in connection with this transaction. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated served as financial advisors. Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP served as A. Schulman’s outside legal counsel in connection with the acquisition, Jones Day served as legal counsel in connection with the 2015 Senior Notes and the Convertible Special Stock, and Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease LLP served as legal counsel in connection with the Credit Facilities. 
About Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc.
Based in West Chicago, IL, Citadel is a leading North American specialty engineered plastics company that produces thermoset composites and thermoplastic compounds for specialty product applications spanning multiple industries including transportation, industrial & construction, consumer, electrical, energy and healthcare & safety. Citadel has approximately 1,200 employees and operates 21 manufacturing facilities throughout the world, including 10 thermoplastic facilities in the United States and Canada, and 11 thermoset composite plants comprising seven in North America, two in Mexico, one in Germany, one in Brazil, and a joint venture consisting of two plants in China. 
About A. Schulman, Inc.
A. Schulman, Inc. is a leading international supplier of high-performance plastic compounds and resins headquartered in Akron, Ohio. Since 1928, A. Schulman has been providing innovative solutions to meet its customers' demanding requirements. A. Schulman's customers span a wide range of markets such as packaging, mobility, building & construction, electronics & electrical, agriculture, personal care & hygiene, sports, leisure & home, custom services and others. A. Schulman employs approximately 3,900 people and has 42 manufacturing facilities globally. A. Schulman reported net sales of approximately $2.5 billion for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014. Additional information about A. Schulman can be found at www.aschulman.com.

A. SCHULMAN ANNOUNCES INTENDED ACQUISITION OF CITADEL, A LEADING NORTH AMERICAN SPECIALTY ENGINEERED PLASTICS COMPANY

Almost doubles U.S. revenue, thus balancing our global geographic footprint
Provides new growth platform with industry-leading, high-margin specialty thermoset composites business
Moves product portfolio further into high-value-added specialty markets with enhanced services and products to customers
The transaction will be accretive in Company’s Fiscal 2016

Akron, Ohio – March 16, 2015 – A. Schulman, Inc. (Nasdaq-GS: SHLM), a leading international supplier of high-performance plastic compounds, powders and resins, announced today that it has executed a definitive agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of privately held Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. (“Citadel”), a portfolio company of private equity firms HGGC and Charlesbank Capital Partners, for $800 million. Based in West Chicago, IL, Citadel is a leading North American specialty engineered plastics company that produces thermoset composites and thermoplastic compounds for specialty product applications spanning multiple industries including transportation, industrial & construction, consumer, electrical, energy and healthcare & safety. In 2014, Citadel had approximately $525 million of pro-forma revenue (giving effect to their recent acquisition) and pro-forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (“EBITDA”) of approximately $75 million.

The deal, which is subject to standard closing conditions, is expected to close in the third quarter of the Company’s fiscal 2015. Due to the timing of the deal in relationship with A. Schulman’s fiscal year end of August 31, it is not expected to be accretive in the Company’s fiscal 2015, but is expected to be accretive in the first 12 months of ownership. The Company anticipates achieving approximately $25 million in synergies within 18 months of closing, driven primarily by sourcing activities and plant efficiency actions. 
“Today’s announcement marks a significant strategic milestone as we continue to transform the Company beyond plastic compounding into a premier specialty plastics organization,” said Bernard Rzepka, president and chief executive officer of A. Schulman. “In early 2014, we communicated our Expanded Vision which defined target areas to drive growth for A. Schulman beyond our traditional space. Citadel provides us a unique opportunity to enhance our future growth paths for A. Schulman. 
“Citadel enhances our thermoplastics platform and will create a more attractive and sustainable business by regionally extending our thermoplastic portfolio in areas such as flame retardants and thermoplastic blends,” stated Rzepka. “Likewise, Citadel will expand our customer-centric service and product development capabilities. With significant revenue in the U.S., Citadel enhances our regional scale and efficiencies, as well as balances our current geographic footprint.
“Citadel provides a solid foundation in the composite business with a diverse set of capabilities to jumpstart our Expanded Vision initiative by adding a second growth platform to our organization with its industry-leading, added-value specialty thermoset composites business,” added Rzepka.
Established in 2007, Citadel has quickly become an industry leader in multiple attractive, niche applications, including: high performance auto structural, electrical power distribution, downhole oil & gas components, and medical patient transport systems. The company’s expertise in material science enables it to deliver customized application-specific solutions with a wide range of performance properties, as well as an unmatched array of technical and formulation capabilities. The company has 1,200 employees and operates 21 manufacturing facilities throughout the world, including 10 thermoplastic facilities in the United States and Canada, and 11 thermoset composite plants comprising seven in North America, one in Germany, one in Brazil, and a joint venture consisting of two plants in China.
“Citadel has enjoyed long-time relationships with an impressive and diverse list of blue-chip OEM customers,” said Rzepka. “Key to its success over the years has been its extensive product development capabilities, which have resulted in more than 7,000 unique formulations and 2,000 active products, totaling over $500 million in potential annual revenue with a win rate that is best in the industry. 
“Their product offering not only enhances our existing portfolio, but presents attractive expansion opportunities in other fast-growing sectors such as aerospace, medical, LED lighting and oil & gas. Through this acquisition our portfolio becomes more highly specialized, which will enable us to better serve our customers,” Rzepka said.
The Company intends to fund the transaction with a new capital structure that will consist primarily of long-term debt and senior unsecured notes.
“We are excited to become an important part of A. Schulman and expect the transition to be seamless for customers,” said Mike Huff, chief executive officer of Citadel. “Over the years, A. Schulman has proven itself to be a preferred industry leader that understands how to unlock the growth potential of strategic assets through effective integration and marketing. We look forward to maximizing our full potential as an integral part of A. Schulman.”
Since 2010, A. Schulman has been executing a deliberate acquisitive growth strategy to aggressively grow in key geographic regions and expand the Company’s product portfolio. During this time, the Company successfully completed ten acquisitions and three joint ventures, which contributed 30% of sales and approximately 40% of adjusted operating income to fiscal 2014.
HSBC Securities (USA), Inc. acted as exclusive financial advisor to A. Schulman, Inc. in connection with this transaction. Squire Patton Boggs LLP acted as legal advisor to the Company.
Conference Call on the Web
A live Internet broadcast of A. Schulman’s conference call regarding the acquisition of Citadel can be accessed at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Monday, March 16, 2015, on the Company’s website, www.aschulman.com.  An archived replay of the call will also be available on the website.
About A. Schulman, Inc.
A. Schulman, Inc. is a leading international supplier of high-performance plastic compounds and resins headquartered in Akron, Ohio. Since 1928, the Company has been providing innovative solutions to meet its customers' demanding requirements. The Company's customers span a wide range of markets such as packaging, mobility, building & construction, electronics & electrical, agriculture, personal care & hygiene, sports, leisure & home, custom services and others. The Company employs approximately 3,900 people and has 42 manufacturing facilities globally. A. Schulman reported net sales of approximately $2.5 billion for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2014. Additional information about A. Schulman can be found at www.aschulman.com.


Announce Information
Jennifer K. Beeman
Director of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations
3637 Ridgewood Road
Fairlawn, Ohio 44333
Phone: 330-668-7346
Email: Jennifer_Beeman
@us.aschulman.com
http://www.aschulman.com













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














citadel holdings inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Citadel Bulldogs Products - Officially Licensed Everything



Ad
 ·
www.fanatics.com/​NCAA/​Citadel



Buy Citadel Bulldogs Products Here! The Citadel Bulldogs Fan Shop.





New Arrivals



GameDay Gear




Deals & Steals



Team Accessories





Searches related tocitadel holdings inc



citadel capital holdings


citadel services inc


citadel holdings makati



virtual citadel inc


citadel stock




Web Results

:: CITADEL HOLDINGS :: Connecting Capital & Ideas

www.citadel.com.ph


Macromedia Flash Required ENTER | SKIP INTRO : Macromedia Flash Required ENTER | SKIP INTRO



Skip Intro



Enter



Contact Us



About Citadel



Citadel Holdings Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../0341960D:PM-citadel-holdings-inc


Company profile & key executives for Citadel Holdings Inc (0341960D:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


CITADEL HOLDINGS INC - MIAMI, FL - Company Information

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/citadelholdingsinc-miami...


Find the CITADEL HOLDINGS INC business profile in MIAMI, FL at DandB.com. Explore the Credibility Review Business Directory to learn more.


Citadel Holdings Inc. - DE, FL, MD, NC, NV, UT, and WA ...

https://www.bizapedia.com/us/citadel-holdings-inc.html


There are 7 companies that go by the name of Citadel Holdings Inc. in Baltimore MD, Charlotte NC, Edmonds WA, Las Vegas NV, Miami FL, Salt Lake City UT, and ...


Citadel

citadelplastics.com


Citadel is dedicated to exploring and refining technologies that will help streamline, strengthen and improve our customers’ products. Thermoplastics.


Citadel Holdings, Inc. in Makati, Philippines | FindTheCompany

listings.findthecompany.com/l/273299290/Citadel-Holdings-Inc-in...


Citadel Holdings, Inc. is a holding company located in Makati, Philippines. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Citadel Holdings Inc Phone Number | Contact Citadel ...

https://nextcaller.com/phone-number/citadel-holdings-inc-customer...


Citadel Holdings Inc customer service phone number. Citadel Holdings Inc customer support number is powered by Next Caller, skip the hold line on your next call.


Citadel Holdings, Inc. in Charlotte, NC | Company Info ...

https://www.bizapedia.com/nc/citadel-holdings-inc.html


Discover Company Info on Citadel Holdings, Inc. in Charlotte, NC, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent.


Citadel – Leading Investors in the World’s Financial Markets

https://www.citadel.com


Citadel employs a diverse range of global strategies to bring capital to its fullest potential and deliver consistent investment returns to our clients.










Citadel Bulldogs Products - Officially Licensed Everything



Ad
 ·
www.fanatics.com/​NCAA/​Citadel



Buy Citadel Bulldogs Products Here! The Citadel Bulldogs Fan Shop.





New Arrivals



GameDay Gear




Deals & Steals



Team Accessories




Searches related tocitadel holdings inc



citadel capital holdings


citadel services inc


citadel holdings makati



virtual citadel inc


citadel stock




12345Next






Answers







Rogelio Singson



from 2010 to 2016. Early life Before joining the Cabinet of President Aquino, he served in various senior positions such as Senior Vice President for...

more






Citadel Broadcasting



Citadel Broadcasting Corporation was a Las Vegas, Nevada-based broadcast holding company. Citadel owned 243 radio stations across the United States and...

more






WABCO Holdings, Inc.



WABCO Holdings, Inc. is a provider of electronic braking, stability, suspension and transmission automation systems for heavy duty commercial vehicles....

more










citadel holdings inc News






ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc.



NASDAQ Front Page

 - Jul 26


Company Description (as filed with the SEC) The following discussion of our business contains "forward-looking statements," as discussed in Part II, Item 7 below. Our business, operations and...

more





GNC Holdings, Inc.



NASDAQ Front Page

 - 1 hr ago


*Data is provided by Barchart.com. Data reflects weightings calculated at the beginning of each month. Data is subject to change. Company Description (as filed with the SEC) GNC Holdings, Inc....

more





Supporteen Youth, Inc. holds fundraiser for mentoring program



ABC - WTVM 9 - Columbus GA News,...

 - Jul 21


COLUMBUS, GA (WTVM) – Supporteen Youth, Inc. held a fundraiser Thursday at Jason's Deli to help raise money for outings and outreach. The program is a mentoring program for children ages 8 and up...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













Plastic T Molding for the arcade game and entertainment industry since 2000 at T-Molding.com.










menu displaysearch display








T-Molding is a plastic molding edging used on a variety of products, such as tables, counter tops, and boats.  Specializing in arcade games and other entertainment industry items, including poker tables and slot machines, T-Molding.com has been providing t molding to the gaming industry for over 16 years.


Jul 25th: Now carrying Pushbuttons & Joysticks!
Apr 13th: Now Available - Woodgrain t-molding!
New Colors available in 1/2" and 5/8"!
Orders placed by 10am Eastern (M-F) ship that day!
T-Molding: SmoothT-Molding By ColorT-Molding: LED and ELFlat Trim: Flexible
Featured Products




3/4" Green T-Molding3/4" Green T-Molding6Average rating:This Green t-molding was made to match Happ Controls' Green pushbuttons.  This 3/4in green t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.50 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *









3/4" Orange T-Molding3/4" Orange T-Molding3Average rating:This orange t-molding was made to match the shade of orange of original Pac-Man arcade game t-molding.  This 3/4in orange t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.50 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *









3/4" Pink T-Molding3/4" Pink T-Molding2Average rating:This pink t-molding was made to match the shade of shade of Pink on Ms Pac-Man arcade game control panel overlays.  This 3/4in pink t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.50 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *









3/4" Purple T-Molding3/4" Purple T-Molding3Average rating:This purple t-molding was made to match Happ Controls' Purple Competition pushbuttons. This 3/4in purple t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.50 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *






View Products By Detail ListView Products By Image
Our Best Sellers:

3/4" Black T-Molding3/4" Black T-Molding35Average rating:This 3/4in black t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.37 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *







3/4" Chrome T-Molding3/4" Chrome T-Molding8Average rating:This 3/4" chrome t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.

Do you need 22-25ft for a poker table?  See this product hereStarting Price $0.65 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *







3/4" White T-Molding3/4" White T-Molding23Average rating:This 3/4in white t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.37 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *







3/4" Red T-Molding3/4" Red T-Molding21Average rating:This 3/4in red t-molding is priced per foot, and will ship as one continuous piece of molding up to 250ft long.Starting Price $0.37 per foot
* Quantity Discounts Available *



























Sports Apparel, Jerseys and Fan Gear at Fanatics.com Sports Shop















































Top of Page

Skip to Top Navigation
Skip to Main Content




                 
            

































Track Order

Help

             
            Rewards


 

My Account









Hi  


My Account
Sign Out




                FanCash $0.00
            









0$0.00

























Search for:
Search Submit



Search
























































 























Main Content


 












































North Carolina
Michigan
Alabama
Ohio State
Florida State
Clemson
All Teams





Cowboys
Patriots
Raiders
Steelers
Packers
Seahawks
All Teams





Yankees
Cubs
Red Sox
Dodgers
Cardinals
Giants
All Teams





Warriors
Cavaliers
Celtics
Spurs
Lakers
Bulls
All Teams





Predators
Penguins
Rangers
Blackhawks
Ducks
Capitals
All Teams





Earnhardt Jr.
Elliott
Johnson
Harvick
Busch
Truex Jr.
All Drivers

























 







Back to Campus

Back to Campus Shop
Back to School Shop
College Backpacks
College School Supplies
College Dorm Bedding and Decor
College Preseason Polos
College Gameday Dresses
Florida CWS Champs Apparel




Warriors 2017 Champions Gear

NBA Finals Champions Merchandise
Golden State Warriors Champs Apparel
Warriors Champions Hats
Warriors Champions Tees
Warriors Champions Hoodies
Warriors Champions Memorabilia
Steph Curry Jerseys
Kevin Durant Jerseys
Klay Thompson Jerseys




Top MLB Gear

Aaron Judge Jerseys
Chicago Cubs Gear
Boston Red Sox Apparel
NY Yankees Gear
LA Dodgers Apparel Shop
Houston Astros Apparel
Braves Gear
Chicago Cubs Gold Jerseys
Jose Quintana Cubs Jerseys



Popular Sports Searches

Pittsburgh Penguins Championship Gear
Pride Shirts
Fidget Spinners
Lonzo Ball Jerseys
Cristiano Ronaldo Jerseys
Lionel Messi Jerseys
Manchester United Jerseys
Real Madrid Shop
Romelu Lukaku Jersey







Sports Apparel and Fan Gear from Fanatics.com
Fanatics isn't just our name. It's who we are—loyal, passionate fans, dedicated to our favorite teams and to the sports we love. That's why we're honored to be able to offer fans the world's largest collection of official sports apparel from all the leagues, teams and players you love. From the latest and most popular Fan Gear including specialty Jerseys and team issued T-Shirts to popular Coaches Polos and Sideline Hats, our Team Shop is a one-stop destination for fan apparel. We feature a wide selection of gear from every league, including NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, and NCAA merchandise, which allows us to serve fans of football, baseball, hockey, basketball, lacrosse, soccer, golf, and everything else that gets your heart pumping. At Fanatics, we're more than just a sport store, we're fans who have been there through the biggest upsets and the most epic moments, and we cherish the opportunity to share new unforgettable memories with the people we care about. Celebrate your pride and passion with us, where you can always find sports merchandise that'll have you wearing your heart on your sleeve. 





































Customer Service


Help
Track My Order


Flat Rate Shipping






Size Chart




Gift Cards




Worry Free Shopping
Customer Testimonials


Safe Shopping






365-Day Returns















Information


About Us




Affiliate Program
Fanatics Rewards
Corporate Info
Careers
Volume Sales



Get the apps




 

























 



 





Follow Us

Facebook
YouTube
Pinterest
Twitter
Google+
Blog












 


Secure Shopping






















Payment Options





Privacy Policy |
				Interest-Based Advertising |
				Terms of Use |
				Site Map

©2017 Fanatics, Inc., All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of Fanatics, Inc.

















                 
            









Skip to Top of Page


























 































 









































 



Citadel












Heineken Coachella

Our Commitment
Our Technologies
Industries Served
Our Brands
Our Locations
Our Team
Contact














helping our customers
make better products
We are leading the future of compounded plastic materials.  We excel in creating unique solutions for our customers inelectrical, agriculture and automotive, healthcare andhousewares, and everything in between.  At Citadel, we offer unparalleled breadth and depth of knowledge, technology, and operational agility, expanding the boundaries of materials and technologies. 




our brands

BMC  
MATRIXX
LUCENT
ACLO
FIBERFIL
QTR
tetra-DUR
PREMIX
QUANTUM


BMC  

Founded in 1979, BMC is the leading global supplier of high-quality thermoset engineered composites to a wide range of industries.
Through its expansion in Europe, Asia, and Latin America, BMCI has become the world leader in thermoset engineered composites manufacturing. BMCI maintains important long-standing relationships with key customers in the electrical, automotive, and appliance industries.

www.bulkmolding.com 


MATRIXX

Founded in 1984, Matrixx is a leading supplier of thermoplastic compounds with a focus on providing excellent customer service and quality while maintaining highly efficient, low cost operations. Matrixx has earned an outstanding reputation in the plastics industry.
Representing a diverse group of industries, Matrixx customers include manufacturers of power tools, applications, electrical equipment, automotive parts, HVAC components and construction materials.




LUCENT

Founded in 1997, Lucent Polymers has become one of the leading suppliers of high quality, low cost recycled and value-added compounds to customers throughout the United States and world.
We focus a large amount of our human capital into the development and formulation of materials that meet unique physical properties. As a result, we help our customers to develop sustainable products for new applications and new markets better than the competition can.

www.lucentpolymers.com 


ACLO

Founded in 1964, Aclo Compounders operated as a local compounder serving the needs of regional molders. Aclo was sold to Mitsubishi in 1986. This move allowed the company to fulfill its potential and develop the capability to compete on a more international level.
In 1990, Idemitsu Chemicals (USA) joined forces with Mitsubishi as a shareholder in the company and paved the way for Aclo to break into underserved markets. Their involvement with Aclo has opened doors for further business outside of Canada and into new markets including automotive.

www.aclocompounders.com 


FIBERFIL

For almost 60 years, the name Fiberfil has been synonymous with thermoplastics compounding. Founded in 1952 by Rex Bradt, Fiberfil blazed a new trail and pioneered the plastics compounding industry. Fiberfil was the first company to incorporate glass fiber and other reinforcements into thermoplastics.
Fiberfil’s plant in Stoney Creek, Ontario has been in operation since 1970. Citadel acquired Fiberfil's assets in September 2009.




QTR

QTR’s QR Resins are a line of reprocessed, engineering-grade thermoplastics. QR Resins are manufactured using a combination of post-industrial regrind and unsold and widespec virgin material that would otherwise end up in a landfill, so you can be confident that your company is making an environmentally-friendly purchase. And when you see that the prices of QR Resins are lower than those of comparable virgin products, your company can be confident that you’re making a budget-friendly purchase as well.

www.customcompounding.com 


tetra-DUR

Founded in 1986 Foundation Tetra-Dur is a leading supplier of high-quality thermoset engineered composites to a wide range of industries.  As part of the BMCI group Tetra-Dur focuses on the EU markets and maintains important long-standing relationships with key customers in the electrical, automotive, and appliance industries.

www.tetradur.com 


PREMIX

Founded in 1959, Premix is considered one of the founders of the thermoset composites industry.
Premix formulates and produces a variety of thermoset compounds, offers diverse molding capabilities, and delivers forward-thinking research and development initiatives throughout diverse markets, including electrical, transportation, safety and security, energy, HVAC, and more. A longstanding industry partner, Premix has established a reputation for its exceptional customer service and technical support.

www.premix.com 


QUANTUM

Founded in 1983, Quantum Composites develops and manufactures high-performance fiberglass and carbon fiber composite compounds.
Notably, Quantum’s Engineered Structural Composites® (ESC®) include carbon or glass reinforcement in epoxy, vinyl ester and polyester, phenolic, BMI and polyimide resin matrices. ESC materials provide exceptional properties for 3-D compression molded structures, delivering creative solutions for myriad applications in the aerospace, automotive, defense, medical, safety, energy and industrial markets.

http://www.quantumcomposites.com 










industries
served

We service these industries. Select a category to learn more

Appliances
Automotive & Transportation 
Building & Construction
Consumer
Electrical & Electronics
Food Service
Home & Garden
Healthcare
Industrial
Oil and Gas





At Citadel, we have been supplying the appliance industry with innovative compounds since our inception. We work closely with OEM’s and part suppliers to offer materials that meet the demanding requirements that are often associated with complex design as well as the rigorous compliance standards consumers have come to expect in their home.  




Citadel is a leading material compounder of polymer solutions to the automotive and transportation industries. We are well known for our forward lighting systems, connectors, tubing, and interior and under the hood material innovations. Notably, our sustainable material is helping to meet the growing needs of transportation providers that are looking for green solutions.  




Through our partnerships, we have worked with world-class manufacturers to provide materials for products used in diverse applications from shutters to siding and concrete to carpets. Our ability to supply materials that are competitively engineered allows us to be a key player in the ongoing improvement of the products these industries use. 




Citadel’s material portfolio is ideal for the diverse world of the consumer industry. Each consumer market segment has its own material challenges and with our wide range of thermoset and thermoplastic materials we are able to offer more materials than nearly any polymer supplier in the market today. As global leader in engineered composites, polypropylene and engineered thermoplastics compounding, we are a sure fit to make your consumer goods better. 




Citadel is a global leader in flame retardant compounds and our industry knowledge has lead electronic OEM’s to our door for years. We’ve optimized our reach with field technical support at processors, and have engaged regulatory specialists to offer one of the most expedient systems for custom electronics applications. Although we offer a leading portfolio of compliant materials we also appreciate the opportunity to customize materials that meet your high demands. 




MicroPURE is a heat, stain and scratch resistant molding material that is available in all colors, granite and marble looks. Safe in microwave, conventional and convection ovens (up to 400° F), MicroPURE complies with all major international food contact regulations. MicroPURE is today's answer to health conscious food delivery and storage. 




Citadel’s reach in the home and garden market is extensive. We are well known for our work in the process of replacing metal with alternative materials that meet the demanding requirements of lawn and garden equipment. We have the ability to meet the heat, solvent and mechanical properties associated with conventional materials while offering customized solutions that span brand colors and make economic sense.  




Citadel offers multiple polymer compounds that are used in healthcare applications. We provide solutions for hazardous material containment and metal replacement with both engineered composites and thermoplastics. Materials that offer diverse compounds are one of our specialties. We provide customer solutions to meet the rigors associated with the evolving healthcare industry. 




Citadel has an extensive material portfolio and comprehensive ability to optimize polymer compounds that reach desired requirements. This makes us ideally placed to develop solutions for industrial applications that touch climate controls, energy, HVAC, fluid handling, petroleum, water filtration, sludge and even mining systems and components. 




As some of the world's leading nations develop their oil and gas production, Citadel is here to offer innovative material solutions that replace conventional materials and systems historically used in this industry. Already a leading provider of engineered composites in the oil and gas industries, we offer a material that holds properties at temperatures over 160 degrees Celsius while resisting the harsh environment of drilling well beneath the earth’s surface. 






technology
Forward-thinking and ever-changing, our innovative technology differentiates the broad Citadel product offerings. Citadel is dedicated to exploring and refining technologies that will help streamline, strengthen and improve our customers’ products.
Thermoplastics
A category of plastic that melts when heated and then sets to a solid state when cooled.  Thermoplastics can be processed using a wide array of techniques, including injection molding, compression molding, blow molding, sheet and profile extrusion, etc.   A broad set of polymer types and modification technologies allow a wide range of mechanical and thermal properties.  Thermoplastics are remoldable, recyclable, and weldable.
Citadel Plastics Thermoplastics Technologies Provide:>  Comprehensive menu of base polymers, including Polypropylene, Polycarbonate, Nylon, Polyesters, Styrenics, Polyethylene, and alloys>  Broad portfolio of Underwriters Laboratories listings, including an extremely wide array of UL94-5VA rated materials and flame retardant polypropylenes>  Extensive capabilities for customization of performance characteristics through modification technologies,.>  Post industrial and  post consumer recycle options available in many product families.>  Full Color Capabilties


Engineered Composites
A category of plastics that is dough-like in format and is cured to shape using single injection or compression methods in heated molds.  Thermoset composites are exceptionally rigid, heat resistant and can be recycledCitadel Plastics Engineered Composites Technologies Deliver:>  Excellent Physical Property/Cost Ratio>  Global Automotive Specifications>  Broad Underwriters Laboratories Recognition>  Full Color Capabilities >  Food Contact/Microwave Safe Grades






management team
Expertise, strong leadership and visionary thinking.


Mike Huff
Gregory Knipp
Kevin Andrews
Mario Sandoval
Amy Rodgers
Jason Jimerson
Dennis Loughran





MIKE HUFF
Chief Executive Officer
With over 30 years of plastics industry experience, including 21 years at GE leading the High Performance and Polyester business units, Mr. Huff brings a deep operating background to Citadel. Most recently, Mike spent 4 years at Johns Manville leading Global Reinforcements and Operations for the Insulation Group.





corporate structure

Alongside management, HGGC of Palo Alto, California, and Boston-based Charlesbank Capital Partners are the primary owners of Citadel Plastics.HGGC (formerly Huntsman Gay Global Capital) is a Palo Alto, California-basedmiddle market private equity firm. HGGC invests in diverse businesses,leveraging networks of relationships and providing hands-on operational expertise to harness each company’s full growth potential. 

The firm is currently investing out of a $1.1B Fund and seeks to partner with strong management teams and founders to build companies capable of generating sustainable growth.  With years of collective deal and operational experience, HGGC brings best practices from private equity and global corporations to help middle market businesses in a wide range of industries outperform the market. For more information, visit www.hggc.com. for HGGC contact
Joy HayameExternal Relations Manager650-321-4910media@hggc.com



Charlesbank Capital Partners,is a middle market private equity investment firm managing more than $2 billion of capital. Charlesbank focuses on management led buyouts and growth capital financings, typically investing $50 million to $150 million per transaction in companies with enterprise values of $100 million to $750 million. The firm seeks to partner with strong management teams to build companies with sustainable competitive advantages and excellent prospects for growth.
For more information, visit www.charlesbank.com

                            for Charlesbank Capital Partners contact                        

                            Maura Turner                        

                            Vice President of Communications                        

                            617-619-5457                        


More Information about Citadel
Citadel Plastics - Expanding Possibilities 
Huntsman Gay Global Completes Investment
Citadel unifies it's Brand with new a Logo & Website














thermoplastic compounding
Evansville, Indiana (7)












engineered composites
West Chicago, Illinois












thermoplastic compounding
Bedford, Virginia












thermoplastic compounding
Houston, Texas












engineered composites
Perrysburg, Ohio












thermoplastic compounding
Guelph, Ontario 












engineered composites
Hamburg, Germany













engineered composites
Dongguan, China












engineered composites
Shanghai, China












engineered composites
Mexico City, Mexico












engineered composites
Juarez, Mexico












engineered composites
Rio Claro, Brazil









locations
Citadel operates 17 manufacturing locations in the North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. 


North America

                            Evansville, Indiana (7)                            thermoplastic compounding


                            West Chicago, Illinois                            engineered composites


                            Bedford, Virginia                            thermoplastic compounding


                            Houston, Texas                            thermoplastic compounding


                            Perrysburg, Ohio                            engineered composites


                            Guelph, Ontario                             thermoplastic compounding




Europe

                            Hamburg, Germany                            engineered composites







Asia

                            Dongguan, China                            engineered composites


                            Shanghai, China                            engineered composites




Latin America

                            Mexico City, Mexico                            engineered composites


                            Juarez, Mexico                            engineered composites


                            Rio Claro, Brazil                            engineered composites







Contact.
At Citadel, we plan to align with companies that provide complementary products and services. By aligning your interests with Citadel Plastics, you’ll gain the ability to grow a business that’s better equipped to navigate in an increasingly competitive global market.
If you’re a profitable company with a strong management team, proven track record, solid, ongoing customer relationships and a desire to align interests through an equity investment — we want to hear from you.

Engineered Composites
Give us a call888-665-3262 

Thermoplastics
Give us a call800-873-7527 

Sales
Email us atsales@citadelplastics.com 

Customer Services
Email us atcservice@citadelplastics.com 

Human Resources
Email us atcareers@citadelplastics.com 

Press
Email us atpress@citadelplastics.com 




Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2014 CitadelPlastics.com. All rights reserved.
























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


