




Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi Hosts Investor Day July 25

							                        The event will feature live audio of presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
Programming Our Future
July 7, 2017

Citi is educating, exciting and empowering young women to learn about careers in technology.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile

























Citi | Contact Us













Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












								Contact Us
							














Have a question about your account? Looking for a specific product? Citi customer service representatives are available to answer your questions and help you find what you need.

Citibank
Citi Cards
Citi Private Bank
Banamex
CitiMortgage

Citi Products
Banking

Savings
Checking
Online Banking
IRAs
Private Banking

Credit Cards

Citi Cards

Loans and Mortgages

Personal Loans
Student Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity
Commercial Real Estate Loans

Bill Payment Services

Online Banking

Cash Management

CitiDirect BE 
Commercial Cards
WorldLink

Transaction Services
Trade Services and Finance
Securities and Fund Services


Have a question about how Citi is organized? Looking for shareholder information? Citi representatives are available to answer your questions and help you learn more about Citi.

About Our Company
Citi Careers
Citi Investor Relations
Media Inquiries



						  	Global Government Affairs
						  	


202-879-6800




Citi Community Development
Citi Foundation
Ethics Hotline
Citi Supplier Diversity

Do you have questions about receiving encrypted email from your Citi representative?

Receiving secure email from Citi
Quick reference guide for transitioning to Citi's new secure email system

Do you have questions about Citi businesses in specific countries or territories? Click on a geographic region below and select a market to learn more about Citi's presence.




Africa




Algeria
Cameroon
Congo, Democratic Republic of
Egypt
Gabon
Ghana
Ivory Coast
Kenya
Morocco
Nigeria
Senegal
South Africa
Tanzania
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia







Asia Pacific




Australia
Bangladesh
Brunei
China, People's Republic of
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kazakhstan
Korea
Macau
Malaysia
New Zealand
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam







Central America & Caribbean




Bahamas
Barbados
Cayman Islands
Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Panama
Puerto Rico
Trinidad and Tobago







Europe




Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom







Middle East




Bahrain
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Qatar
United Arab Emirates







North America




Canada
Mexico
United States







South America




Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Ecuador
Paraguay
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela














Investor Documents

Find them >






Media Documents & Press Releases

Find them >






Annual Report

Find them >














Citi for Cities








Citizenship








Careers









﻿




Citi | Investor Relations | Citigroup Stock - Ticker Symbol C












Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












Investor Relations

                                    Find our investor presentations, annual reports, financial information and news.
                                


















Sign Up for Citi News Alerts

Stockholder Services
Thank you for your interest in Citigroup. Here you will find information and resources for Citigroup common stockholders.




Our Stock



Citigroup common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYX) under the ticker symbol "C." Citigroup stock also has the distinction of being the first international company to be traded on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores - BMV), and is listed under the ticker symbol "C*."  Citigroup preferred stocks Series AA, C, J, K and S are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYX).
View Citi's Stock Split History. For information regarding preferred stock and other capital securities, refer to the Fixed Income Investor Relations section of our site.






Stockholder Assistance



If you are a holder of Citigroup common stock and need assistance with:

Address changes
Dividend information
Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
Registration changes
Replacement of lost, stolen or destroyed certificates
Stock transfer

Please contact our Registrar and Transfer Agent: Computershare Trust Company, N.A. To assist you, representatives are available from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time on Saturdays. You can contact them in the following ways:
By mail:
													Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
													P. O. Box 43078
													Providence, RI 02940-3078
By telephone:
													U.S. toll-free: (888) 250-3985
													Outside the U.S.: (781) 575-4555
													For hearing impaired: (888) 403-9700
													Hearing impaired, outside North America: (781) 575-4592
By email:
shareholder@computershare.com
On Computershare's website, stockholders of record may access their accounts to obtain their share balance, request printable forms and view the current market value of their investment as well as historical stock prices. Just go to www.computershare.com/investor.






Dividend Information



The declaration of dividends depends on many factors and is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Click here to view our Dividend History.
Dividend Checks & Address Changes
Your dividend checks will be sent to your address of record unless you instruct us otherwise. If you would like to have your dividends electronically deposited to your bank or paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars, please contact Computershare for assistance.
If you are a stockholder of record and your address changes, please notify Computershare in writing, by telephone or online. This will ensure that you continue to receive your dividend checks, Annual Meeting and voting materials, as well as other stockholder information in a timely manner. Please give your name as it appears on your account(s), old and new addresses, stock certificate or account number(s). For security reasons, we cannot accept address changes by email.






Warrants Information



Series A Warrants
Series A prospectus
Series A warrant agreement
                        					The following table summarizes the adjustments to the exercise price and the warrant share number for the Series A warrants through the last date indicated in the table. For additional information regarding the adjustments to the Series A warrants, please refer to the above prospectus and warrant agreement.



CWSA (CUSIP: 172967226)
Exercise price
Warrant Shares


Initial Exercise Price
$10.610 
1


Adjustments

 


Reverse Stock Split (10 to 1), 5/6/11
$106.100 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 8/1/16
$105.956 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 11/7/16
$105.825 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 2/6/17
$105.712
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 5/1/17
$105.606
0.10


Series B Warrants
Series B prospectus
Series B warrant agreement
                        					The following table summarizes the adjustments to the exercise price and the warrant share number for the Series B warrants through the last date indicated in the table. For additional information regarding the adjustments to the Series B warrants, please refer to the above prospectus and warrant agreement.



CGBBW (CUSIP: 172967234)
Exercise price
Warrant Shares


Initial Exercise Price
$17.850 
1


Adjustments

 


Reverse stock Split (10 to 1), 5/6/11
$178.500 
0.10









Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP)



Citigroup does not offer an initial direct stock purchase program. Once you are a stockholder of record, you can enroll in our Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) through the Plan administrator, Computershare.

                        					The Citi Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) allows current Citigroup stockholders to reinvest dividends or make optional cash payments in order to directly purchase additional Citigroup common stock. The optional cash payments must be at least $50 and can be up to an aggregate of $120,000 per calendar year.

                        					Registered stockholders and brokers on behalf of their clients are permitted to participate.

                        					The Plan Administrator is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

                        					On their website, www.computershare.com/investor, you can find a summary of the Citigroup DRP, and download the plan prospectus. You can also download and submit an Enrollment Form, change your participation option or update your election online. You will need to register your account first if you have not previously. Once registered, select "Enroll in an Investment Plan."

                        					Or, to request a copy of the prospectus or the Enrollment Form be sent to you, you may contact Computershare by email at shareholder@computershare.com or call them at (888) 250-3985 or (781) 575-4555 (for outside of North America).

                        					If your shares of common stock are registered in a name other than your own (e.g., in the name of a broker or bank nominee) then you should: (1) make arrangements with your bank, broker or other nominee to participate on your behalf, or (2) have your shares re-registered in your own name(s) and then complete the Enrollment Form.

                        				





Annual Reports and Document Requests



The following documents can be downloaded from our website, including Annual Reports (including Form 10-K), Proxy Statements, quarterly reports (10-Q), financial data supplements, press releases, and investor presentations.

                        					If you would like to request an Annual Report (10-K), Proxy Statement or quarterly report (10-Q) in printed form, please email your request, along with your mailing address, to our Document Services department at docserve@citi.com. You can also call them at (716) 730 8055, or toll-free within the U.S. at (877) 936 2737.

                        					Please note that not all of our documents and disclosures are available in printed form from our Document Services department. Please allow 3-4 weeks for processing and delivery.

                        				





Annual Meeting of Stockholders



The Annual Meeting of Stockholders is held during the second quarter each year. A proxy statement and the annual report on Form 10-K will be mailed to you or made available to you electronically.

                        					Information and instructions on attending the meeting are also included in the proxy statement. Past proxy statements and annual reports can be downloaded from our website.

                        					Electronic Delivery of Shareholder Communications
											If you wish to receive proxy materials via email instead of postal mail, please go to www.investordelivery.com and follow the instructions.

                        				





Travelers Information



Citicorp and Travelers Group Merger

                        					On October 8, 1998, Citicorp and Travelers Group merged to become Citigroup Inc. At the time of the merger, Citicorp stockholders received 2.5 Citigroup shares for every 1 share of Citicorp stock they previously owned. Travelers Group stockholders maintained their shares of Travelers Group stock under the Citigroup name.
Spin-off of Travelers Property Casualty Corp.
On August 20, 2002, a total of 219,050,000 shares of class A common stock and 450,050,000 shares of class B common stock of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. (Travelers) were distributed to Citigroup stockholders of record as of the record date:  August 9, 2002.
Citigroup distributed a combination of 0.0432043 of a share of Travelers class A common stock and 0.0887656 of a share of Travelers class B common stock for each outstanding share of Citigroup common stock.
Only whole shares of Travelers class A common stock and Travelers class B common stock were issued. Any Citigroup stockholder entitled to receive a fractional share received a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares.
Figuring the Cost Basis in Citigroup Shares From the Travelers Spin-Off
Generally, for U.S. taxpayers, the cost basis represents the purchase price of your stock. The cost basis in your Citigroup shares just prior to the distribution must be allocated to the Citigroup shares and the Travelers shares so that the total cost basis of your holdings (Citigroup and Travelers, including any fractional shares sold for cash) after the distribution is the same as your cost basis in the Citigroup shares just prior to the distribution.
Click here for Information Regarding Allocation of Tax Basis regarding the distribution of shares of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. to Citigroup stockholders.






Questions?



Please refer to our Frequently Asked Questions.



























About | Citi















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











About Citi
While we're a global bank, our mission is simple: We responsibly provide financial services that enable growth and economic progress

















						Financial Ingenuity & Responsible Finance
					

						Citi works tirelessly to provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial services and products. We strive to create the best outcomes for our clients and customers with financial ingenuity that leads to solutions that are simple, creative and responsible.
					








Citi at a Glance




Consumer Businesses




Institutional Businesses


























Citi | Progress




























Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.



Progress informed by the past, and inspired by the future





















New YorkDiversity


Creating a new home for African American history






Florida, U.S. Ecosystems


Working to help save Florida's Everglades.






Ulan Bator, MongoliaClean Air


Improving air quality through fuel-efficient cookstoves.






L'Aquila, ItalyEducation


Teaming to rebuild following natural disaster.






Mumbai, IndiaCity Services


Providing technology for governments to manage complex systems.






United StatesDiversity


Supporting jobs and affordable vehicles through diversity and inclusion.






United StatesAffordable Housing


Helping rejuvenate urban communities.






Panama City, PanamaTransit


Managing growth by building transportation infrastructure.






Kenya Scaling Agroinnovation


Scaling Agroinnovation: Helping Transform Farming in Africa






South AfricaAffordable Housing


Funding a path to wealth through property ownership.






Lima, PeruWater


Channeling water from the mountains to the city






Mexico City, MexicoHealth Care


Streamlining patients' access to healthcare.



























Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 5:28 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC was formerly known as Salomon International Financial Products LLC. Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC operates as a subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Inc.


1209 Orange StreetWilmington, DE 19801United States



Phone: 212-816-0234








Key Executives for Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC


Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citigroup Global Markets Financial Products LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Citigold® International
















This site requires javascript.











HomeInvestingProducts


Investing







Products

Mutual Funds

A wide choice of mutual funds that invest in equities, fixed income and other asset classes.
Professional management.
Diversification.
Minimum investment level as low as US$1,000.

Fixed Income

A regular stream of income.
Diversify across countries and corporations.

Equities

Access to worldwide stock markets.

Structured Products*

Potential return opportunities with the option of principal protection.
Opportunity to participate in a volatile asset class withlimited exposure to downside risk.

* Not all investments are suitable for all investors.
Advisory Accounts*

Citi Separately Managed Account Program
Citi Multi-Asset-Class Solutions 
Citi Advisor Program 

* Advisory accounts are made available only through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Advisory programs are not designed for excessively traded or inactive accounts and may not be suitable for all investors. Contact your financial professional for more information regarding our advisory programs.


Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against loss. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
											Not all investments are suitable for all investors.
Please click here for important disclosures.











Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 5:28 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides investment banking and securities brokerage services worldwide. The company offers a range of products and services, including fixed income, equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, equity and fixed income research, investment banking and advisory, private banking, cash management, trade finance, and securities services. It serves corporate, institutional, public sector, and high-net-worth clients. The company was formerly known as Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. and changed its name to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. in April 2003. The company was founded in 1960 and is based in New York...
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides investment banking and securities brokerage services worldwide. The company offers a range of products and services, including fixed income, equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, equity and fixed income research, investment banking and advisory, private banking, cash management, trade finance, and securities services. It serves corporate, institutional, public sector, and high-net-worth clients. The company was formerly known as Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. and changed its name to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. in April 2003. The company was founded in 1960 and is based in New York, New York. As of November 28, 1997, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Citigroup Inc.
Detailed Description


388 Greenwich StreetNew York, NY 10013United StatesFounded in 1960



Phone: 212-816-6000








Key Executives for Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.




Mr. James A. Forese


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Cliff Verron


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Reverend Wesley S. Williams Jr., LLD, Esq.


      	Co-Head of European Financial Institutions Business - Citigroup
      


Age: 74
        







Mr. Leonardo Arduini


      	Global Head of Rates Sales
      








Mr. William T. Bozarth


      	Principal Accounting Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. Key Developments

Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. Announces Consolidated Audited Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31, 2016
May 3 17
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. announced consolidated audited earnings results for the full year ended December 31, 2016. For the year, the company reported revenues, net of interest expense of $9,877 million compared with $11,049 million for the same period a year ago. Income before income taxes was $2,179 million compared with $2,481 million for the same period a year ago. Net income was $1,344 million compared with $2,022 million for the same period a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $18,760 million compared with $13,482 million for the same period a year ago.


First Investment Bank Mulls Alternatives
Apr 28 17
First Investment Bank AD (BUL:5F4) is considering multiple strategic alternatives. The company has hired Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. as financial advisor in exploring strategic options of the bank. The options might include strategic partnerships and/or consolidation, a capital increase via a new share issue, or attracting new key investors.


Citigroup Global Seeks Acquisitions
Apr 7 17
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. is seeking possible acquisitions or business expansions.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Citigroup Inc. Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Citigroup Inc. Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.























Citi Markets








































LOGIN
CITI.COM
CONTACT US
PRIVACY














About Us 
Capital Markets Origination
Corporate and Investment Banking
Markets and Securities Services
Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions













Capital Markets Origination














Citi Markets provides world-class products and financing solutions for corporations, governments, and institutional and retail investors through our dominant underwriting, sales and trading, and distribution capabilities.
Our broad product knowledge and on-the-ground local markets expertise  coupled with complementary strengths in technology and distribution  allows us to offer clients a wide range of comprehensive financial solutions. We address their needs with products in all major currencies, sectors and geographies; and the breadth and depth of our resources allow us to consistently provide them with innovative solutions. Citi provides superior structuring capabilities and problem solving, enhanced by our distribution reach and quality.  
Our platform is organized around four major geographic regions: Asia, Europe/Middle East/Africa, Latin America and North America. We have offices in nearly every major city around the globe. In Japan, we maintain a market leading position through Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc.



 














Home > 
	





TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY
CAREERS
CONTACT US
SITE MAP
BUSINESS CONTINUITY
ARS SETTLEMENT INFORMATION
Follow Us:




CITIGROUP.COM



Citigroup.com is the global source of information about and access to financial services provided by the Citigroup companies.














﻿







Citigold® International








Citigold® International











Citigold® International

Citigold® International is a United States business that provides its clients access to financial products and services available through bank and non-bank affiliates of Citigroup Inc.
Banking products and services are provided by Citibank, N.A., Member FDIC.
CitiBusiness® is a service of Citibank, N.A. providing banking products and services to entities.
Securities and brokerage products and services are available through Citi Personal Investments International ("CPII"), a business of Citigroup Inc., which offers investment products and services to Citigold® International customers through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. ("CGMI"), member SIPC. Insurance is offered through Citigroup Life Agency LLC ("CLA"). In California, CLA does business as Citigroup Life Insurance Agency, LLC (license number 0G56746). CGMI, CLA, and Citibank, N.A. are affiliated companies under the common control of Citigroup Inc. Accounts carried by Pershing LLC, member FINRA, NYSE, SIPC.

Investment and Insurance Products:
NOT FDIC INSURED  NOT A BANK DEPOSIT    NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY   NO BANK GUARANTEE    MAY LOSE VALUE

Transactions may be executed outside of your country and without any participation from any Citigroup or Citibank subsidiary, branch or affiliate in your country. Some products may not be registered with the Financial Regulatory body of your country governing such financial products, nor may they be governed or protected by the laws and regulations of your country. Products and services offered by Citi and its affiliates are subject to the applicable local laws and regulations of the jurisdiction where they are booked and offered. Not all accounts, products, and services as well as pricing are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. Your country of citizenship, domicile, or residence may have laws, rules, and regulations that govern or affect your application for and use of our accounts, products and services, including laws and regulations regarding taxes, exchange and/or capital controls.
E-mails sent through the internet are not secure. Do not use e-mail to send us transaction requests such as funds transfers or send time-sensitive instructions or confidential and personal information such as account numbers, Citibank® Banking card numbers, credit card numbers, changes of address, PIN numbers, passwords or other important personal information. Also, do not e-mail orders to buy or sell securities, transfer funds or send time-sensitive instructions. We will not accept such requests, orders or instructions. Your e-mail message is not private in that it is subject to review by Citibank, N.A or its affiliates, its officers, agents and employees.
If you are not the intended recipient, please notify me immediately. You should not copy or use this email for any purpose nor should you disclose its contents to any other person.
Citi, Citi with Arc Design, and Citigold are registered service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates.









Copyright © 2013 Citigroup Inc.










Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi Hosts Investor Day July 25

							                        The event will feature live audio of presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
Programming Our Future
July 7, 2017

Citi is educating, exciting and empowering young women to learn about careers in technology.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile























Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.

























Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi Hosts Investor Day July 25

							                        The event will feature live audio of presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
Programming Our Future
July 7, 2017

Citi is educating, exciting and empowering young women to learn about careers in technology.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile























Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Citi (@Citi) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      CitiVerified account



@Citi












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
14.2K
            



Following
Following
302



Followers
Followers
895K



Likes
Likes
1,773

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @Citi

Mute @Citi



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















CitiVerified account



@Citi


Serving as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth & economic progress. Customer service: @AskCiti



            New York, NY

      



 
    citigroup.com
  




Joined October 2009












                
                1,033 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Citi
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Citi
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Citi followed
        

























Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Congrats to our third #CitiPerksSweepstakes winner @Siracus81! It's not too late to enter. NoPurNecUS18+ http://on.citi.us/2uCMtWE pic.twitter.com/mAvJbRHmNV
















0 replies




6 retweets




18 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


18





Liked


18










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







For 30 years we’ve worked w/ @JAWorldwide to create opportunity & inspire young people. http://on.citi.us/2uDOjWz  #Pathways2Progresspic.twitter.com/gLP94YfJa8
















1 reply




8 retweets




18 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


18





Liked


18










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Traveling abroad this summer? WATCH this new video from #Citi TTS on the benefits of paying in local currency. http://on.citi.us/2uCkl5B 





0 replies




9 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







IFC‏Verified account @IFC_org

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







BLOG: @Citi Public Sector Global Head discusses what prevents the #privatesector from investing in #emergingmarkets http://wrld.bg/BDWc30dEeus pic.twitter.com/Jwg6VHw8w5
















1 reply




8 retweets




7 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Welcome to the 95 @CareerReadyUK interns joining us in London today for a 4-week stay as part of #Citi’s #Pathways2Progress initiativepic.twitter.com/nLo93hE9dg
















0 replies




10 retweets




27 likes








Reply










Retweet


10




Retweeted


10








Like


27





Liked


27










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#PODCAST: #Citi FinTech’s @andresws talks to @BAI_Info, on how to develop digital platforms that workhttp://on.citi.us/2uyMVVa 









0 replies




2 retweets




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New #Citi GPS: 3 solutions to address the challenges in #Education today http://on.citi.us/2uyerCx pic.twitter.com/oMRH5VYLNp
















32 replies




637 retweets




5,615 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New #Citi GPS: #Education costs nearly $5T globally but benefits individuals, govts & society http://on.citi.us/2u4oehm pic.twitter.com/YqAX4hDQw6
















0 replies




38 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


38




Retweeted


38








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New #Citi GPS: OECD governments spend on average 4.5% of GDP on #Education http://on.citi.us/2u3LU5s pic.twitter.com/rnUbFM9umc
















0 replies




6 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







New #Citi GPS report asks “Is #Education Fit For the Future”?http://on.citi.us/2u3Wvxe pic.twitter.com/6Y6rSTi01G
















18 replies




423 retweets




4,609 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







Youth Assembly at UN‏Verified account @YouthAssembly

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@Citi Foundation's @BrandeeMcHale talks about reframing "soft skills" to "power skills", the impt of networks, power of optimism #SkillsDaypic.twitter.com/mVpt5DXyQC
















0 replies




2 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







NYC Service‏Verified account @NYCService

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Community #ProgressMakers is 1 of @Citi Foundation's many programs promoting economic progress in cities:http://bit.ly/1OzECwR 
#GoodforNYCpic.twitter.com/PA0EEh889z














Green City Force






1 reply




7 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Citi Puerto Rico celebrates 99 years! Founded in 1918 our Puerto Rican franchise was the 1st North American bank established in the island.pic.twitter.com/XQTsLLNZOk
















3 replies




23 retweets




37 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


23




Retweeted


23








Like


37





Liked


37










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







BAI‏ @BAI_Info

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







NEW PODCAST: @Citi FinTech’s @andresws goes beyond the tech to talk about developing digital platforms: http://buff.ly/2tbmXHR pic.twitter.com/lDppOCjzk3
















0 replies




5 retweets




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Through the #CityAccelerator 5 US cities will  increase procurement spending w/ diverse vendors http://on.citi.us/2uvfmn7  @BlackEnterprise









1 reply




3 retweets




5 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







WATCH Public Sector Perspectives from #Citi TTS – Managing increasing complexity in international payments.http://on.citi.us/2u1vnic 









0 replies




6 retweets




10 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Citi wins best global bank for financial inclusion for commitment to investment & innovation. http://on.citi.us/2unBgbH  #EuromoneyAFE









1 reply




28 retweets




36 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


28




Retweeted


28








Like


36





Liked


36










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Only one week left in our #CitiPerksSweepstakes. Keep searching for our special @CitibikeNYC to enter. NoPurNecUS18+ http://on.citi.us/2umlr5n pic.twitter.com/jgLYRYHMKO
















7 replies




7 retweets




26 likes








Reply


7







Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


26





Liked


26










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







Black Enterprise‏Verified account @blackenterprise

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Five Cities Receive Half-a-Million-Dollar Grants to Boost Spending with Black Businesses http://buff.ly/2tai6SB pic.twitter.com/s79a4ijQFK























1 reply




167 retweets




201 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


167




Retweeted


167








Like


201





Liked


201










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







OFE Boston‏ @OFE_Boston

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Happy to be working with Citi Community Development: The Citi Blog, Building Credit = Building a Better Bostonhttp://fw.to/UOGl4kV 









0 replies




8 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Citi hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user




























Chat Window






This functionality requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript and try again.
To read the LivePerson accessibility policy, please go to the Liveperson accessibility policy page.








 
 











This functionality requires frames.To read the LivePerson accessibility policy, please go to the Liveperson accessibility policy page.

























             This functionality requires frames. To read the LivePerson accessibility policy, please go to the Liveperson accessibility policy page.











web browser selector






Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
