




Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi 2017 Investor Day

							                        The July 25 event featured presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
A Focused Franchise with Business Momentum
July 26, 2017

CEO Michael Corbat gives an update on the momentum we're seeing across our business following our 2017 Investor Day.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile

























Citi | Contact Us













Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












								Contact Us
							














Have a question about your account? Looking for a specific product? Citi customer service representatives are available to answer your questions and help you find what you need.

Citibank
Citi Cards
Citi Private Bank
Banamex
CitiMortgage

Citi Products
Banking

Savings
Checking
Online Banking
IRAs
Private Banking

Credit Cards

Citi Cards

Loans and Mortgages

Personal Loans
Student Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity
Commercial Real Estate Loans

Bill Payment Services

Online Banking

Cash Management

CitiDirect BE 
Commercial Cards
WorldLink

Transaction Services
Trade Services and Finance
Securities and Fund Services


Have a question about how Citi is organized? Looking for shareholder information? Citi representatives are available to answer your questions and help you learn more about Citi.

About Our Company
Citi Careers
Citi Investor Relations
Media Inquiries



						  	Global Government Affairs
						  	


202-879-6800




Citi Community Development
Citi Foundation
Ethics Hotline
Citi Supplier Diversity

Do you have questions about receiving encrypted email from your Citi representative?

Receiving secure email from Citi
Quick reference guide for transitioning to Citi's new secure email system

Do you have questions about Citi businesses in specific countries or territories? Click on a geographic region below and select a market to learn more about Citi's presence.




Africa




Algeria
Cameroon
Congo, Democratic Republic of
Egypt
Gabon
Ghana
Ivory Coast
Kenya
Morocco
Nigeria
Senegal
South Africa
Tanzania
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia







Asia Pacific




Australia
Bangladesh
Brunei
China, People's Republic of
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kazakhstan
Korea
Macau
Malaysia
New Zealand
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam







Central America & Caribbean




Bahamas
Barbados
Cayman Islands
Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Panama
Puerto Rico
Trinidad and Tobago







Europe




Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom







Middle East




Bahrain
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Qatar
United Arab Emirates







North America




Canada
Mexico
United States







South America




Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Ecuador
Paraguay
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela














Investor Documents

Find them >






Media Documents & Press Releases

Find them >






Annual Report

Find them >














Citi for Cities








Citizenship








Careers









﻿




Citi | Investor Relations | Citigroup Stock - Ticker Symbol C












Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












Investor Relations

                                    Find our investor presentations, annual reports, financial information and news.
                                


















Sign Up for Citi News Alerts

Stockholder Services
Thank you for your interest in Citigroup. Here you will find information and resources for Citigroup common stockholders.




Our Stock



Citigroup common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYX) under the ticker symbol "C." Citigroup stock also has the distinction of being the first international company to be traded on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores - BMV), and is listed under the ticker symbol "C*."  Citigroup preferred stocks Series AA, C, J, K and S are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYX).
View Citi's Stock Split History. For information regarding preferred stock and other capital securities, refer to the Fixed Income Investor Relations section of our site.






Stockholder Assistance



If you are a holder of Citigroup common stock and need assistance with:

Address changes
Dividend information
Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
Registration changes
Replacement of lost, stolen or destroyed certificates
Stock transfer

Please contact our Registrar and Transfer Agent: Computershare Trust Company, N.A. To assist you, representatives are available from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time on Saturdays. You can contact them in the following ways:
By mail:
													Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
													P. O. Box 43078
													Providence, RI 02940-3078
By telephone:
													U.S. toll-free: (888) 250-3985
													Outside the U.S.: (781) 575-4555
													For hearing impaired: (888) 403-9700
													Hearing impaired, outside North America: (781) 575-4592
By email:
shareholder@computershare.com
On Computershare's website, stockholders of record may access their accounts to obtain their share balance, request printable forms and view the current market value of their investment as well as historical stock prices. Just go to www.computershare.com/investor.






Dividend Information



The declaration of dividends depends on many factors and is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Click here to view our Dividend History.
Dividend Checks & Address Changes
Your dividend checks will be sent to your address of record unless you instruct us otherwise. If you would like to have your dividends electronically deposited to your bank or paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars, please contact Computershare for assistance.
If you are a stockholder of record and your address changes, please notify Computershare in writing, by telephone or online. This will ensure that you continue to receive your dividend checks, Annual Meeting and voting materials, as well as other stockholder information in a timely manner. Please give your name as it appears on your account(s), old and new addresses, stock certificate or account number(s). For security reasons, we cannot accept address changes by email.






Warrants Information



Series A Warrants
Series A prospectus
Series A warrant agreement
                        					The following table summarizes the adjustments to the exercise price and the warrant share number for the Series A warrants through the last date indicated in the table. For additional information regarding the adjustments to the Series A warrants, please refer to the above prospectus and warrant agreement.



CWSA (CUSIP: 172967226)
Exercise price
Warrant Shares


Initial Exercise Price
$10.610 
1


Adjustments

 


Reverse Stock Split (10 to 1), 5/6/11
$106.100 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 8/1/16
$105.956 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 11/7/16
$105.825 
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 2/6/17
$105.712
0.10


Dividend - Record Date 5/1/17
$105.606
0.10


Series B Warrants
Series B prospectus
Series B warrant agreement
                        					The following table summarizes the adjustments to the exercise price and the warrant share number for the Series B warrants through the last date indicated in the table. For additional information regarding the adjustments to the Series B warrants, please refer to the above prospectus and warrant agreement.



CGBBW (CUSIP: 172967234)
Exercise price
Warrant Shares


Initial Exercise Price
$17.850 
1


Adjustments

 


Reverse stock Split (10 to 1), 5/6/11
$178.500 
0.10









Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP)



Citigroup does not offer an initial direct stock purchase program. Once you are a stockholder of record, you can enroll in our Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) through the Plan administrator, Computershare.

                        					The Citi Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) allows current Citigroup stockholders to reinvest dividends or make optional cash payments in order to directly purchase additional Citigroup common stock. The optional cash payments must be at least $50 and can be up to an aggregate of $120,000 per calendar year.

                        					Registered stockholders and brokers on behalf of their clients are permitted to participate.

                        					The Plan Administrator is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

                        					On their website, www.computershare.com/investor, you can find a summary of the Citigroup DRP, and download the plan prospectus. You can also download and submit an Enrollment Form, change your participation option or update your election online. You will need to register your account first if you have not previously. Once registered, select "Enroll in an Investment Plan."

                        					Or, to request a copy of the prospectus or the Enrollment Form be sent to you, you may contact Computershare by email at shareholder@computershare.com or call them at (888) 250-3985 or (781) 575-4555 (for outside of North America).

                        					If your shares of common stock are registered in a name other than your own (e.g., in the name of a broker or bank nominee) then you should: (1) make arrangements with your bank, broker or other nominee to participate on your behalf, or (2) have your shares re-registered in your own name(s) and then complete the Enrollment Form.

                        				





Annual Reports and Document Requests



The following documents can be downloaded from our website, including Annual Reports (including Form 10-K), Proxy Statements, quarterly reports (10-Q), financial data supplements, press releases, and investor presentations.

                        					If you would like to request an Annual Report (10-K), Proxy Statement or quarterly report (10-Q) in printed form, please email your request, along with your mailing address, to our Document Services department at docserve@citi.com. You can also call them at (716) 730 8055, or toll-free within the U.S. at (877) 936 2737.

                        					Please note that not all of our documents and disclosures are available in printed form from our Document Services department. Please allow 3-4 weeks for processing and delivery.

                        				





Annual Meeting of Stockholders



The Annual Meeting of Stockholders is held during the second quarter each year. A proxy statement and the annual report on Form 10-K will be mailed to you or made available to you electronically.

                        					Information and instructions on attending the meeting are also included in the proxy statement. Past proxy statements and annual reports can be downloaded from our website.

                        					Electronic Delivery of Shareholder Communications
											If you wish to receive proxy materials via email instead of postal mail, please go to www.investordelivery.com and follow the instructions.

                        				





Travelers Information



Citicorp and Travelers Group Merger

                        					On October 8, 1998, Citicorp and Travelers Group merged to become Citigroup Inc. At the time of the merger, Citicorp stockholders received 2.5 Citigroup shares for every 1 share of Citicorp stock they previously owned. Travelers Group stockholders maintained their shares of Travelers Group stock under the Citigroup name.
Spin-off of Travelers Property Casualty Corp.
On August 20, 2002, a total of 219,050,000 shares of class A common stock and 450,050,000 shares of class B common stock of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. (Travelers) were distributed to Citigroup stockholders of record as of the record date:  August 9, 2002.
Citigroup distributed a combination of 0.0432043 of a share of Travelers class A common stock and 0.0887656 of a share of Travelers class B common stock for each outstanding share of Citigroup common stock.
Only whole shares of Travelers class A common stock and Travelers class B common stock were issued. Any Citigroup stockholder entitled to receive a fractional share received a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares.
Figuring the Cost Basis in Citigroup Shares From the Travelers Spin-Off
Generally, for U.S. taxpayers, the cost basis represents the purchase price of your stock. The cost basis in your Citigroup shares just prior to the distribution must be allocated to the Citigroup shares and the Travelers shares so that the total cost basis of your holdings (Citigroup and Travelers, including any fractional shares sold for cash) after the distribution is the same as your cost basis in the Citigroup shares just prior to the distribution.
Click here for Information Regarding Allocation of Tax Basis regarding the distribution of shares of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. to Citigroup stockholders.






Questions?



Please refer to our Frequently Asked Questions.



























About | Citi















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











About Citi
While we're a global bank, our mission is simple: We responsibly provide financial services that enable growth and economic progress

















						Financial Ingenuity & Responsible Finance
					

						Citi works tirelessly to provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial services and products. We strive to create the best outcomes for our clients and customers with financial ingenuity that leads to solutions that are simple, creative and responsible.
					








Citi at a Glance




Consumer Businesses




Institutional Businesses




























Explore Citi Careers





















































Citigroup.com


Alumni



English



{{language.languageName}}



Search & Apply

Working Here



Our People


Our Locations


Diversity


Innovation


Our Brands




University Programs


Find A Program


Events




Resources


FAQ


Career Advice


Featured News


Banking Basics


















Search & Apply
Working Here
Our People
Our Locations
Diversity
Innovation
Our Brands
University Programs
Find A Program
Events
Resources
FAQ
Career Advice
Featured News
Banking Basics
Mobile App












Citigroup.com


Alumni



LANGUAGE
 


{{lang.languageName}}




































×







Close













 



Connect with us:



facebook


twitter


instagram


youtube


linkedin


glassdoor


mobileapp






TERMS OF USE
|
CAREERS AT CITI PRIVACY POLICY
|
ADDITIONAL TERMS
|
ACCESSIBILITY


 SITE FEEDBACK
                    	







TERMS OF USE
CAREERS AT CITI PRIVACY POLICY
ADDITIONAL TERMS

ACCESSIBILITY












Copyright 2017 Citigroup Inc.





Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi") invites all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity, please contact us.
To view the "EEO is the Law" poster, CLICK HERE.     To view the EEO is the Law Supplement, CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting, CLICK HERE.












Copyright 2017 Citigroup Inc.





















































































































Global Consumer Banking - Among the Largest Global Retail Banks

















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.












Consumer Businesses

									Citi's Global Consumer Bank (GCB), a global leader in credit cards, wealth management and Commercial Banking, serves as a trusted partner to more than 110 million customers in 19 countries worldwide, providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress.
								
















The Global Consumer Bank operates four business linesBranded Cards, Retail Services, Retail Banking and Commercial Bankingin three priority markets: Asia, Mexico and the U.S. 
Over the past few years, our business has transformed to become a simpler, leaner, focused franchise. In 2016, GCB continued to perform, building on the foundation for growth set in 2015. 
We further streamlined our GCB footprint with the announced exit of Argentina, Brazil and Colombia to focus on markets where we have the greatest opportunity for growth. Resizing of our retail branch footprint continued, creating a lean, digitally forward, urban network with an outsized share of U.S. deposits and improving efficiency. Distinctive wealth management value propositions were introduced in the U.S. and refreshed in Asia to drive differentiation and share of the wealth wallet of affluent clients. And strategic investments were madein Mexico, U.S. Cards, technology and a trifecta of U.S. credit card partnerships (Costco, American Airlines and The Home Depot)to drive growth into the next decade.
The journey to becoming a world-class digital bank tangibly accelerated. A mobile-first strategic focus and deployment of a new, agile operating model fostered massive improvements in the design and delivery of digital features and in the customer experience. The implementation of a uniform technology platform was completed, and the franchise saw significant growth in the number of digital users, mobile downloads and digital engagement. We forged a number of digital payments solutions and partnerships to deliver scale, convenience and ease. And Citi FinTech, a new unit charged with developing next-generation mobile banking capabilities through co-creation with clients, delivered a new set of mobile features in the U.S., making Citi the first global bank to integrate banking, money movement and wealth management on mobile.
GCB operated approximately 2,600 branches and generated $7.8 billion in pretax earnings, representing 37 percent of Citicorp's total. In 2016, our GCB business held $300 billion in average deposits, managed $139 billion in average assets and included $280 billion in average loans. 



CREDIT CARDS

								As the world's largest credit card issuer, we are an undisputed industry leader, with more than 55 million accounts, $421 billion in annual purchase sales and $140 billion in average receivables across Citi Branded Cards and Citi Retail Services.
							
Citi Branded Cards
								Citi Branded Cards provides payment and credit solutions to consumers and small businesses, with 55 million accounts globally. In 2016, our Citi Branded Cards business generated annual purchase sales of $341 billion and had an average loan portfolio of $96 billion.
With a simplified, standardized and revitalized global products portfolio, Citi Branded Cards intensified its focus on growth.
In the U.S., we completed the acquisition and conversion of Costco's co-brand credit card portfolio and launched the Costco Anywhere Visa Card by Citi. With an enhanced value proposition, the card launched to tremendous demand, with more than 1 million new accounts in six months. We also extended our nearly three-decade-long relationship with American Airlines, the world's largest airline, to continue offering our lineup of cards to new customers through multiple exclusive channels.
Internationally, we signed a credit card partnership with Coles, a leading national supermarket chain in Australia, and continued the rollout of globally common, competitive products. The Citi PrestigeSM card, offering affluent customers a common set of global benefits and experiences, launched in China, and Citi SimplicitySM, a card for value-focused customers, launched in Indonesia and Malaysia. All markets now have at least one globally common card product.
In 2016, we improved digital servicing by focusing on foundational experiences and launching new features faster than ever before. In the U.S., a slew of new digital features were introduced, including Citi® Quick Lock, enabling cardmembers to lock and unlock their card, the ability to track a replacement card and the ability to file a dispute in app, a first for a major U.S. credit card issuer.
Our business made notable strides digitizing key components of the mobile payments experience to drive growth going forward. We announced our own payments solution that provides customers with a simple and fast option for online, in-app and in-store payment needs, which was introduced in Australia and Singapore. In 2016, we became the first global bank to announce a partnership with PayPal to tokenize cards for customers wanting to use PayPal for in-store purchases across Mastercard and Visa portfolios in the U.S.
In Asia, we extended our global partnership with Samsung Pay and secured strategic agreements with the region's leading digital companies and social media platforms, integrating our services into the digital ecosystems clients use most, to deliver value, convenience and speed.
We continued the global expansion of our rewards program ThankYou® Rewards to new markets, including Mexico, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates. The platform now covers markets representing more than 90 percent of Citi's cards revenue base. The program also announced new relationships with Best Buy, Expedia, Wonder and 1-800-Flowers.com and added JetBlue as a new points transfer partner to provide customers with even more ways to use their points how, and when, they want.
Through relationships with legendary artists and bands, our award-winning entertainment access program Citi® Private Pass® worked with more than 1,500 artists to offer unmatched access and VIP experiences to our customers in the U.S. and in 14 countries globally. In addition, we secured an exclusive partnership with Live Nation in Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and Hong Kong, further expanding the program's international footprint.

Learn More


Retail Services
                                Citi Retail Services is one of North America's largest providers of private label and co-brand credit cards for retailers. In addition, we deliver multi-channel retailing expertise, advanced data analytics and digital solutions to help premier retailers across an array of industries grow their businesses. We serve 88 million accounts for iconic brands such as Best Buy, Exxon and Mobil, Macy's, Sears, Shell and The Home Depot.
In 2016, Citi Retail Services renewed its long-term credit card agreement with The Home Depot, one of the most successful private label card programs in the retail industry, securing all of its significant partnerships through 2020 or beyond. We also renewed our relationship with Ford Motor Company, Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. and TBC Corporation and entered the power equipment space by signing new partnerships with BRP, Kawasaki and The Toro Company. Additionally, we expanded loyalty offerings to Sears Mastercard customers through the integration of ThankYou Rewards, Citi's pre-eminent rewards program offering, and the significant enhancement of point-earning opportunities for Shop Your Way Mastercard customers.
In 2016, Citi Retail Services saw purchase sales of $80 billion and a loan portfolio ending the year at $47 billion.

Learn More



RETAIL BANKING

								Citibank meets the full range of consumer banking needs, including checking and savings accounts, loans, wealth management advice and small business services. Our distinctive Citi Smart Banking branch design and experience, tailored offerings and world-class service continue to set us apart from peers.
							

Through Citigold® and Citigold Private Client, we provide industry-leading, personalized wealth management services and a host of top-tier benefits to clients around the globe. In 2016, we introduced sweeping enhancements to our retail bank and investment offerings to meet clients' evolving financial needs and to align our distinctive global offerings. In addition, Citigold Client Centers opened in London, New York, Moscow, Seoul and St. Petersburg, each setting the standard in convenience, service, design and comfort.
In Asia, we continue to differentiate our value proposition across segments. Citi Priority, the emerging affluent value proposition, is now live in 13 markets with a new digital welcome experience and a range of preferred benefits and personalized services. Citigold was relaunched in five markets. This included new tools such as Total Wealth Advisor, which uses sophisticated models for financial planning based on Citi's global expertise in private banking and institutional markets, and the introduction of the Citigold Diversification Index, an internally designed framework to measure a client's portfolio diversification.
In the U.S., an enhanced, best-in-class Citigold experience was launched to offer clients a personalized, tailored level of service, exclusive benefits and the world-class investment capabilities of Citi Personal Wealth Management. At the same time, Citi Priority, a new value proposition for emerging affluent clients that includes on-demand financial guidance, digital tools and an improved level of benefits, was introduced. Together, they meaningfully improve our competitiveness in wealth management. We also joined Early Warning's clearXchange® network in the U.S., which will enable our banking customers to send or receive real-time person-to-person (P2P) payments to or from customers of participating network banks.
Across the U.S., we continued to support the growth of small businesses, helping them create jobs and real economic value in their communities. More than $11 billion in loans were originated in 2016, raising the total amount of U.S. small business lending over the past five years to $49 billion. CitiMortgage, which provides loans for home purchase and refinance transactions in the U.S., originated $24 billion in new loans in 2016. Our mortgage business continued to focus on client relationships by targeting originations within our U.S. retail bank footprint and improving the client experience.
In Mexico, Citibanamex announced meaningful investments, including new "Smart" branches, 2,500 next-generation ATMs, and technology platforms and infrastructure, reflecting the significant growth opportunity we see in the market. This year, 20 new branches were opened, 1,000 new ATMs were installed, and Citi Priority and Citibusiness® were introduced.

Learn More



COMMERCIAL BANK
Citi Commercial Banking provides global banking capabilities and services to mid-sized, trade-oriented companies in more than 100 cities worldwide. As many of these clients expand internationally, we help enable their growth and ability to access capital across multiple countries, one of our core activities. In 2016, client satisfaction reached an all-time high, and our Commercial Banking business continued to deliver enhanced digital services to clients.

Learn More


























Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi 2017 Investor Day

							                        The July 25 event featured presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
A Focused Franchise with Business Momentum
July 26, 2017

CEO Michael Corbat gives an update on the momentum we're seeing across our business following our 2017 Investor Day.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile

























Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi 2017 Investor Day

							                        The July 25 event featured presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
A Focused Franchise with Business Momentum
July 26, 2017

CEO Michael Corbat gives an update on the momentum we're seeing across our business following our 2017 Investor Day.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile






















Citigroup Financial Products Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 11:28 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Citigroup Financial Products Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Citigroup Financial Products Inc. provides loan, insurance, real estate, security broker/dealer, finance, and asset management services. The company serves manufacturing, agriculture, and real estate industries. The company was formerly known as Salomon Brothers Holding Company Inc. and changed its name to Citigroup Financial Products Inc. in March 1999. The company was incorporated in 1984 and is based in New York, New York. Citigroup Financial Products Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.


388 Greenwich Street17th FloorNew York, NY 10013United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 212-816-0422

Fax: 646-291-1494








Key Executives for Citigroup Financial Products Inc.




Mr. Joseph B. Wollard


      	Assistant Secretary
      








Mr. Ali L. Karshan


      	Assistant Secretary
      








Sir Deryck Charles Maughan


      	Executive Officer
      


Age: 69
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Citigroup Financial Products Inc. Key Developments

BATS Global Markets Plans For IPO
Nov 30 15
BATS Global Markets Inc.  is planning for an IPO. BATS Global is expected to file a prospectus with the US Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering as early as December, the Wall Street Journal reported. BATS spokesman Randy Williams declined to comment.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 30, 2017
			    
The Yield Book Inc. and Citigroup Index LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citigroup Financial Products Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Citigroup Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Citigroup Inc.


Citigroup Inc.

399 Park Avenue 
New York NY 10022 United States
Phone: +1 212-___-____
Fax: +1 212-___-____
http://www.citigroup.com





707
Managers




17000
IT employees




$3.0BEST.
IT Budget




Citigroup, Inc. a multibank holding company, provides various financial services to customers in the United States and internationally. Citigroup is organized into three major business groups: Global Consumer, Corporate and Investment Banking, and Global Wealth Management. These divisions, along with… MoreCitigroup, Inc. a multibank holding company, provides various financial services to customers in the United States and internationally. Citigroup is organized into three major business groups: Global Consumer, Corporate and Investment Banking, and Global Wealth Management. These divisions, along with an additional group, Citigroup Alternative Investments, are considered stand alone business units. Other business units include the Regional Consumer Group, Citibank, Citi Cards, Citi Retail Services, Citi Commercial Bank, Citi Mortgage, Citi Institutional Client Corp., Citi Markets, Citi Research, Citi Private Bank, Citi Transaction Services and Citi Corporate and Investment Banking. Citigroup was formed in 1998 via merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group/Salomon Smith Barney.

Citigroup UK , Poland, Hungary, Spain, Ireland and Netherlands, as well as Citibank Brazil, China, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, El Salvador, and Citibank Schweiz AG are profiled separately in RainKing, as are Citi Trends, Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, Citi Habitats, CitiFinancial, and Citigroup Securities Indonesia.

Citigroup sold its OneMain Financial subsidiary to Springleaf in November, 2015.
• The organization expects its unstructured storage to grow more than 100% in the next 12 months.
• The organization's total data storage volume under management is more than 5 Petabytes.
• The organization's weekly backup is greater than 100TB. • Citigroup… More• The organization expects its unstructured storage to grow more than 100% in the next 12 months.
• The organization's total data storage volume under management is more than 5 Petabytes.
• The organization's weekly backup is greater than 100TB. • Citigroup Inc. maintains a $5-$10M data center operations contract.
• Citigroup Inc. maintains a $5-$10M legacy application support contract.
• Citigroup Inc. maintains a mobile application development contract.
• Citigroup Inc. maintains a more than $10M help desk management contract with IBM.
• Citigroup Inc. maintains a more than $10M help desk management contract.
• Citigroup Inc. maintains an infrastructure management contract.

IT Structure
• Citigroup Inc. created Citi FinTech in late 2015, as a technology development business unit.  The group is expected to release a mobile banking product in Q4 2016.
• Citigroup Inc. is currently implementing a voice biometrics application in the Asia Pacific region, to be rolled out across the company's other regions if the program is deemed a success.
• Automation has been a long-term focus for the company, and is expected to remain so for the next few years.  Reducing banking branch staff is a major goal of the program.


Citigroup Inc. runs its Information Technology efforts across North America with various business units, administration offices, data centers, and contact centers distributed across the US. Currently, the bulk of the IT staff is located within the New York and New Jersey regions with the company headquarters in New York, NY. The Chief Administrative Officer is responsible for business operations and IT under the entire umbrella of the Citi companies and business units. Since the recent re-organization of the company, the CAO is assisted by the IT Strategy Chief and Head of Operations and Technology in making executive decisions. 

Citigroup's IT department is organized into multiple major business divisions:

The Institutional Clients Group (ICG) oversees the Markets and Banking division as well as Citi Alternative Investments globally. This group boasts some of the largest spending and resource allocation within the enterprise, due to the Product Side Development of financial systems as well as market forecasting and stability technologies. Major areas of interest include Product and Technology Security, the Project Management Office, and regional development of systems and applications for Divisional Infrastructure operations.

The Global Consumer Group (GCG) oversees a variety of IT-influential segments, including client lending technology and consumer IT. The GCG Chief Information Officer is responsible for all internal IT Strategy and roadmaps such as Core Security Services, Vendor Management, and the GCG Internet and Mobile presence. The GCG Chief Technology Officer oversees the engineering functions. Within the GCG also resides CitiCards, the affiliate that controls Credit Technology and consumer lending. This group is currently investing heavily in deploying Hadoop-based solutions, data marketplace, self-service dashboard solutions. Its data volume is approximately 5 pb and is growing at an annual rate of 6-10%. Its data environment is somewhat integrated (25-50% of data on a single database architecture) and consists of data that is primarily deployed on premises in a purpose-built appliance. It uses a relational database to store data primarily sourced from enterprise applications and other machine-generated data (web logs, sensor logs, systems logs etc).

The company's Retail Services Group is hoping to deploy Retail Partner Initiatives in the near future.  It is currently investing heavily in hardware, interface, and storage solutions. Its data volume is approximately 5 pb and is growing at an annual rate of 11-20%. Its data environment is significantly integrated (50-75% of data on a single database architecture) and consists of data that is primarily deployed in a private cloud. The company uses a relational database to store data primarily sourced from enterprise applications. 

While those business units run their IT operations as standalone businesses, the Citi Operations and Technology Group handles the corporate enterprise IT department, which utilizes shared services models to distribute and control systems and services within the business units and corporate entities. The largest segment of the O&T unit is the Citigroup Architecture Technology Engineering (CATE) division, which maintains all Engineering Development, Messaging and Mobility, and all Solutions Development initiatives. The other large segment of O&T is the Enterprise Infrastructure division, which controls Data Center Management, Networks, Mainframes, and End-User Support.It uses NoSQL database (e.g. MongoDB) to store data primarily sourced from enterprise applications, other machine-generated data (web logs, sensor logs, systems logs etc.), and human-generated data/text (such as social media).

The main Infrastructure Platform at Citigroup is comprised of 14 data centers with approximately 60,000 virtual and physical servers. At its headquarters in New York, Citigroup Inc. uses disk backup across VTL, NAS, SAN, and DAS environment to back up its hybrid of block and file data. It uses netbackup as its main backup application. Its daily and weekly total data backup is 30TB and 60TB respectively, with a 2 hour backup window. Its backup growth is around 10+. Relating to its remote locations, data is backed up locally, and some remote locations have WAN optimization deployed. At its Atlanta, GA location, Citigroup Inc. uses disks to back up its hybrid of block and file data. It has a 7-8 hour backup window. 

To help improve and standardize security awareness between and within business units, a separate IT Security division has been set-up to monitor and control the security of information and technologies. Always a big spend division, this group handles extensive IT staff involved with IT Risk Management and Identity Management, which inform and teach security personnel within the business units how to spread security knowledge to all contacts within the company. Citigroup is planning to evaluate threat/intrusion detection technologies, security information and event management, (SIEM), malware protection technologies,and next generation firewall solutions in the next 6-12 months.  Additionally, it plans to increase security spending in digital rights management encryption, policy compliance and enforcement. Citigroup Inc. is planning to evaluate threat/intrusion detection technologies, SIEM (Security Information and Event Management, malware protection/technologies, and next-generation firewall technologies in the next 6-12 months. 

It uses a proprietary storage security solution and an in-house solution for its fraud detection. Citigroup Inc. has the following security safeguards in place:  regular policy reviews, documented incident response process, encryption of mobile devices, and malware and virus protection software on all devices. The company uses an MSSP to monitor treats across its networks, security devices and data. It currently runs non-critical applications, business applications, and storage/backup in a cloud environment.

The company uses McAfee for fraud protection and relating to security safeguards, the company has regular policy reviews, documented incident response processes, inventory of third parties, encryption of mobile devices, malware and virus protection on all devices, documented incident response processes, a regular compliance review process, provides application access and manages identities for more than 10,000 customers and vendors. The company operates under ISO/IEC 27001/27002 compliance regimes and uses an internally developed solution to monitor and treat its networks, security devices and data. 

Citigroup has recently begun expanding Citigroup IT Operations & Solutions (CITOS) which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup based in India. With new centers in Mumbai and Chennai, the global IT center will primarily manage and support Citigroup's IT infrastructure including system administration, database administration, information security, network monitoring, and application development for various Citigroup businesses across the world. It is not clear at this time how many of Citigroup's IT needs will ultimately be handled offshore. 

Due to confidentiality issues, Citibank does not outsource much of its IT work.

The company is evaluating cloud solutions for possible implementation and currently runs non-critical application, business application, and storage/backup in the cloud. The company is currently implementing a bring your own device (BYOD) program and uses a mobile device management solution for these devices. 

As of Q2 2013, the company is on a server virtualization initiative with VMware that is set to run through 2013. While a BYOD program is completely in place for Apple devices the company is considering an expansion of this, including the implementation of a virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI), depending on user demand. There is a chance the company will adopt Windows 8 for the company tablets. Blackberry is trending downwards though the company does still support Blackberry Enterprise Server (BES). The company is also considering expanding its SaaS applications.

The IT budget is typically finalized in Q4.





Sector (Industry)
Financial (Brokerage and Asset Management)
Financial (Financial Services)


Employees
231000


Revenue
$69.9B


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-26
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Citigroup Inc., New York, NY
Opportunity: Seeking a CCAR Regulatory Lead Analyst (FL, Tampa, 33602).




2017-07-26
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Citigroup Inc., New York, NY
Opportunity: Seeking a Compliance Officer - AML KYC Policy And Governance (NJ, Jersey City, 07097).




2017-07-26
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: Citigroup Inc., New York, NY
Opportunity: Seeking a Finance Reporting Group Manager - QA Team/Data Tracing (FL, Tampa, 33602).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
Amazon EMRAmbariApache HBaseApache PigClickFoxClouderaDatameerDMIHadoopHadoop HDFS

Business Intelligence
Acorn SystemsActuateAdobe InsightAdometryBIRTCognos EnterpriseCognos Series 7Elastic SearchF5 Networks BIG-IPGoogle Attribution 360

Data Modeling/Mining
Ab InitioAmazon RedShiftAngoss KnowledgeSTUDIOApache HiveBase SASCA ERwinDBSchemaEmbarcaderoGreenplum DatabaseHiveQL
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Adobe Creative CloudApache CloudStackApache ZooKeeperCA AutoSysCiRBACitrix NetScalerCloudAppF5 load-balancersGemFire EDFHP Server Automation

Desktop Virtualization
AppSenseCitrix MetaFrame/PSCitrix Provisioning ServicesCitrix ReceiverCitrix VDI-in-a-BoxCitrix WinframeCitrix XenAppCitrix XenDesktopDameWareEMCO Remote Desktop

Email Hosting
SMTP Server (inhouse)
Data Storage

Cloud Storage

Data Backup
Acronis SoftwareActiance VantageCA ARCserveCommVaultEMC AvamarEMC LegatoEMC NetworkerEMC TimeFinderIBM SoftekIBM Tivoli Backup and Recovery

Disaster Recovery
EMC MirrorviewEMC RecoverPointEMC SRDFNetApp MetroClusterNetApp SnapShotOracle Data GuardQuest Recovery ManagerRecovery PointStellarSymantec Veritas Cluster Server
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Aspect SoftwareAvaya AuraAvaya Call Management SystemAvaya Contact Center Control ManagerBuddy MediaCDC Pivotal CRMChordiantCMSCompliance SuiteConvergys

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Infor LawsonMicrosoft DynamicsMicrosoft Dynamics GP (Great Plains)NetSuiteOracle EBSOracle FusionOracle JD EdwardsSage ERP X3SAP Business OneSAP ECC

Enterprise Systems Support
Altova MetaTeamAtlassian GreenhopperCA TechnologiesCSG Business Support SystemsIBM Rational DOORSKanbanMAPNovationQuestSAP Applications
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software
SunGard

Clinical
eClinicalWorksEpic OpTimeMicroMD

eDiscovery/Case Management
EquiviokCuraSymantec Clearwell
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Digital Media Operations
SizmekSplash

Online Advertising
ConversantPubmatic

Search Engine Optimization
Apache SolrDoubleClick Search (Google)G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )Rocket FuelWaterfall
Analytics

Business Intelligence
ActuateAdobe FrameMakerAdobe InsightAdometryAppceleratorAyasdiCognos EnterpriseCognos Series 7Google Attribution 360IBM Hardware

Customer Intelligence

Market Analytics
Aggregate KnowledgeBlueKaiDocuSigneXelateNotepadPanoramaQlikViewTIBCO
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
Adobe TargetAllegianceIBM WebSphereNICE SystemsOpinionLab

Mobile Design
Good TechnologyTelerikXamarin

User Experience
eCommerce

Mobile Commerce
CyberSource

Online Retailing
ACI Base24Adobe Dynamic Tag ManagementAmazon S3Apache ServerDropboxEMC HardwareExperianGoogle WalletHybrisIBM WebSphere Commerce

Social Commerce
GitHub
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Forecasting and Planning

Marketing Portfolio Management

Marketing Project Management
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Amedeo Discepolo
Director, Network Build Services
___@citigroup.com
+1 631-___-____







Les Kleinman
Chief of Staff
___@citigroup.com
+1 813-___-____







Atul Jain
Director, Global Cloud Services
___@citigroup.com
+1 469-___-____






James Lynch
Senior Manager, UNIX Engineering
___@citi.com
+1 908-___-____







Praveen Mummaneni
Storage Administrator
___@citi.com
+1 631-___-____







Shibu Thayil
Senior Vice President and Manager, Global L3 Storage
___@citi.com
+1 469-___-____





This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing




Citigroup Inc (C.N)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Citigroup Inc (C.N)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsBanks












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				C.N on New York Stock Exchange


				68.12USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.14


					            (+0.21%)
					        






Prev Close

$67.98


Open

$67.98




Day's High

$68.24


Day's Low

$67.92




Volume

440,241


Avg. Vol

5,273,183




52-wk High

$68.90


52-wk Low

$42.50












					Full Description



Citigroup Inc. (Citi), incorporated on March 8, 1988, is a financial services holding company. The Company's whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. The Company operates through two segments: Citicorp and Citi Holdings. Citicorp is the Company's global bank for consumers and businesses and represents its core franchises. Citicorp is focused on providing products and services to customers and leveraging the Company's global network, including various economies. As of December 31, 2016, Citicorp was present in 97 countries and jurisdictions, and offered services in over 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citicorp consists of the operating businesses, including Global Consumer Banking (consists of consumer banking businesses in North America, Latin America (consisting of Citi's consumer banking businesses in Mexico) and Asia), and Institutional Clients Group (which includes Banking and Markets and securities services).Global Consumer Banking (GCB) provides traditional banking services to retail customers through retail banking, including commercial banking, and Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services. GCB was focused on its markets in the United States, Mexico and Asia with 2,649 branches in 19 countries, as of December 31, 2016. North America GCB provides retail banking, including commercial banking, and its Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services card products to retail customers and small to mid-size businesses, as applicable, in the United States. North America GCB's United States cards product portfolio includes its portfolio, including the Citi Double Cash, Thank You and Value cards, and co-branded cards, including, American Airlines and Hilton Worldwide within Citi-branded cards, as well as its co-brand and private label relationships within Citi retail services. As of December 31, 2016, North America GCB had 723 retail bank branches, which concentrated in six metropolitan areas of New York, Chicago, Miami, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles and San Francisco.Asia GCB provides traditional retail banking, including commercial banking, and its Citi-branded card products to retail customers and small to mid-size businesses. Asia GCB includes traditional retail banking and Citi-branded card products, which are provided to retail customers in certain Europe, the Middle East, and African (EMEA) countries, primarily in Poland, Russia and the United Arab Emirates. Latin America GCB provides traditional retail banking, including commercial banking, and its Citi-branded card products to retail customers and small to mid-size businesses in Mexico. As of December 31, 2016, Latin America GCB had 1,494 retail branches in Mexico.Institutional Clients Group (ICG) provides corporate, institutional, public sector and high-net-worth clients with a range of wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, investment banking and advisory services, private banking, cash management, trade finance and securities services. ICG transacts with clients in both cash instruments and derivatives, including fixed income, foreign currency, equity and commodity products.

» Full Overview of C.N







					Company Address



Citigroup Inc
388 Greenwich StNEW YORK   NY   10013-2375
P: +1212.5591000F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael O'Neill

528,077




							 James Forese

15,398,500




							 Michael Corbat

13,381,800




							 John Gerspach

8,298,570




							 Francisco Aristeguieta

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Citigroup Inc News




Citigroup sets new focus on growth at first investor day since crisis

Jul 25 2017 
UPDATE 4-Citigroup sets new focus on growth at first investor day since crisis

Jul 25 2017 
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions

Jul 25 2017 
UPDATE 2-9mobile asks Citi, Standard Bank to find new investors - source

Jul 25 2017 
Former Etisalat Nigeria, 9mobile, appoints Citi, Standard Bank to find new investors

Jul 25 2017 


» More C.N  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsBanks





















  C:New York Stock Quote - Citigroup Inc - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Citigroup Inc   C:US   New York        68.27USD   0.29   0.43%     As of 11:12 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   68.00    Day Range   67.92 - 68.53    Volume   6,926,984    Previous Close   67.98    52Wk Range   42.50 - 68.91    1 Yr Return   56.35%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   68.00    Day Range   67.92 - 68.53    Volume   6,926,984    Previous Close   67.98    52Wk Range   42.50 - 68.91    1 Yr Return   56.35%    YTD Return   14.87%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   13.15    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   5.20    Market Cap (b USD)   186.145    Shares Outstanding  (b)   2.725    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.25    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   1.87%        Sector Financials   % Price Change -0.33%     Industry Banks   % Price Change -0.11%                    Related Videos    7/26/2017 Citigroup's Morse Says Copper Rally Is China Based 1:51     7/24/2017 Citigroup's Soussa Says Saudi Economic Growth Coming Down 3:39   Company News Press Releases    7/26/2017   Citigroup's Morse Says Copper Rally Is China Based     7/25/2017   Citi Climbs After Raising Profitability, Cost-Savings Targets     7/24/2017   Citigroup to Open Office at Roosevelt Island Cornell Tech Campus     7/24/2017   Frankfurt's Mixed Brexit Banker Blessing     7/24/2017   Citigroup's Soussa Says Saudi Economic Growth Coming Down     7/21/2017   Citigroup Sees Long Lag Between ECB Taper and Hike     7/21/2017   Citigroup's Tague Sees Rising Levels of M&A Activity     7/21/2017   InterGlobe Picks Banks for Institutional Share Sale     7/20/2017   Citigroup May Hire 150 Staff in EU     7/20/2017   JPMorgan, Citi See Mideast Bond Deals Slipping From Record     7/19/2017   JPMorgan and Citigroup Stocks Could Hit New Highs  - Investopedia     7/19/2017   With the Republican Agenda Delayed, It Is Time to Stop Whistling Dixie: Market Recon  - The Street     7/18/2017   Nasdaq and S&P 500 Jump to New Records, Dow Tanks  - The Street     7/18/2017   Nasdaq and S&P 500 Jump to New Records, Dow Sinks  - The Street     7/18/2017   Nasdaq and S&P 500 Jump to New Records, Dow Sinks  - The Street     7/18/2017   The Latest News: Brexit boredom, Citigroup, gas, Netflix, F1     7/18/2017   Citigroup Chooses Frankfurt as New European Trading Hub     7/18/2017   ECB PREVIEW: Draghi Seen Hurting Bunds by Echoing Sintra Script     7/17/2017   Global Risk Aversion Falls to Pre-Financial Crisis Levels: Chart     7/16/2017   Citigroup's Liu Says China's Economy Has Stabilized    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/26/2017   Citi Retail Services Expands Partnership with American Honda Motor Corp.     7/25/2017   Citi Appointed Successor Depositary Bank for easyJet’s ADR Programme     7/24/2017   Citi 2017 Investor Day – Presentation Materials     7/24/2017   Citi Announces Collaboration with Cornell Tech     7/20/2017   Citi and PayPal Expand Partnership to Deliver Enhanced Payments Experience     7/19/2017   Citigroup Declares Common Stock Dividend and Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise Price     7/19/2017   William S. Thompson, Jr. to Retire from Citi Board of Directors     7/17/2017   Citi’s Luxury Prestige Card Offers New Benefits for the Jet Set     7/14/2017   Citigroup Reports Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Per Share of $1.28     7/12/2017   Citi and KMB Join Forces to Bring Bus Fare Rebate    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Citigroup Inc. is a diversified financial services holding company that provides a broad range of financial services to consumer and corporate customers. The Company services include investment banking, retail brokerage, corporate banking, and cash management products and services. Citigroup serves customers globally.    Address  388 Greenwich StreetNew York, NY 10013United States   Phone  1-212-559-1000   Website   www.citigroup.com     Executives Board Members    Michael L Corbat  Chief Executive Officer    James Anthony Forese  Pres/CEO:Institutional Clients Group      John C Gerspach   Chief Financial Officer      Bradford Hu "Brad"   Chief Risk Officer    Jeffrey R Walsh  Chief Acctg Officer/Controller     Show More         C Profile | Citigroup, Inc. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 31 minsS&P 5002,480.73+2.90 (+0.12%)Dow 3021,759.11+48.10 (+0.22%)Stocks to WatchVerizon soars on beat, Starbucks' big China deal, AstraZeneca sinks after drug trialCitigroup Inc. (C)NYSE - Nasdaq Real Time Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist68.18+0.20 (+0.29%)As of  11:29AM EDT. Market open.People also watchBACJPMWFCGSAIGSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsCitigroup Inc.388 Greenwich StreetNew York, NY 10013United States212-559-1000http://www.citigroup.comSector: FinancialIndustry: Money Center BanksFull Time Employees: 214,000Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Michael L. CorbatCEO & Director5.73M966k57Mr. James A. ForesePres7.49M997.75k54Mr. John C. GerspachChief Financial Officer3.92M966k63Mr. Stephen  Bird MBAChief Exec. Officer of Global Consumer Banking9.53M635k50Mrs. Jane Nind Fraser Ph.D.Chief Exec. Officer of Latin America Region4.37MN/A49Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionCitigroup Inc., a diversified financial services holding company, provides various financial products and services for consumers, corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide. The company operates through two segments, Citicorp and Citi Holdings. The Citicorp segment offers traditional banking services to retail customers through retail banking, commercial banking, Citi-branded cards, and Citi retail services. It also provides various banking, credit card lending, and investment services through a network of local branches, offices, and electronic delivery systems. In addition, this segment provides wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, investment banking and advisory services, private banking, cash management, trade finance, and securities services to corporate, institutional, public sector, and high-net-worth clients. As of December 31, 2016, it operated 2,649 branches in 19 countries. The Citi Holdings segment provides consumer loans; and portfolio of securities, loans, and other assets. Citigroup Inc. was founded in 1812 and is based in New York, New York.Corporate GovernanceCitigroup Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 1. The pillar scores are Audit: 1; Board: 2; Shareholder Rights: 2; Compensation: 2.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)










Product Management Jobs at CITI























Skip Navigation
Skip to Search Results
Skip to Search Filters



Citigroup.com
Alumni

Language

English
简体中文
繁體中文
Español
Francais du Canada
日本語
Magyar
Polski
Português
Русский






open main navigation menu

Search & Apply
Working Here

Our People
Our Locations
Diversity
Innovation
Our Brands


University Programs

Find A Program
Events


Resources

FAQ
Career Advice
Featured News
Banking Basics


Create/Manage Profile
        
Careers/Recent Graduate Profile
University Programs Profile





YOUR JOURNEY WITH CITI BEGINS HERE






Advanced Search

Search Jobs







Category
Select
Accounting
Actuarial
Administration
Analyst
Anti Money Laundering
Application Development
Architect
Audit
Banker
Banking
Bilingual
Branch Manager
Bus Strategy, Planning & Admin
Business Analysis
Business Banking
Business Management
Capital Markets Origination
Capital Markets Origination|Commercial Banking|Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal
Citibank
CitiFinancial
Citigold
Commercial Banking
Commercial Banking|Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Human Resources
Commodities
Communications, Community Relations & Investor Relations
Compliance and Control
Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal
Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Consumer Banking|Corporate Banking
Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Corporate Banking|Finance
Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Corporate Banking|Operations
Consumer Banking
Consumer Banking|Technology
Controller
Corporate Banking
Credit
Cross-Functional Management
Customer Service
Customer Service in Sales
Decision Management
Diversity
Documentation and Information Management
Equities
Expense Management
Facilities
Finance
Financial Reporting
Global Transaction Services
Home Loan
Human Resources
Implementation
Incident Management
Institutional Banking
Institutional Client Service
Institutional Sales
Investment Banking
Investment Banking|Specialized Programs
Investment Consultant
Investment Management
Learning and Development
Legal
Logistics
Management Development Programs
Marketing
Markets and Securities Services
Mortgage
Operations
Operations Credit Ops
Operations Customer Service
Operations|Technology
Personal Banking
Private Banking
Private Client Coverage
Private Client Product Mgmt
Private Client Sales
Procurement
Product Management
Program/Project Management
Programming
Quantitative Analysis
Relationship Management
Remediation
Research
Retention
Risk Management
Sales
Security
Specialized Programs
Technology
Teller
Trading
Transaction Processing
Treasury
Treasury and Trade Solutions
Underwriter
Wealth Management



World Region
Select
Asia Pacific
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
Latin America
North America



Country
Select
Australia
Cameroon
China
Colombia
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Poland
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Vietnam



State/Province
Select
Bogota D.C.
California
Central Luzon
Central Singapore
Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta
Delaware
England
Federal District
Florida
Ho Chi Minh City
Kuala Lumpur
Leinster
Littoral
Lombardy
Maharashtra
Masovian Voivodeship
National Capital Region
New South Wales
New York
Shanghai Shi
Taipei
Texas



City
Select
Bogota D.C., Colombia
Cuauhtémoc
Douala
Dublin
Federal District, Mexico
Fountain Valley
Ho Chi Minh City
Irving
Jakarta
London
Long Island City
Manila
Miguel Hidalgo
Milan
Mumbai
New Castle
New York
San Antonio
San Francisco
Shanghai
Singapore
Sydney
Taipei
Tampa
Uniondale
Warsaw




Search Jobs







Match Your Skills
Let us search jobs for you based on the skills and experience listed in your LinkedIn™ Profile.


Start Matching



172 Product Management Jobs


Filtered By:






Cash Management Product Specialist
Milan, Italy
07/26/2017




CBNA - ICG- Markets and Securities Services - Securities Services Product Head
 Philippines
07/26/2017




TTS Regional Domestic Receivables Product Manager, VP
 Hong Kong
07/26/2017




Security Services Product Manager
 Colombia
07/24/2017




Manager – Loans Line Management & Usage
Sydney, Australia
07/24/2017




TTS Global External Network Manager, VP
 New York, United States
07/25/2017




Cards and Unsecured Loans Lending Head
 Colombia
07/24/2017




HK - GCB - Head of Digital Banking, Product & Services
 Hong Kong
07/24/2017




Digital Banking Manager
 Malaysia
07/24/2017




Sr. Product Manager -Technical
Irving, Texas, United States
07/21/2017




Digital Channels Product Manager
Uniondale, New York, United States
07/21/2017




Product Specialist
London, United Kingdom
07/21/2017




Sr. Specialist
 Mexico
07/25/2017




Subdirector de Estrategia de Productos de Captación
 Mexico
07/21/2017




Coordinador de estrategia de portafolio
 Mexico
07/20/2017





Enter number to jump to a different page. You are currently on page 1 of 12.Pageof 12Go


Previous Page
Next Page







Filter Results

Category



Accounting 121



Actuarial 2



Administration 85



Analyst 31



Anti Money Laundering 214



Application Development 62



Architect 49



Audit 103



Banker 278



Banking 207



Bilingual 169



Branch Manager 293



Bus Strategy, Planning & Admin 110



Business Analysis 62



Business Banking 15



Business Management 11



Capital Markets Origination 6



Capital Markets Origination|Commercial Banking|Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal 2



Citibank 273



CitiFinancial 17



Citigold 115



Commercial Banking 39



Commercial Banking|Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Human Resources 1



Commodities 30



Communications, Community Relations & Investor Relations 5



Compliance and Control 270



Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal 20



Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Consumer Banking|Corporate Banking 2



Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Corporate Banking|Finance 1



Compliance, Risk, Audit & Legal|Corporate Banking|Operations 8



Consumer Banking 27



Consumer Banking|Technology 2



Controller 3



Corporate Banking 30



Credit 17



Cross-Functional Management 7



Customer Service 186



Customer Service in Sales 1



Decision Management 69



Diversity 3



Documentation and Information Management 95



Equities 38



Expense Management 4



Facilities 11



Finance 349



Financial Reporting 34



Global Transaction Services 30



Home Loan 38



Human Resources 108



Implementation 9



Incident Management 5



Institutional Banking 84



Institutional Client Service 39



Institutional Sales 70



Investment Banking 72



Investment Banking|Specialized Programs 1



Investment Consultant 1



Investment Management 9



Learning and Development 7



Legal 21



Logistics 28



Management Development Programs 19



Marketing 130



Markets and Securities Services 34



Mortgage 81



Operations 947



Operations Credit Ops 61



Operations Customer Service 177



Operations|Technology 1



Personal Banking 157



Private Banking 2



Private Client Coverage 12



Private Client Product Mgmt 10



Private Client Sales 1



Procurement 27



Product Management 172



Program/Project Management 64



Programming 62



Quantitative Analysis 53



Relationship Management 203



Remediation 3



Research 43



Retention 7



Risk Management 414



Sales 854



Security 100



Specialized Programs 2



Technology 1582



Teller 173



Trading 98



Transaction Processing 110



Treasury 1



Treasury and Trade Solutions 8



Underwriter 13



Wealth Management 91




Job Type



Careers 171



Recent Graduates 3



University Programs 1




World Region



Asia Pacific 95



Europe, Middle East, and Africa 25



Latin America 24



North America 28




Country



Australia 2



Cameroon 1



China 7



Colombia 2



Hong Kong 8



India 3



Indonesia 5



Ireland 9



Italy 1



Japan 1



Malaysia 15



Mexico 21



Philippines 5



Poland 3



Singapore 36



Taiwan 10



Thailand 1



United Kingdom 11



United States 28



Venezuela 1



Vietnam 2




State/Province



Bogota D.C. 1



California 2



Central Luzon 1



Central Singapore 29



Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 5



Delaware 2



England 11



Federal District 12



Florida 3



Ho Chi Minh City 2



Kuala Lumpur 14



Leinster 8



Littoral 1



Lombardy 1



Maharashtra 3



Masovian Voivodeship 3



National Capital Region 4



New South Wales 1



New York 18



Shanghai Shi 7



Taipei 10



Texas 3




City



Cuauhtémoc 2



Douala 1



Dublin 8



Fountain Valley 1



Ho Chi Minh City 1



Irving 2



Jakarta 5



London 11



Long Island City 3



Manila 4



Miguel Hidalgo 1



Milan 1



Mumbai 3



New Castle 2



New York 13



San Antonio 1



San Francisco 1



Shanghai 7



Singapore 29



Sydney 1



Taipei 10



Tampa 3



Uniondale 1



Warsaw 3




Divisions



CITI 172









For more information on our University Programs click here to explore our Program Finder.
Program Finder

Product Management
Product management careers at Citi offer a breadth of opportunities and unlimited potential for advancement. Our collaborative team supports a broad range of business groups that impact consumers, corporations, governments and institutions everywhere. Your ability to promote innovation will be critical to our growth while you ensure efficient management for the industries best financial products. A product management career with Citi offers a chance to work alongside some of the best in the business with exceptional learning opportunities. If you’re ready to explore a workplace that rewards your greatest strengths, apply for a product management job with Citi today.























Citigroup Financial Products, Inc                                                                                        - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security Brokers and Dealers



Dealers, Security



                            Citigroup Financial Products, Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Citigroup Financial Products, Inc                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



388 GREENWICH ST NEW YORK, NY 10013
Get Directions



(212) 816-6000
 





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated DE
 Annual Revenue $892,413,570.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Dealers, Security
 Contacts Deryck C Maughan                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1999, Citigroup Financial Products, Inc                                                                                        has been providing Dealers, Security from New York. Citigroup Financial Products, Inc                                                                                        is incorporated in Delaware. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Banking with Citi | Citi.com




Banking with Citi | Citi.com





































Skip to main content











Open an Account


Español

































                        Go
                    












Personal Loans & Lines of Credit
Homeownership


Your Financial Goals
Investing with Citi
Insights and Tools







https://online.citi.com
/US
https://online.citi.com/US
cHhS94RGeGZm-mWxKPDWpam
/JSO/signoff/SummaryRecord.do?logOff=true
N
x
https://online.citi.com/US/JRS/globalsearch/SearchAutoCompleteJsonP.do
/cards/svc/autocomplete.autocomplete?view=ALL





































Sign On 



















User ID


												 Please enter a User ID
												

												 Your User ID must be greater than 2 characters
												


Password

 
													 	Please enter a password
													
 
														Your password must be at least 6 characters long
													










 
														Remember my User ID





Do not select this option if you are using a public computer, such as in a library.








Forgot User ID?


Forgot Password?



















Forgot User ID?


Forgot Password?


Activate a Card


Register for Online Access




















Private Browsing is currently turned on. For full site functionality, please open a new window with Private Browsing turned off.


Close &gt

















						Important Information
					
You are leaving a Citi Website and going to a third party site. That site may have a privacy policy different from Citi and may provide less security than this Citi site. Citi and its affiliates are not responsible for the products, services, and content on the third party website. Do you want to go to the third party site?
Citi is not responsible for the products, services or facilities provided and/or owned by other companies.


Continue

�Close













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Best Citibank Credit Card Offers | CompareCards.com























































0



Add cards to start comparing.



                Compare 
                Cards













Add a Card +











Citibank Credit Card Offers







		Compare Citibank credit card offers, a CompareCards.com partner

		Citi credit card independent ratings and reviews

Secure and immediate online application process


See offers from our partners below.
Advertiser Disclosure
About our ratings














Apply Now






Featured
Citi® Diamond Preferred® Card – 21 Month Intro Offer on BT and Purchases





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

4.2/5.0 from 1,915 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(1,915)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 
Call To Apply


Add to Compare





Intro Purchase APR
0%* for 21 months on Purchases*


Intro BT APR
0%* for 21 months on Balance Transfers*


Regular Purchase APR
13.49% - 23.49%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$0*


Credit Needed


								Excellent/Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply online or call 877-836-4537 TTY: Use Relay ServiceGet 0% Intro APR on Balance Transfers and Purchases for 21 months. After that, the variable APR will be 13.49%-23.49% based upon your creditworthiness.* There is a balance transfer fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer. 24/7 access to Citi® Concierge for help in booking hotels, flights and more.$0 liability on unauthorized purchases and Citi® Identity Theft Solutions.No annual fee* Free access to FICO® Scores* 

See additional details for Citi® Diamond Preferred® Card – 21 Month Intro Offer on BT and Purchases

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.8/5.0 from 787 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(787)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 
Call To Apply


Add to Compare





Intro Purchase APR
0%* for 21 months on Purchases*


Intro BT APR
0%* for 21 months on Balance Transfers*


Regular Purchase APR
14.49% - 24.49% (Variable)


Annual Fee
$0*


Credit Needed


								Excellent/Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply online or call 877-886-4537 TTY: Use Relay ServiceThe ONLY card with No Late Fees, No Penalty Rate, and No Annual Fee… EVER.0% Intro APR on Balance Transfers and Purchases for 21 months. After that, the variable APR will be 14.49% - 24.49% based on your creditworthiness.There is a balance transfer fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.The same great rate for all balances, after the introductory period.Save time when you call with fast, personal help, 24 hours a day – just say “representative”.Enjoy the convenience of setting up your own bill payment schedule on any available due date throughout the month. 

See additional details for Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

4.4/5.0 from 875 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(875)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 
Call To Apply


Add to Compare





Rewards Rate
Earn 1% on Purchases & 1% on Payments


Intro Balance Transfer APR
0%* for 18 months on Balance Transfers*


Regular Purchase APR
14.49% - 24.49%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$0*


Credit Needed


								Excellent, Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply online or call 888-343-4081 TTY: Use Relay ServiceEarn cash back twice on every purchase with unlimited 1% cash back when you buy, plus an additional 1% as you pay for those purchases.Balance Transfers do not earn cash back0% Intro  APR on Balance Transfers for 18 months. After that, the variable APR will be 14.49% - 24.49% based on your creditworthinessClick 'Apply Now' to see the applicable balance transfer fee and how making a balance transfer impacts interest on purchases.No categories to track, no caps on cash back, no annual fee* 

See additional details for Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard®





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.9/5.0 from 96 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(96)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Sign up Bonus
30,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after making $1,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*


Bonus Rewards
Free Checked Bag & Preferred Boarding


Regular Purchase APR
16.74% - 24.74%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$95, waived for first 12 Months*


Credit Needed


								Excellent, Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineEarn 30,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after making $1,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*First checked bag is free on domestic American Airlines itineraries for you and up to four companions traveling with you on the same reservation*Enjoy preferred boarding on American Airlines flights*No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases¹Receive 25% savings on inflight food and beverage purchases when you use your card on American Airlines flights*Double AAdvantage® miles on eligible American Airlines purchases*Earn 10% of your redeemed AAdvantage® miles back – up to 10,000 AAdvantage® miles each calendar year* 

See additional details for Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard®

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi ThankYou® Preferred Card





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.8/5.0 from 22 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(22)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 
Call To Apply


Add to Compare





Rewards Rate
2 ThankYou Points per dollar on dining and entertainment


Introductory APR
0% for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers


Regular Purchase APR
14.49% - 24.49%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$0*


Credit Needed


								Excellent							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply online or call 866-934-2929 TTY: Use Relay ServiceEarn 15,000 bonus points after spending $1,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*15,000 ThankYou® Points are redeemable for $150 in gift cards, electronics and other great rewards when redeemed at thankyou.com0% intro APR on Purchases and Balance Transfers for 12 months. After that, the variable APR will be 14.49%-24.49% based upon your creditworthiness*There is a balance transfer fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater*Earn 2X Points on Dining Out & EntertainmentEarn 1X Points on All Other PurchasesNo expiration and no limit on the amount of points you can earn with this cardTravel with ease and enjoy global acceptance with Chip TechnologyNo annual fee* 

See additional details for Citi ThankYou® Preferred Card

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

4.3/5.0 from 55 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(55)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Rewards Rate
4% on gas, 3% on restaurants & travel, 2% at Costco, 1% everywhere else


Introductory APR
0% for 7 months on purchases


Regular Purchase APR
16.24%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$0


Credit Needed

                        							N/A
						                    


Card Brand

																				Visa®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineExclusively for Costco Members: Go Big with Cash Back Rewards4% cash back on eligible gas for the first $7,000 per year and then 1% thereafter3% cash back on restaurants and eligible travel purchases2% cash back on all other purchases from Costco and Costco.com1% cash back on all other purchases 

See additional details for Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi ThankYou® Preferred Card for College Students





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.9/5.0 from 21 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(21)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Intro Purchase APR
0%* for 7 Months on Purchases


Rewards Rate
2 ThankYou Points on restaurants & entertainment


Regular Purchase APR
14.99% - 24.99%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$0*


Credit Needed


								Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineEarn 2,500 bonus points after spending $500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*2,500 ThankYou® Points are redeemable for $25 in gift cards, electronics and other great rewards when redeemed at thankyou.comEarn 2X Points on Dining Out & EntertainmentEarn 1X Points on All Other PurchasesNo expiration and no limit to the amount of points you can earn with this cardTravel with ease and enjoy global acceptance with Chip TechnologyNo annual fee* 

See additional details for Citi ThankYou® Preferred Card for College Students

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Expedia®+ Voyager Card from Citi





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.2/5.0 from 9 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(9)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Bonus Points
25,000 Expedia+ points after $2,000 in purchases


Rewards Rate
Up to 4 Expedia+ points per dollar on eligible purchases


$100 Annual Airline Credit
Towards airline incidentals, Global Entry application fee, and more


Annual Fee
$95


Credit Needed


								Excellent							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineEarn 25,000 Expedia+ bonus points after $2,000 in purchases within 3 months of account opening*Points redeemable for $350 towards your stay at a +VIP Access™  hotel4 Expedia+ bonus points per $1 spent on eligible Expedia purchases including flights, hotels, activities and travel packages* 2 Expedia+ bonus points per $1 spent on dining out and entertainment* 1 Expedia+ bonus point per $1 spent on other purchases* Enjoy Expedia+ gold status each year of cardmembership*    $100 Annual Air Travel Fee Statement Credit can be used toward airline incidentals or for either the Global Entry or the TSA Pre √® application fees* 

See additional details for Expedia®+ Voyager Card from Citi

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi® Secured Mastercard®





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.1/5.0 from 29 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(29)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Build Your Credit
Monthly reporting to the three major credit bureaus


Perks and Features
Auto Pay can help you stay on top of your bill


Worldwide Acceptance
Use your card anywhere that accepts Mastercard®


Annual Fee
$0


Credit Needed


								No/Limited/Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineNo Annual Fee, and unlike a prepaid card, it helps build credit history with monthly notifications to the credit bureausA security deposit is required for this product (minimum $200)Pay your bill on time every month to avoid damaging your credit. Citi can help keep you on track with Auto Pay, online Bill Pay and alerts. Use the card anywhere Mastercard® is accepted — worldwide 

See additional details for Citi® Secured Mastercard®

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.8/5.0 from 4 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(4)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Sign Up Bonus
75,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after spending $7,500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*


Rewards Rate
2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent on eligible American Airlines purchases & 1 AAdvantage® for every $1 spent on other purchases*


Rates & Fees
No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases


Annual Fee
$450


Credit Needed


								Excellent							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineFor a limited time, earn 75,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after spending $7,500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*Admirals Club® membership for you and guests with you*Complimentary Admirals Club® lounge access for authorized usersEarn 10,000 AAdvantage® Elite Qualifying Miles (EQMs) after you spend $40,000 in purchases within the year*No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases*Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent on eligible American Airlines purchases and 1 AAdvantage® mile for every $1 spent on other purchases*First checked bag is free on domestic American Airlines itineraries for you and up to eight companions traveling with you on the same reservation* 

See additional details for Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi ThankYou® Premier Card





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

4.0/5.0 from 10 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(10)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 
Call To Apply


Add to Compare





Sign up Bonus
Earn 50,000 Bonus Points after Meeting Qualifications


Bonus Rewards
3x ThankYou Points on Travel Expenses including Gas


Extra Perks
No foreign transaction fees and points won't expire


Annual Fee
$95, waived for first 12 months*


Credit Needed


								Excellent							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply online or call 800-817-2056 TTY: Use Relay ServiceEarn 50,000 bonus points after spending $4,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*50,000 ThankYou® Points are redeemable for $625 in airfare on any airline, anytime with no blackout dates when booked through the ThankYou Travel Center or $500 in gift cards when redeemed at thankyou.comEarn 3X Points on Travel, Including Gas StationsEarn 2X Points on Dining Out & EntertainmentEarn 1X Points on All Other PurchasesNo expiration and no limit to the amount of points you can earn with this cardPoints Transfer allows you to transfer points to participating airline and hotel loyalty programsNo Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases* 

See additional details for Citi ThankYou® Premier Card

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Expedia®+ Card from Citi





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

3.2/5.0 from 9 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(9)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Sign up Bonus
Earn 15,000 Expedia+ bonus points


Rewards Rate
3 Expedia+ points on Expedia purchases


Extra Perks
No annual fee & complimentary Expedia+ silver status


Annual Fee
$0*


Credit Needed


								Excellent							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply onlineEarn 15,000 Expedia+ bonus points after $1,000 in purchases within 3 months of account opening*Points redeemable for $200 towards your stay at a  +VIP Access™  hotel*3 Expedia+ bonus points per $1 spent on eligible Expedia purchases including flights, hotels, activities and travel packages *1 Expedia+ bonus point per $1 spent on other purchases*Enjoy Expedia+ silver status each year of cardmembership     Earn one Elite Qualifying Hotel Night towards Expedia+ gold status for each increment of $2,500 in purchases made on the card between your January and December billing statements*  

See additional details for Expedia®+ Card from Citi

More Info


Expand Details 








Apply Now






Citi® / AAdvantage® Gold World Elite™ Mastercard®





 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



 
Click the stars to submit your rating.
Thanks for rating!
Your Rating: 

4.0/5.0 from 2 Offer Ratings
                                         Over the Past 60 Days!
                    
                


Write a full review






					(2)
					

													Over the Past 60 Days!
						                    




Apply Now 


Add to Compare





Sign Up Bonus
25,000 Bonus Miles


Intro Purchase APR
0%* for 15 months on Purchases*


Regular Purchase APR
16.74% - 24.74%* (Variable)


Annual Fee
$50, waived for first 12 months*


Credit Needed


								Excellent, Good							



Card Brand

																				Mastercard®											






Highlights

Click "APPLY NOW" to apply online0% Intro APR on balance transfers and purchases for 15 months; after that, the variable APR will be 16.74% - 24.74% based on your creditworthiness*There is a balance transfer fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greaterEarn 25,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after making $750 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening*Receive 25% savings on inflight food and beverage purchases when you use your card on American Airlines flights*Earn 1 AAdvantage® mile for every $1 spent on purchasesReduced Mileage Awards: Fly for 5,000 fewer AAdvantage® miles roundtrip to select destinations 

See additional details for Citi® / AAdvantage® Gold World Elite™ Mastercard®

More Info


Expand Details 

*General Disclaimer: See the online credit card application for details about terms and conditions. We make every effort to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. To confirm terms and conditions, click the "Apply Now" button and review info on the secure credit card terms page.




Share your experiences, tips and tricks with us!
Let others learn from your experience. Ask questions. Share your thoughts and opinions about credit cards.

There is nothing we value more than the opinions of our customers. We encourage open discussions among all users and hope we can all share advice. Please keep our site clean and safe by following our posting guidelines and please, don't disclose personal information like your credit card numbers or account information.




Load 27 Comments


Community Conversation


Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.














 Submit Comments











Sort by:

Most Recent
Most Activity







Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Dawn Jackson |  Jul 20, 2017



AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!! Called with a question about a charge on my card and it was solved and taken care of all in one phone call.


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Eileen Leah |  May 31, 2016



The customer service is right on point. They are always able to answer any questions that I may have unlike other companies out there. I have never had a problem with them. If I am late with a payment they work with me and give me a call to see what is going on and see if they can help. When I first applied for my card they walked me through all of the necessary steps to get it activated and told me about what the company could do for me. I even received a sign on bonus for opening a account with them. I was able to get 0% APR until the next year and they also had low transfer rates. Now that I have been with the company for a long time there is no way I would switch. I have also talked to some of my family and friends joining Citi and switching from the credit cards that they had. They are glad that they did and it is the only ones that they use now. They have also used Citi for loans and also personal banking.  Thank you, Citi!


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Steven Kanyock |  May 3, 2016



great card, good rate, no complaints


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Robert Reznikoff |  Apr 7, 2016



best card if paid in full every month


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Benjamin Lou |  Apr 2, 2016



What card have no foreign exchange fee?


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment




1 Reply





By: CompareCards | Apr 5, 2016
Hi Benjamin,

Of the cards offered by Citibank, these are the ones that have no foreign transaction fees:
Citi AAdvantage Platinum Select
Citi AAdvantage Executive World Elite MasterCard
Citi Prestige
Citi Hilton HHonors Reserve Card
Expedia+ Voyager Card from Citi

For the best credit cards with no foreign transaction fees from all of our partners, check out the no foreign transaction fees page!










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Marty Kowal |  Jan 12, 2016



I have an AT&T card with 20% interest. I tryed to get the CITIBANK simplicity card to transfer the balance but they won't do it!


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment




1 Reply





By: CompareCards | Jan 12, 2016
Hi Marty,

It is a rule in the credit card industry that you cannot transfer balances between credit cards issued from the same bank. The reason you are not able to transfer your balance to the Citi Simplicity is because the AT&T Access More Credit Card is issued by Citibank as well. But 20% APR is very high, so I would certainly recommend transferring your balance to a low interest credit card to avoid paying a fortune in interest. Two cards to consider that aren't issued by Citibank would be the Chase Slate, which offers 15 months with 0% APR and no balance transfer fee, or the Discover It, which has 18 months with 0% APR.










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Mohammed Y. Hussain |  Jul 12, 2015



The best card I have is Capital Visa, even though I had very  bad credit .First they gave me $300.00 limits so I build it up to $500.00. Then they sent me a Visa Credit application, I sent it for the heck of it I received the card from them I was shock.They gave me $10,000.00 limits on this visa card plus if I spent $2,000.00 in my first 2 month i will get 20,000 mile which i already got. I really feel that Capital One Is the best card. I use it for everything now just to get my mile to travel.


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Greg Melton |  Jun 19, 2015



If you have less than perfect credit, but can pay your credit card bill on time every time, get yourself a credit card from Capital One. I have a friend with excellent credit and has been a Citi card holder since 1989. Never missed a payment. His Interest rate is 19.99%. Do yourself favor contact Capital One.


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment




1 Reply





By: Vickis Smith | Jul 18, 2016
Your friend should ask to speak to an acct mgr; I've been with Citi for 22 years and have a very high credit score- my record with them is perfect and without pulling a report  they reduced my interest rate at the time to very low interest; the 19.99 makes no sense unless something negative has happened.










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Nick Miller |  Jun 5, 2015



I have been with Citi '99 and have always had excellent customer service with them.  I have called them quite a few times with various requests and have always gotten quickly through to a person.  I have even received 2 calls over the years from them asking about questionable purchases.  Both were fraudulent purchases.  They denied the charges, I never saw a charge on my statement, and they issued new cards.  Awesome company to deal with.


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment










Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.





By: Meralyn Taylor |  May 18, 2015



doublecash only mastercard, great card 2X cash back no catagories on purchases


Reply



Thank you. Your comment has been submitted and is pending editorial review.




  Submit Comment









Page:

1
2
3









These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered.






	Citibank Credit Card Review

	Citibank credit cards are issued through Citi Bank, a subsidiary of CitiGroup, which is a multinational umbrella organization encompassing dozens of major corporations within the global financial services industry. Citi operates in more than 100 different countries and boasts approximately 200 million customers.

	Citi Bank was originally founded in 1812 as a New York banking company. In the late 1990s Citi merged with Travelers Group to form the current CitiGroup brand. In addition to its credit card business CitiGroup also operates stock brokerage firms, insurance companies, investment banking services, wealth management services, and other ventures that offer financial services and related products.

	Citibank credit cards include student credit cards, travel rewards cards, and Citi credit cards that have “thank you” points programs that earn valuable rewards as you shop and make purchases. The Citi Platinum Select lineup of credit cards, for example, provide zero introductory APR offers and the Citi PremierPass card is a generous rewards credit card offering bonus points for selected purchases.









Categories

 Top Card Offers 
 Low Interest 
 Balance Transfer 
 Cash Back 
 Rewards 
 Travel 
 Business 
 No Annual Fee 








		Reviews
	








"
"
					CompareCards says issuers are providing such generous deals, they're virtually irresistible for those willing to switch.
				







"
"
					Those who always pay their balances in full and on time will usually come out ahead.
				







"
"
					The offers on the credit card landscape are constantly changing which is great news for consumers.
				







"
"
					In the future, the companies that will thrive are those able to give customers exactly what they want, the way they want it, when they want it.
				







"
"
					CompareCards was one of three sites that met all the criteria.
				









		Trusted & Secure
	



Empowering over  50,000,000 card holders
				Since 2005













Back to top ↑









×Close
ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE


CompareCards is an independent, advertising-supported credit comparison service. Offers which appear on CompareCards.com are from companies with which CompareCards.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact the location and order in which these products appear. CompareCards.com takes into consideration several proprietary rules and the likelihood of an applicants’ credit approval to determine how and where products appear on the site. CompareCards.com does not include the entire universe of available credit or financial offers.









×Close
About Our Ratings


Our editors rate credit cards objectively based on the features the credit card offers consumers, the fees and interest rates, and how a credit card compares with other cards in its category. The ratings are the expert opinion of our editors, and not influenced by any remuneration this site receives from card issuers.








 Close



Excellent Credit



700 or Higher


Credit cards for excellent credit are intended for those with a credit score of 700 or Higher.


Good Credit



700 or Higher


Credit cards for excellent credit are intended for those with a credit score of 700 or Higher.


Fair Credit



Between 600 - 659


Credit cards for fair credit are intended for those with a credit score between 600 - 659.


Bad Credit



599 or Lower


Credit cards for bad credit are intended for those with a credit score of 599 or Lower.


No/Limited Credit



- - -


Credit cards for no credit are intended for those without an established credit score.



Your Free Credit Score

No credit card required
Learn the 6 factors that impact your score
Find out how much you could save on your credit accounts


Get My Free Score




































Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi 2017 Investor Day

							                        The July 25 event featured presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
A Focused Franchise with Business Momentum
July 26, 2017

CEO Michael Corbat gives an update on the momentum we're seeing across our business following our 2017 Investor Day.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile























Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.

























Citi | Responsible Finance - Financial Ingenuity - Global Bank















Please be advised that this site is not optimized for use with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.











Citi 2017 Investor Day

							                        The July 25 event featured presentations by CEO Michael Corbat and members of Citi's senior leadership team.
						                        

Visit our Investor Day page >
















Progress Makers
Local Challenges. Global Results. 

					There is no one-size-fits-all solution to complex issues. Progress Makers empower local experts to tackle long-standing challenges in their community.
				
Read more







Citizenship
Pathways to Progress' $100 Million Commitment to Prepare 500,000 Young People for Job Market


							Pathways to Progress is Citi and the Citi Foundation's response to help relieve the issue of youth unemployment.
						

Read more





Press Release
Citi Reports 2Q Earnings per Share of $1.28
July 14, 2017
Read the release








Blog
A Focused Franchise with Business Momentum
July 26, 2017

CEO Michael Corbat gives an update on the momentum we're seeing across our business following our 2017 Investor Day.

Learn more














PRESS RELEASE
More Than 100,000 Citi Volunteers Celebrate Global Community Day
June 10, 2017



Learn more







					Mobile isn't where the world is going, it's where it already is.#Citi's Stephen Bird.
					http://on.citi.us/2iRQtvN

@Citi








Citi for cities
Hong Kong: An international partnership spanning more than 100 years

We're committed to helping Hong Kong prosper as its success continues to play an essential part in our history.

Read the city profile























Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Citi (@Citi) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      CitiVerified account



@Citi












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
14.3K
            



Following
Following
302



Followers
Followers
896K



Likes
Likes
1,774

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @Citi

Mute @Citi



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















CitiVerified account



@Citi


Serving as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth & economic progress. Customer service: @AskCiti



            New York, NY

      



 
    citigroup.com
  




Joined October 2009












                
                1,051 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Citi
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Citi
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Citi followed
        

























Citi‏Verified account @Citi

49m49 minutes ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Congrats to our client @ABBSouthAfrica who won @treasurytoday Adam Smith Award for best Africa treasury solution: http://on.citi.us/2uASemM pic.twitter.com/KXnEktOrZi
















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







Crain's New York‏Verified account @CrainsNewYork

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@Citi hopes to tap academic and startup talent at Roosevelt Island @cornell_tech campus via @dangeiger79http://cra.in/qBjdXIo 









0 replies




2 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

1h1 hour ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Citi’s Head of Operations & Technology, Don Callahan is named #9 on @iimag’s Tech 40! http://on.citi.us/2tFSxtL 





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

2h2 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Citi wins Best Bank in Singapore and Best Investment Bank in India Awards at 2017 http://on.citi.us/2uB3dN9  #EuromoneyAFE





0 replies




10 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


10




Retweeted


10








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

2h2 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Citi named Asia's Best Transaction Services Bank at 2017 @Euromoney Awards http://on.citi.us/2uBri6r  #EuromoneyAFEpic.twitter.com/nk2dluRESh
















0 replies




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

15h15 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







CEO Michael Corbat joins @JimCramer on @MadMoneyOnCNBC to discuss growth at #Citi and recap our 2017 Investor Day.http://on.citi.us/2uyBV9T 









4 replies




24 retweets




48 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


24




Retweeted


24








Like


48





Liked


48










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







CNBC‏Verified account @CNBC

17h17 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat talks regaining credibility and finding growth by scaling downhttp://cnb.cx/2uyD9lQ 









1 reply




19 retweets




27 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


19




Retweeted


19








Like


27





Liked


27










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Citi Retweeted
            







Mad Money On CNBC‏Verified account @MadMoneyOnCNBC

17h17 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"Some companies don’t get nearly enough credit for turning themselves around, & I think @Citi is a pretty classic example." -@JimCramerpic.twitter.com/yqYd4lv0mj
















0 replies




10 retweets




33 likes








Reply










Retweet


10




Retweeted


10








Like


33





Liked


33










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

17h17 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







EMEA CEO Jim Cowles discusses the strength of our network & broad geographic reach in the region at #Citi’s 2017 Investor Daypic.twitter.com/0YjfPmlFjD



















0 replies




17 retweets




21 likes








Reply










Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


21





Liked


21










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

23h23 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A focused franchise with business momentum – #Citi CEO Michael Corbat recaps our 2017 Investor Day:http://on.citi.us/2tDuUC4 









0 replies




11 retweets




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Stephen Bird #Citi Consumer Bank CEO on why he's optimistic about Citi's futurepic.twitter.com/4DwxjQpqJ5



















0 replies




17 retweets




25 likes








Reply










Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


25





Liked


25










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Head of Global Retail Banking & Mortgage, David Chubak, on #Citi's 2017 Investor Daypic.twitter.com/Y7WaIcr55m



















0 replies




22 retweets




30 likes








Reply










Retweet


22




Retweeted


22








Like


30





Liked


30










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Today we held our 2017 Investor Day. All presentation materials, a webcast replay & videos are available here: http://on.citi.us/2tA59lX 





1 reply




11 retweets




14 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


14





Liked


14










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Jane Fraser, CEO Latin America, on the importance of @Citibanamex to #Mexico & to #Citi’s global franchisepic.twitter.com/jvU35hz9eU



















1 reply




24 retweets




43 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


24




Retweeted


24








Like


43





Liked


43










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







#Citi APAC CEO, Francisco Aristeguieta, on #mobile innovation & Citi’s competitive advantage in Asia Pacific @ Citi's 2017 Investor Daypic.twitter.com/PyVwFRr9Np



















0 replies




10 retweets




21 likes








Reply










Retweet


10




Retweeted


10








Like


21





Liked


21










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"We are investing to enhance the client experience by leveraging tech to improve ease of execution." Jamie Forese http://on.citi.us/2uv5idr 





0 replies




3 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"Many of our client relationships span multiple decades – some over 100 years..."  Jamie Forese http://on.citi.us/2uuwnNV 





0 replies




2 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“Our global footprint positions us to serve traditional global businesses, as well as next generation clients.” Jamie Forese





0 replies




4 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“Our global network has evolved over the course of our history. As our clients’ footprint expanded, so too did ours.” Jamie Forese





1 reply




4 retweets




13 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Citi‏Verified account @Citi

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"We operate the largest, proprietary payment network in the world w direct connectivity to the financial system in 98 markets." Jamie Forese





1 reply




2 retweets




15 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


15





Liked


15










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Citi hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user





























Chat Window






This functionality requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript and try again.
To read the LivePerson accessibility policy, please go to the Liveperson accessibility policy page.








 
 











This functionality requires frames.To read the LivePerson accessibility policy, please go to the Liveperson accessibility policy page.









Required items indicated with *.















             This functionality requires frames. To read the LivePerson accessibility policy, please go to the Liveperson accessibility policy page.











web browser selector






Citigroup - Wikipedia






















 






Citigroup

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with CIT Group or CITIC Group.
"Citi" redirects here. For the bus service in the British cities Cambridge, Peterborough, Preston and Gloucester, see Stagecoach Group. For the car, see Volkswagen Citi Golf.

Citigroup Inc.









Citigroup headquarters in Lower Manhattan




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: C
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Citicorp
Travelers Group


Founded
June 16, 1812; 205 years ago (1812-06-16)


Headquarters
388-390 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013[1]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Michael E. O'Neill (Chairman)
Michael Corbat (CEO)
James Forese (President)


Products
Credit cards
Retail banking
Commercial bank
Investment banking
Private banking
Financial analysis


Revenue
 US$69.87 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$21.47 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$14.91 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$1.792 trillion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$225.1 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

219,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Citibank
Grupo Financiero Banamex
CitiMortgage
CitiBranded Cards
Citi Private Bank
Citibank India
Citi Securities & Banking
Citigroup Global Markets Japan
Salomon BIG
Sedna Finance


Capital ratio
10.1% (2016)[1]


Website
Citigroup.com


Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi and pronounced like "city") is an American multinational investment banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan, New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; however, Travelers was spun off from the company in 2002.[2][3] Citigroup now owns Citicorp, holding company for Citibank, and several international subsidiaries.[4]
Citigroup ranks 4th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets and is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, alongside JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo.[5] In 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size on the Fortune 500 list.[6]
In addition to U.S. money managers, its largest shareholders include Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of the Saudi royal family, and investors from Abu Dhabi and Singapore.[7]
Citigroup has over 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries.[1] Citigroup has 230,000 employees,[1] although it had 357,000 employees at its height before the financial crisis of 2007-2008.[8]
Citigroup suffered huge losses during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and was rescued in November 2008 in a massive stimulus package by the U.S. government.[9]



Contents


1 Current operations
2 History

2.1 Citicorp (1812–1985)
2.2 Travelers Group (1986–2007)

2.2.1 Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)


2.3 Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)
2.4 Spin-off of Travelers (2002)
2.5 Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)
2.6 Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)
2.7 Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)

2.7.1 Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)


2.8 Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)
2.9 Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)
2.10 Expansion of credit card operations (2011)
2.11 Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)

2.11.1 Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)
2.11.2 Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)


2.12 2015 onwards


3 Offices

3.1 New York City
3.2 Naming rights to Citi Field
3.3 Chicago


4 Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration

4.1 Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies


5 Criticism

5.1 Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas
5.2 Conflicts of interest on investment research
5.3 Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004
5.4 Plutonomy report
5.5 TARP funding
5.6 Terra Securities scandal
5.7 Allegations of theft from customer accounts
5.8 Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators
5.9 Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan
5.10 Accusations of futures market manipulation


6 Communications

6.1 Lobbying
6.2 Public and governmental relations


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Current operations[edit]




A Citi Private Bank Office


Citigroup is the holding company for the following divisions:[10][11]

Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited (UK), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan - broker dealers, including one of 24 primary dealers in United States Treasury securities.[12]

Citi's Institutional Clients Group (ICG) offers investment and corporate banking services and products for companies, governments, institutions, and ultra high-net-worth investors. ICG consists of the following five main divisions:[13][14]

Capital Markets Origination is focused on the capital-raising needs such as public offerings, private placements, and special purpose acquisition companies.[15]
Corporate & Investment Banking provides strategic and financing products and advisory services to multinational and local corporations, financial institutions, governments, and privately held businesses in more than 160 countries. It also provides client services such as mergers & acquisitions advice and underwriting of initial public offerings.[16]
Markets & Securities Services includes investor services and direct custody and clearing, hedge fund and private equity servicing, and issuer businesses. It provides financial products through underwriting, sales & trading of a range of investment assets. Products offered include servicing of equities, commodities, credit, futures, foreign exchange (FX), emerging markets, G10 rates, municipals, prime finance/brokerage services, and securitized markets, such as collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.[17] Its Citi Research team provides equity and fixed income research, company, sector, economic and geographic market analysis, and product-specific analysis for Citi's individual and institutional clients. Its flagship research reports include the following: Portfolio Strategist, Bond Market Roundup, U.S. Economics Weekly, International Market Roundup, Global Economic Outlook & Strategy and the Global Equity Strategist.[18]
Citi Private Bank advises professional investors, ultra high-net-worth individuals and families, and lawyers throughout the world. It uses an open architecture network of more than 800 private bankers and investment professionals across 46 countries and jurisdictions to provide clients access to global investment opportunities. It has over $250 billion in assets under management. The minimum net worth requirement is $25 million in liquid assets and is waived for only law firm groups and other clients under special circumstances. Citibank: Private Bank
Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS)[19] provides cash management, trade and securities services to companies, governments, and other institutions in the U.S. and more than 140 countries. TTS intermediates more than $3 trillion in global transactions daily. It has over $13 trillion assets under custody, about $377 billion in average liability balances, serves 99% of world's Fortune 100 companies and ~85% of the world's Fortune 500 companies, and has 10 regional processing centers worldwide using global processes. Institutions use TTS to support their treasury operations with global solutions for payments, collections, liquidity and investments by working in partnership with export credit agencies and development banks. It also sells supply chain financing products as well as medium- and long-term global financing programs across multiple industries. Clients doing business with Citi in 10 or more countries generate more than 60% of Transaction Services' total revenues.




Grupo Financiero Banamex - the second largest bank in Mexico, it serves about 20 million clients.
Citicorp - the holding company for Citibank as well as several international banks. Citicorp contains two core businesses, Global Consumer Banking[20] and Institutional Clients Group.[21]

Citibank Retail banking encompasses Citi's global branch network, branded Citibank. Citibank has more than 4,600 branches in the world and holds more than $300 billion in deposits. Citibank is the 4th largest retail bank in the United States based on deposits, and it has Citibank branded branches in countries throughout the world, with the exception of Mexico which is under a separate subsidiary called Banamex. Citibank offers checking and savings accounts, small business and commercial banking and personal wealth management among its services. Citibank offers Citigold services worldwide to mass affluent clients with at least US$200,000 in liquid assets. In certain markets, Citigold Select is available for clients with at least US$500,000 in liquid assets.[22] Its highest level of service, Citigold Private Client, is for high-net-worth individuals with at least $1–$3 million in liquid assets (depending on the market region) and offers access to investments and ideas from Citi Private Bank.[23][24][25][26]
Citi Branded Cards is the world's largest credit card issuer.[27]
Citi Retail Services is one of the largest providers of private label and co-branded credit cards, retail consulting services, and retail loyalty products in the U.S.[28]
Citi Commercial Bank serves 100,000 small to medium-size companies in 32 countries.[29]
CitiMortgage originates real estate mortgages.[30]



History[edit]




The Citigroup logo, 1999–present






The Citigroup logo, 2007–2011


Citigroup was formed on October 9, 1998, following the $140 billion merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group to create the world's largest financial services organization.[2] The history of the company is, thus, divided into the workings of several firms that over time amalgamated into Citicorp, a multinational banking corporation operating in more than 100 countries; or Travelers Group, whose businesses covered credit services, consumer finance, brokerage, and insurance. As such, the company history dates back to the founding of: the City Bank of New York (later Citibank) in 1812; Bank Handlowy in 1870; Smith Barney in 1873, Banamex in 1884; Salomon Brothers in 1910.[31]
Citicorp (1812–1985)[edit]
City Bank of New York was chartered by New York State on June 16, 1812, with $2 million of capital. Serving a group of New York merchants, the bank opened for business on September 14 of that year, and Samuel Osgood was elected as the first President of the company.[31] The company's name was changed to The National City Bank of New York in 1865 after it joined the new U.S. national banking system, and it became the largest American bank by 1895.[31] It became the first contributor to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 1913, and the following year it inaugurated the first overseas branch of a U.S. bank in Buenos Aires, although the bank had, since the mid-19th century, been active in plantation economies, such as the Cuban sugar industry. The 1918 purchase of U.S. overseas bank International Banking Corporation helped it become the first American bank to surpass $1 billion in assets, and it became the largest commercial bank in the world in 1929.[31] As it grew, the bank became a leading innovator in financial services, becoming the first major U.S. bank to offer compound interest on savings (1921); unsecured personal loans (1928); customer checking accounts (1936) and the negotiable certificate of deposit (1961).[31][32][33]
The bank changed its name to The First National City Bank of New York in 1955, which was shortened in 1962 to First National City Bank on the 150th anniversary of the company's foundation.[31] The company organically entered the leasing and credit card sectors, and its introduction of U.S. dollar–denominated certificates of deposit in London marked the first new negotiable instrument in market since 1888. The bank introduced its First National City Charge Service credit card—popularly known as the "Everything card" and later to become MasterCard—in 1967.[31]
In 1976, under the leadership of CEO Walter B. Wriston, First National City Bank (and its holding company First National City Corporation) was renamed as Citibank, N.A. (and Citicorp, respectively). Shortly afterward, the bank launched the Citicard, which pioneered the use of 24-hour ATMs.[31] John S. Reed was elected CEO in 1984, and Citi became a founding member of the CHAPS clearing house in London. Under his leadership, the next 14 years would see Citibank become the largest bank in the United States and the largest issuer of credit cards and charge cards in the world, and expand its global reach to over 90 countries.[31][32][33]
Travelers Group (1986–2007)[edit]




The corporate logo of Travelers Inc. (1993–1998) prior to merger with Citicorp.


Travelers Group, at the time of merger, was a diverse group of financial concerns that had been brought together under CEO Sandy Weill. Its roots came from Commercial Credit, a subsidiary of Control Data Corporation that was taken private by Weill in November 1986 after taking charge of the company earlier that year.[2][34] Two years later, Weill mastered the buyout of Primerica—a conglomerate that had already bought life insurer A L Williams as well as stock broker Smith Barney. The new company took the Primerica name, and employed a "cross-selling" strategy such that each of the entities within the parent company aimed to sell each other's services. Its non-financial businesses were spun off.[34]
In September 1992, Travelers Insurance, which had suffered from poor real estate investments[2] and sustained significant losses in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew,[35] formed a strategic alliance with Primerica that would lead to its amalgamation into a single company in December 1993. With the acquisition, the group became Travelers Inc. Property & casualty and life & annuities underwriting capabilities were added to the business.[34] Meanwhile, the distinctive Travelers red umbrella logo, which was also acquired in the deal, was applied to all the businesses within the newly named organization. During this period, Travelers acquired Shearson Lehman—a retail brokerage and asset management firm that was headed by Weill until 1985[2]—and merged it with Smith Barney.[34]
Ownership of Salomon Brothers (1997–2003)[edit]
In November 1997, Travelers Group (which had been renamed again in April 1995 when they merged with Aetna Property and Casualty, Inc.), acquired Salomon Brothers, a major bond dealer and bulge bracket investment bank, in a $9 billion transaction.[34][36] This deal complemented Travelers/Smith Barney well as Salomon was focused on fixed-income and institutional clients, whereas Smith Barney was strong in equities and retail. Salomon Brothers absorbed Smith Barney into the new securities unit termed Salomon Smith Barney; a year later, the division incorporated Citicorp's former securities operations as well. The Salomon Smith Barney name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.[37]
Merger of Citicorp and Travelers (1998–2001)[edit]
On April 6, 1998, the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group was announced to the world, creating a $140 billion firm with assets of almost $700 billion.[2] The deal would enable Travelers to market mutual funds and insurance to Citicorp's retail customers while giving the banking divisions access to an expanded client base of investors and insurance buyers.
Although presented as a merger, the deal was actually more like a stock swap, with Travelers Group purchasing the entirety of Citicorp shares for $70 billion, and issuing 2.5 new Citigroup shares for each Citicorp share. Through this mechanism, existing shareholders of each company owned about half of the new firm.[2] While the new company maintained Citicorp's "Citi" brand in its name, it adopted Travelers' distinctive "red umbrella" as the new corporate logo, which was used until 2007.
The chairmen of both parent companies, John S. Reed and Sandy Weill respectively, were announced as co-chairmen and co-CEOs of the new company, Citigroup, Inc., although the vast difference in management styles between the two immediately presented question marks over the wisdom of such a setup.
The remaining provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act—enacted following the Great Depression—forbade banks to merge with insurance underwriters, and meant Citigroup had between two and five years to divest any prohibited assets. However, Weill stated at the time of the merger that they believed "that over that time the legislation will change...we have had enough discussions to believe this will not be a problem".[2] Indeed, the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999 vindicated Reed and Weill's views, opening the door to financial services conglomerates offering a mix of commercial banking, investment banking, insurance underwriting and brokerage.[38]
Joe Plumeri worked on the post-merger integration of the two companies, and was appointed CEO of Citibank North America by Weill and Reed.[39][40] He oversaw its network of 450 retail branches.[40][41][42] J. Paul Newsome, an analyst with CIBC Oppenheimer, said: "He's not the spit-and-polish executive many people expected. He's rough on the edges. But Citibank knows the bank as an institution is in trouble—it can't get away anymore with passive selling—and Plumeri has all the passion to throw a glass of cold water on the bank."[43] Investment News speculated that a successful tenure at Citibank might lead to a promotion to head up all of Citicorp.[43] Plumeri boosted the unit's earnings from $108 million to $415 million in one year, an increase of nearly 300%.[44][45][46] He unexpectedly retired from Citibank, however, in January 2000.[47][48]
 In 2000, Citigroup acquired Associates First Capital Corporation for about $31.1 billion in stock,[49] which, until 1989, had been owned by Gulf+Western (now part of National Amusements),[50] and later by Ford.[51] The Associates was widely criticized for predatory lending practices and Citi eventually settled with the Federal Trade Commission by agreeing to pay $240 million to customers who had been victims of a variety of predatory practices, including "flipping" mortgages, "packing" mortgages with optional credit insurance, and deceptive marketing practices.[52][53]
In 2001, Citigroup made additional acquisitions: European American Bank, in July, for $1.9 billion,[54] and Banamex (assisted by independent adviser, Windsor Capital Investments Limited) in August, for $12.5 billion.[55]
Spin-off of Travelers (2002)[edit]




The current logo for Travelers Companies


The company spun off its Travelers Property and Casualty insurance underwriting business in 2002.[56] The spin off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Traveler's earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters, particularly the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in downtown New York City. It was also difficult to sell this kind of insurance directly to customers since most industrial customers are accustomed to purchasing insurance through a broker.
The Travelers Property Casualty Corporation merged with The St. Paul Companies Inc. in 2004 forming The St. Paul Travelers Companies.[57] Citigroup retained the life insurance and annuities underwriting business; however, it sold those businesses to MetLife in 2005.[58] Citigroup still sells life insurance through Citibank, but it no longer underwrites insurance.[59]
In spite of divesting Travelers Insurance, Citigroup retained Travelers' signature red umbrella logo as its own until February 2007, when Citigroup agreed to sell the logo back to St. Paul Travelers,[60] which renamed itself Travelers Companies. Citigroup also decided to adopt the corporate brand "Citi" for itself and virtually all its subsidiaries, except Primerica and Banamex.
Subprime mortgage crisis (2007)[edit]
Heavy exposure to troubled mortgages in the form of collateralized debt obligation (CDOs), compounded by poor risk management, led Citigroup into trouble as the subprime mortgage crisis worsened 2008. The company had used elaborate mathematical risk models which looked at mortgages in particular geographical areas, but never included the possibility of a national housing downturn, or the prospect that millions of mortgage holders would default on their mortgages. Trading head Thomas Maheras was close friends with senior risk officer David Bushnell, which undermined risk oversight.[61][62] As Treasury Secretary, Robert Rubin was said to be influential in lifting the regulations that allowed Travelers and Citicorp to merge in 1998. Then on the board of directors of Citigroup, Rubin and Charles Prince were said to be influential in pushing the company towards MBS and CDOs in the subprime mortgage market.
Starting in June 2006, Senior Vice President Richard M. Bowen III, the chief underwriter of Citigroup's Consumer Lending Group, began warning the board of directors about the extreme risks being taken on by the mortgage operation that could potentially result in massive losses. The group bought and sold $90 billion of residential mortgages annually. Bowen's responsibility was essentially to serve as the quality control supervisor ensuring the unit's creditworthiness. When Bowen first blew the whistle in 2006, 60% of the mortgages were defective. The amount of bad mortgages began increasing throughout 2007 and eventually exceeded 80% of the volume. Many of the mortgages were not only defective, but were fraudulent. Bowen attempted to rouse the board via weekly reports and other communications. On November 3, 2007, Bowen emailed Citigroup Chairman Robert Rubin and the bank's chief financial officer, head auditor and the chief risk management officer to again expose the risk and potential losses, claiming that the group's internal controls had broken down and requesting an outside investigation of his business unit. The subsequent investigation revealed that at the Consumer Lending Group had suffered a breakdown of internal controls since 2005. Regardless of the findings of the investigation, Bowen's charges were ignored, despite the fact that withholding such information from shareholders violated the Sarbanes–Oxley Act (SOX), which he had pointed out. Citigroup CEO Charles Prince signed a certification that the bank was in compliance with SOX despite Bowen revealing this wasn't so. Citigroup eventually stripped Bowen of most of his responsibilities and informing him that his physical presence was no longer required at the bank. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission asked him to testify about Citigroup's role in the mortgage crisis, and he did so, appearing as one of the first witnesses before the Commission in April 2010.[63][64]
As the crisis began to unfold, Citigroup announced on April 11, 2007, that it would eliminate 17,000 jobs, or about 5 percent of its workforce, in a broad restructuring designed to cut costs and bolster its long underperforming stock.[65] Even after securities and brokerage firm Bear Stearns ran into serious trouble in summer 2007, Citigroup decided the possibility of trouble with its CDO's was so tiny (less than 1/100 of 1%) that they excluded them from their risk analysis. With the crisis worsening, Citigroup announced on January 7, 2008 that it was considering cutting another 5 percent to 10 percent of its 327,000 member-workforce.[66][67]
Collapse & US Government Intervention (2008)[edit]
By November 2008, Citigroup was insolvent, despite its receipt of $25 billion in tax-payer funded federal Troubled Asset Relief Program funds. On November 17, 2008, Citigroup announced plans for about 52,000 new job cuts, on top of 23,000 cuts already made during 2008 in a huge job cull resulting from four quarters of consecutive losses and reports that it was unlikely to be in profit again before 2010. The same day on Wall Street markets responded, with shares falling and dropping the company's market capitalization to $6 billion, down from $300 billion two years prior.[68] Eventually staff cuts totaled over 100,000 employees.[69] Its stock market value dropped to $20.5 billion, down from $244 billion two years earlier.[68] Shares of Citigroup common stock traded well below $1.00 on the New York Stock Exchange.
As a result, late in the evening on November 23, 2008, Citigroup and Federal regulators approved a plan to stabilize the company and forestall a further deterioration in the company's value. On November 24, 2008, the U.S. government announced a massive stimulus package for Citigroup designed to rescue the company from bankruptcy while giving the government a major say in its operations. A joint statement by the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp announced: "With these transactions, the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy."[70][71] The arrangement called for the government to back about $306 billion in loans and securities and directly invest about $20 billion in the company. The Treasury provided $20 billion in Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) funds in addition to $25 billion given in October. The Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) agreed to cover 90% of the losses on Citigroup's $335 billion portfolio after Citigroup absorbed the first $29 billion in losses. The Treasury would assume the first $5 billion in losses; the FDIC would absorb the next $10 billion; then the Federal Reserve would assume the rest of the risk. The assets remained on Citigroup's balance sheet; the technical term for this arrangement is ring fencing.
In return the bank gave the U.S. Treasury $27 billion of preferred shares and warrants to acquire common stock. The government obtained wide powers over banking operations. Citigroup agreed to try to modify mortgages, using standards set up by the FDIC after the collapse of IndyMac Bank, with the goal of keeping as many homeowners as possible in their houses. Executive salaries would be capped[72] As a condition of the federal assistance, Citigroup's dividend payment was reduced to $0.01 per share.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the government aid provided to Citi in 2008/2009 was provided to prevent a worldwide chaos and panic by the potential collapse of its Global Transactions Services (now TTS) division. According to the article, former CEO Pandit said if Citigroup was allowed to unravel into bankruptcy, "100 governments around the world would be trying to figure out how to pay their employees".[73][74][75]
In 2009, Jane Fraser, the CEO of Citi Private Bank, stopped paying its bankers with commission for selling investment products, in a move to bolster Citi Private Bank's reputation as an independent wealth management adviser, as opposed to a product pusher.[76]
Creation of Citi Holdings (2009)[edit]
On January 16, 2009, Citigroup announced its intention to reorganize itself into two operating units: Citicorp for its retail and institutional client business, and Citi Holdings for its brokerage and asset management.[77] Citigroup will continue to operate as a single company for the time being, but Citi Holdings managers will be tasked to "take advantage of value-enhancing disposition and combination opportunities as they emerge",[77] and eventual spin-offs or mergers involving either operating unit were not ruled out.[78] Citi Holdings consists of Citi businesses that Citi wants to sell and are not considered part of Citi's core businesses. The majority of its assets are U.S. mortgages. It was created in the wake of the financial crisis as part of Citi's restructuring plan. It consists of several business entities including remaining interests in local consumer lending such as OneMain Financial, divestitures such as Smith Barney, and a special asset pool. Citi Holdings represents $156 billion of GAAP assets, or ~8% of Citigroup; 59% represents North American mortgages, 18% operating businesses, 13% special asset pool, and 10% categorized as other. Operating businesses include OneMain Financial ($10B), PrimeRe ($7B), MSSB JV ($8B) and Spain / Greece retail ($4B), less associated loan loss reserves. While Citi Holdings is a mixed bag, its primary objective is to wind down some non-core businesses and reduce assets, and strategically "breaking even" in 2015.[79]
On February 27, 2009, Citigroup announced that the U.S. government would take a 36% equity stake in the company by converting US$25 billion in emergency aid into common stock with a United States Treasury credit line of $45 billion to prevent the bankruptcy of the company.[80] The government guaranteed losses on more than $300 billion of troubled assets and injected $20 billion immediately into the company. The salary of the CEO was set at $1 per year and the highest salary of employees was restricted to $500,000. Any compensation amount above $500,000 had to be paid with restricted stock that could not be sold by the employee until the emergency government aid was repaid in full.[81][82] The U.S. government also gained control of half the seats in the Board of Directors, and the senior management was subjected to removal by the US government if there were poor performance. By December 2009, the U.S. government stake was reduced from a 36% stake to a 27% stake, after Citigroup sold $21 billion of common shares and equity in the largest single share sale in U.S. history, surpassing Bank of America's $19 billion share sale 1 month prior. By December 2010, Citigroup repaid the emergency aid in full and the U.S. government had made a $12 billion profit on its investment in the company.[83] Government restrictions on pay and oversight of the senior management were removed after the U.S. government sold its remaining 27% stake in December 2010.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that Citigroup would be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average effective June 8, 2009, due to significant government ownership. Citigroup was replaced by Travelers Co.[84]
Sale of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (2009)[edit]
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney was previously Citi Smith Barney, Citi's global private wealth management unit, providing brokerage, investment banking and asset management services to corporations, governments and individuals around the world. With over 800 offices worldwide, Smith Barney held 9.6 million domestic client accounts, representing $1.562 trillion in client assets worldwide.[85]
Citi announced on January 13, 2009 that they would give Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley investment bank to combine their brokerage firms in exchange for $2.7 billion and 49% interest in the joint venture.[86][87] The remaining 49% stake of Smith Barney owned by Citi was later sold for $13.5 billion following an appraisal by Perella Weinberg.[88]
Return to profitability, denationalization (2010)[edit]
In 2010, Citigroup achieved its first profitable year since 2007. It reported $10.6 billion in net profit, compared with a $1.6 billion loss in 2009.[89] Late in 2010, the government sold its remaining stock holding in the company, yielding an overall net profit to taxpayers of $12 billion.[90] A special IRS tax exception given to Citi allowed the US Treasury to sell its shares at a profit, while it still owned Citigroup shares, which eventually netted $12 billion. According to Treasury spokeswoman Nayyera Haq, "This (IRS tax) rule was designed to stop corporate raiders from using loss corporations to evade taxes, and was never intended to address the unprecedented situation where the government owned shares in banks. And it was certainly not written to prevent the government from selling its shares for a profit."[91]
Expansion of retail banking operations (2011)[edit]
In 2011, Citi was the first bank to introduce digitized Smart Banking branches in Washington, D.C., New York, Tokyo and Busan (South Korea) while it continued renovating its entire branch network.[92][93] New sales and service centers were also opened in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Citi Express modules, 24-hour service units, were introduced in Colombia. Citi opened new branches in three new cities in China as part of its plan to expand Citi's presence in People's Republic of China to 13 cities.
Expansion of credit card operations (2011)[edit]
Citi Branded Cards introduced several new products in 2011, including: Citi ThankYou, Citi Executive/AAdvantage and Citi Simplicity cards in the U.S.. It also has Latin America partnership cards with Colombia-based airline Avianca and with Banamex and AeroMexico; and a merchant loyalty program in Europe. Citibank is also the first and currently the only international bank to be approved by Chinese regulators to issue credit cards under its own brand without cooperating with Chinese state-owned domestic banks.[94]
Federal Reserve stress tests (2012–2016)[edit]
On March 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve reported Citigroup is one of the four financial institutions, out of 19 major banks, that failed its stress tests, designed to measure bank capital during a financial crisis. The 2012 stress tests determined whether banks could withstand a financial crisis that has unemployment at 13%, stock prices to be cut in half, and home prices decreased by 21%.[95] Citi failed the Fed stress tests due to Citi's high capital return plan and its international loans, which were rated by the Fed to be at higher risk than its domestic American loans.[96][97][98][99] Citi received half of its revenues from its international businesses. In comparison, Bank Of America, which passed the stress test and did not ask for a capital return to investors, received 78% of its revenue in the United States.[100]
By June 2012, the year of Citi's 200th anniversary, Citigroup had built up an enormous cash reserve in the wake of the financial crisis with $420 billion in surplus liquid cash and government securities.[101] As of Q1 2012, Citi had a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%, making Citi one of the best-capitalized financial institutions in the world after billions of dollars in losses from the financial crisis.[102] This was a result of selling more than $500 billion of its special assets placed in Citi Holdings, which were guaranteed from losses by the US Treasury while under federal majority ownership.[103]
In 2013, Sanjiv Das was replaced as head of CitiMortgage with Jane Fraser, former head of Citi Private Bank.[104]
On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve reported that Citigroup was one of the five financial institutions that had failed its stress tests, but that Citigroup had failed it again. Unlike in the failed stress test in 2012, the Fed failed Citigroup on qualitative concerns, which were left unresolved despite regulatory warnings, versus quantitative calculations. The report specifically states as quoted that Citigroup failed "to project revenues and losses under a stressful scenario for material parts of the firm's global operations and its ability to develop scenarios for its internal stress testing that adequately reflects its full range business activities and exposures." The Fed did not state the $400 million fraud at Oceanografia,[105] which forced Citigroup to revise to lower earnings, as a reason.[106][107][108]
On March 11, 2015, Citi has passed its first CCAR test,[109] allowing it to raise its dividend to 5 cent a share and unveiling a plan for a $7.8 billions of stock repurchase.[110]
In April 2016, Citigroup announced that it would eliminate its bad bank, Citi Holdings.[111]
On June 23, 2016, Federal Reserve handed Citi a passing grade on its stress test the second time in a row, giving permission to triple its dividend to 16 cent a share and approving a $8.6 billion stock repurchase program,[112]
Spin-off of Napier Park Global Capital (2013)[edit]
Citi Capital Advisors (CCA),[113] formerly Citi Alternative Investments, was a Citi Hedge fund that offers various investment strategies across multiple asset classes, ranging from market strategies to infrastructure and private equity investing for institutional and high-net-worth investors. Due to US regulations as part of the Volcker rule to limit bank ownership in hedge funds to no more than 3%, Citi spun off its hedge fund unit with its managers owning a significant part of the new company.[114] The spin-off of CCA created Napier Park Global Capital, a $6.8 billion hedge fund with more than 100 employees in New York and London. The new company will be managed by Jim O’Brien and Jonathan Dorfman, who would serve as co-CEOs and were former Citi executives managing CCA. Citigroup will continue to retain a sizable minority position in the new firm, but will slowly withdraw its capital over time by the July 2014 deadline stipulated by the Volcker Rule.[115][116][117][118]
Downsizing of consumer banking unit (2014)[edit]
In October 2014, Citigroup announced it will exit consumer banking in 11 markets, including Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Japan, Guam, the Czech Republic, Egypt, South Korea (consumer finance only), and Hungary.[119]
2015 onwards[edit]
In May 2015, the bank announced the sale of its margin foreign exchange business, including CitiFX Pro and TradeStream, to FXCM and Denmark’s SAXO Bank for an undisclosed amount. Despite this deal, industry surveys pegged Citi as the biggest banking player in the forex market. The company's remaining foreign exchange sales & trading businesses continued operating in the wake of this deal under the leadership of James Bindler, who succeeded Jeff Feig as the firm's global head of foreign exchange in 2014.[120][121]
In July 2015, Citi agreed to sell its retail and commercial banking operations in Panama and Costa Rica to Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank). The operations being sold include 27 branches serving approximately 250,000 clients in the two countries. Citi will continue to offer corporate and institutional banking and wealth management in Panama and Costa Rica.[122]
In November 2015, Springleaf acquired OneMain Financial from Citigroup.[123][124]
On April 1, 2016, Citigroup became the exclusive issuer of Costco's credit cards and that Visa Inc. replaced American Express as the credit-card network for Costco’s stores. Costco accepts other Visa cards as well.[125][126]
In April 2016, Citi was given regulatory approval for its 'living will,' its plans to shut down operations in the event of another financial crisis.[127]
Offices[edit]




Citigroup EMEA headquarters at the Citigroup Centre, London, Canary Wharf, London






Citigroup Centre, Sydney


New York City[edit]
Citigroup Center, a diagonal-roof skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, is Citigroup's most famous office building, which despite popular belief is not the company's headquarters building. Citigroup has its headquarters across the street in an anonymous-looking building at 399 Park Avenue (the site of the original location of the City National Bank).[128] The headquarters includes 9 luxury dining rooms, with a team of private chefs preparing a different menu each day. The management team offices are on the second and third floors above a Citibank branch. Citigroup also owns a building in Tribeca, Manhattan at 388 Greenwich Street that serves as headquarters for its Investment and Corporate Banking operations and was the former headquarters of the Travelers Group.[129]
All of Citigroup's New York City real estate, excluding the company's Smith Barney division and Wall Street trading division, lies along the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line, served by the E M trains. Consequently, the company's Midtown buildings—including 787 Seventh Avenue, 666 Fifth Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, 485 Lexington, 153 East 53rd Street (Citigroup Center) in Manhattan, and One Court Square in Long Island City, Queens, are all on the short four-stop corridor of the Queens Boulevard Line between Court Square and Seventh Avenue.[130]
Naming rights to Citi Field[edit]
Citigroup owns the naming rights to Citi Field, the home ballpark of the New York Mets Major League Baseball team, via a $400 million, 20-year deal that commenced with the stadium opening in 2009.[131][132]
Chicago[edit]




Citigroup Center, Chicago


Citicorp Center in Chicago has a series of curved archways at its peak, and sits across the street from major competitor ABN AMRO's ABN AMRO Plaza. It has shops and restaurants serving Metra customers via the Ogilvie Transportation Center.[133]
Regulatory action, lawsuits, and arbitration[edit]
In 2004, Japanese regulators took action against Citibank Japan loaning to a customer involved in stock manipulation. The regulator suspended bank activities in one branch and three offices, and restricted their consumer banking division. In 2009, Japanese regulators again took action against Citibank Japan, because the bank had not set up an effective money laundering monitoring system. The regulators suspended sales operations within Citibank's retail banking for a month.[134]
On March 23, 2005, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the former name of the American self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FInRA) announced total fines of $21.25 million against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., American Express Financial Advisors and Chase Investment Services regarding suitability and supervisory violations of their mutual fund sales practices between January 2002 and July 2003. The case against Citigroup involved recommendations and sales of Class B and Class C shares of mutual funds.[135]
On June 6, 2007, FInRA announced more than $15 million in fines and restitution against Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., to settle charges related to misleading documents and inadequate disclosure in retirement seminars and meetings for BellSouth Corp. employees in North Carolina and South Carolina. FInRA found that Citigroup did not properly supervise a team of brokers located in Charlotte, N.C., who used misleading sales materials during dozens of seminars and meetings for hundreds of BellSouth employees.[136]
In July 2010, Citigroup agreed to pay $75 million to settle civil charges that it misled investors over potential losses from high-risk mortgages. The Securities and Exchange Commission said that Citigroup had made misleading statements about the company's exposure to subprime mortgages. In 2007, Citigroup indicated that their exposure was less than $13 billion, when in fact it was over $50 billion.[137]
In April 2011, an arbitration panel ordered Citigroup Inc to pay $54.1 million for losses from municipal securities funds that cratered between 2007 and 2008.[138]
In August 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay almost $25 million to settle an investor lawsuit alleging the bank misled investors about the nature of mortgage-backed securities. The lawsuit was on behalf of investors who purchased certificates in one of two mortgage-backed securities trusts from Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc in 2007.[139]
In February 2012, Citigroup agreed to pay $158.3 million to settle claims that it falsely certified the quality of loans issued by its CitiMortgage unit over a period of more than six years, so that they would qualify for insurance from the Federal Housing Administration. The lawsuit was initially brought by Sherry Hunt, a CitiMortgage employee.[140][141]
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[142] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[143] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
In 2014, Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion to resolve claims it misled investors about shoddy mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said "The bank’s misconduct was egregious. [...] As a result of their assurances that toxic financial products were sound, Citigroup was able to expand its market share and increase profits" and that "the settlement did not absolve the bank or its employees from facing criminal charges."[144]
In July 2015, Citigroup was fined $70 million by the United States Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and ordered to pay $700 million to customers. Citigroup had conducted illegal practices in marketing add-on products for credit cards, including credit monitoring, debt-protection products and wallet-protection services.[145]
In January 2017, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. was fined $25 million by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for order spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets, i.e., placing orders that were intended to be cancelled before execution, and for failing to diligently supervise its employees with regard to spoofing.[146]
Enron, WorldCom, and Global Crossing bankruptcies[edit]
On October 22, 2001, Citigroup was sued for violating federal securities laws by misrepresenting Citigroup's Enron-related exposure in its 2001 Annual Report and elsewhere, and failing to disclose the true extent of Citigroup's legal liability arising out of its 'structured finance' deals with Enron.[147] In 2003, Citigroup paid $145 million in fines and penalties to settle claims by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Manhattan district attorney's office.[148]
In 2004, Citigroup paid $2.65 billion to settle a lawsuit concerning its role in selling stocks and bonds for WorldCom, the second largest telecommunications company in the world, inflating the earnings for 2001 and the first quarter of 2002,[149] and paid $2.575 billion for settlement, which collapsed in 2002 in an accounting scandal.[150][151][152]
In 2005, Citigroup paid $75 million to settle a lawsuit from investors in Global Crossing, which filed bankruptcy in 2002.[153] Citigroup was accused of issuing exaggerated research reports and not disclosing conflicts of interest.[154] On February 5, 2002, Citigroup Inc had a lawsuit for violating federal securities laws and misled investors by issuing false information about Global Crossing’s and Asia Global Crossing’s revenues and financial performance,[155] and paid $75 million for settlement.
In 2005, Citigroup paid $2 billion to settle a lawsuit filed by investors in Enron.[156][157]
On November 8, 2007, Citigroup was sued manipulating and inflating its stock price by misrepresentations and omissions of what amounted to more than two years of income and an entire line of business,[158] and paid $590 million for settlement. Class action service companies like Chicago Clearing Corporation helped many financial institutions, like hedge funds, mutual funds, and bank trust, regain this money after holding what appeared to be a seemingly safe investment.[citation needed]
In 2008, Citigroup paid $1.66 billion to the Enron Bankruptcy Estate, which represented creditors of the bankrupt company.[159][160]
In 2008, Citigroup paid out over $3 billion in fines and legal settlements for their role in financing Enron Corporation, which collapsed amid a financial scandal in 2001.[159]
Criticism[edit]
Alleged money laundering by Raul Salinas[edit]
In 1998, the General Accounting Office issued a report critical of Citibank's handling of funds received from Raul Salinas de Gortari, brother of Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico. The report, titled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," indicated that Citibank facilitated the transfer of millions of dollars through complex financial transactions that hid the funds' paper trail. The report indicated that Citibank took on Salinas as a client without making a thorough inquiry as to how he made his fortune, an omission that a Citibank official called a violation of the bank's "know your customer" policy.[161]
Conflicts of interest on investment research[edit]
In December 2002, Citigroup paid fines totaling $400 million, to states and the federal government as part of a settlement involving charges that ten banks, including Citigroup, deceived investors with biased research. The total settlement with the ten banks was $1.4 billion. The settlement required that the banks separate investment banking from research, and ban any allocation of IPO shares.[162]
Citigroup proprietary government bond trading scandal of 2004[edit]
Citigroup was criticized for disrupting the European bond market by rapidly selling €11 billion worth of bonds on August 2, 2004 on the MTS Group trading platform, driving down the price, and then buying it back at cheaper prices.[163]
Plutonomy report[edit]
In a leaked report for their investor clients from 2005, a team of global strategists at Citigroup wrote an analysis of the global distribution of wealth and consumers. In it, they state that global imbalances have grown to the extent as to justify talking of a plutonomy, and demand for a renewed understanding of how this impacts consumption. The authors cite data showing that the top 1% households in the US economy account for about 20% of the total income in 2000, which is roughly equal to the share of the bottom 60% of households put together. Moreover, in terms of wealth they demonstrate even more inequality such that "[T]he top 1% of households also account for 33% of net worth, greater than the bottom 90% of households put together. It gets better (or worse, depending on your political stripe) - the top 1% of households account for 40% of financial net worth, more than the bottom 95% of households put together."[164]:3 Of the current plutonomies (namely United States, United Kingdom, and Canada), they describe six key drivers: "...an ongoing [bio-]technological revolution; capitalist-friendly governments and tax regimes; globalization that re-arranges global supply chains with mobile well-capitalized elites and immigrants; greater financial complexity and innovation; the rule of law, and patent protection are all well."[164]:9 In the report, the authors advocate to maintain unequal distribution of wealth in the sense that "…society and governments need to be amenable to disproportionately allow/encourage the few to retain that fatter profit share. The Managerial Aristocracy, like in the Gilded Age, the Roaring Twenties, and the thriving nineties, needs to commandeer a vast chunk of that rising profit share, either through capital income, or simply paying itself a lot."[164]:10 Moreover, the authors say that in industrialize countries, there seems to be a relationship between income concentration (plutonomy) and the household savings rates such that the latter tend to fall in plutonomies.[164]:18 The ultimate objective of their report is to examine how to make money of this.[164]:21 The report has also figured in Michael Moore's Capitalism: A love Story while his portrayal of the report has been criticized by the authors.[165] Later reports by the same principal author mainly confirmed the previous findings.[166][167]
TARP funding[edit]
In a New York Times op-ed, Michael Lewis and David Einhorn described the November 2008 $306 billion guarantee as "an undisguised gift" without any real crisis motivating it.[168]
According to New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Citigroup paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bonuses to more than 1,038 of its employees after it had received its $45 billion TARP funds in late 2008. This included 738 employees each receiving $1 million in bonuses, 176 employees each receiving $2 million bonuses, 124 each receiving $3 million in bonuses, and 143 each receiving bonuses of $4 million to more than $10 million.[169] As a result of the criticism and the U.S. Government's majority holding of Citigroup's common shares, compensation and bonuses were restricted from February 2009 until December 2010.[170]
Terra Securities scandal[edit]
In November 2007 it became public that Citigroup was heavily involved in the Terra Securities scandal, which involved investments by eight municipalities of Norway in various hedge funds in the United States bond market.[171] The funds were sold by Terra Securities ASA to the municipalities, while the products were delivered by Citigroup. Terra Securities ASA filed for bankruptcy November 28, 2007, the day after they received a letter[172] from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway announcing withdrawal of permissions to operate. The letter stated, "The Supervisory Authority contends that Citigroup's presentation, as well as the presentation from Terra Securities ASA, appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted."
Allegations of theft from customer accounts[edit]
In August 2008, Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $18 million in refunds and fines to settle accusations by California Attorney General Jerry Brown that it wrongly took funds from the accounts of credit card customers. Citigroup paid $14 million of restitution to roughly 53,000 customers nationwide. A three-year investigation found that Citigroup from 1992 to 2003 used an improper computerized "sweep" feature to move positive balances from card accounts into the bank's general fund, without telling cardholders.[173] Brown said that Citigroup "knowingly stole from its customers, mostly poor people and the recently deceased, when it designed and implemented the sweeps...When a whistleblower uncovered the scam and brought it to his superiors [in 2001], they buried the information and continued the illegal practice."[173]
Potential restructuring and liquidation by regulators[edit]
In September 2011, former Wall Street reporter Ron Suskind stated that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ignored a 2009 order from President Barack Obama to break up Citigroup in an enormous restructuring and liquidation process.[174][page needed] According to Suskind, Obama wanted to restructure the bank into several leaner and smaller companies while Geithner was executing stress tests of American financial institutions.
Robert Kuttner wrote in his 2010 book A Presidency in Peril that in spring 2009, Geithner and chief economic adviser Larry Summers believed that they could not seize, liquidate and break up Citigroup because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so.[page needed]
The Treasury Department denied Suskind's account in an e-mail to the media stating "This account is simply untrue. The directive given by the president in March 2009, was to develop a contingency plan for tough restructurings if the government ended up owning large shares of institutions at the conclusion of the stress tests that Secretary Geithner worked aggressively to put in place as part of the Administration's Financial Stability Plan. While Treasury began work on those contingency plans, there was fortunately never a need to put them in place."[175][176]
Shareholder rejection of executive compensation plan[edit]
At Citi's 2012 annual shareholders' meeting on April 17, Citi's executive compensation package was rejected, with approximately 55% of the votes being against approval. The non-binding vote was required under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires corporations to hold advisory shareholder votes on their executive compensation plans. Many shareholders expressed concerns about Citi's failed 2012 Fed stress test and lack of long-term performance-based metrics in its executive compensation plan. One of the largest and most activist of the shareholders voting no, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, stated Citi "has not anchored rewards to performance".[177] A Citigroup shareholder filed a lawsuit days after the vote, claiming Citi executives breached their fiduciary duties.[178] In response, Richard Parsons, former chairman of Citigroup, called the vote a "serious matter". A spokeswoman for Citi said "Citi's Board of Directors takes the shareholder vote seriously, and along with senior management will consult with representative shareholders to understand their concerns" and that the Compensation committee of the Board "will carefully consider their (shareholder) input as we move forward".[179][180][181][182]
Accusations of futures market manipulation[edit]
In January 2017, bank regulators fined Citigroup $25 million on account of five traders from the bank having manipulated U.S. Treasury futures more than 2,500 times between July 2011 and December 2012. Citigroup was criticized for failing to adequately supervise its traders and for not having systems in place to detect spoofing, which involves entering fake orders designed to fool others into thinking prices are poised to rise or fall.[183]
Communications[edit]
Lobbying[edit]
Between 1998 and 2014, Citigroup spent nearly $100 million lobbying the federal government.[184] As of 2008, Citigroup was the 16th largest political campaign contributor in the US, out of all organizations, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. From 1989 to 2006, members of the firm donated over $23,033,490, 49% of which went to Democrats and 51% of which went to Republicans.[185] Matthew Vadum, a senior editor at the conservative Capital Research Center, acknowledged these figures, but pointed out that Citigroup had been "a longtime donor to left-wing pressure groups", and referred to a Capital Research Center Foundation Watch 2006 study of Fortune 100 foundation giving, where Citigroup's foundation gave "20 times more money to groups on the left than to groups on the right" during tax year 2003.[186]
In 2014 Citigroup’s PAC contributed $804,000 to campaigns of various members of Congress, i.e. 162 members of the House, including 72 Democrats, where donations averaged about $5,000 per candidate. Of the 57 Democrats supporting the 2015 Spending bill, 34 had received campaign cash from Citigroup’s PAC at some point since 2010.[187] Citigroup’s 2014 donations favored Republicans only slightly. The bank’s PAC had been nearly as generous to Democrats as Republicans – $30,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (the maximum) and $10,000 to the 'New Democrat Coalition', a group of moderate Democrats most of whom voted for the 2015 spending package. Citibank’s PAC made donations to both the campaigns and the leadership PACs of many top Democrats who voted for the 2015 spending bill, including Steny Hoyer (Md.) House Democratic Whip and Representatives Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida.).[187]
Public and governmental relations[edit]
In 2009, former chairman Richard Parsons hired long-time Washington, D.C. lobbyist Richard F. Hohlt to advise him and the company about relations with the U.S. government, though not to lobby for the company. While some speculated anonymously that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would have been a particular focus of Hohlt's attention, Hohlt said he'd had no contact with the government insurance corporation. Some former regulators found room to criticize Hohlt's involvement with Citigroup, because of his earlier involvement with the financial-services industry during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Hohlt responded that though mistakes were made in the earlier episode he'd never been investigated by any government agency and his experience gave him reason to be back in the "operating room" as parties address the more recent crisis.[188]
In 2010, the company named Edward Skyler, formerly in New York City government and at Bloomberg LP, to its senior public and governmental relations position.[189] Before Skyler was named and before he began his job search, the company reportedly held discussions with three other individuals to fill the position: NY Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's "political guru ... [who] spearheaded ... his short-lived flirtation with a presidential run ..., who will soon leave City Hall for a position at the mayor's company, Bloomberg L.P. .... After Mr. Bloomberg's improbable victory in the 2001 mayor's race, both Mr. Skyler and Mr. Sheekey followed him from his company to City Hall. Since then, they have been a part of an enormously influential coterie of advisers"; Howard Wolfson, the former communications director for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and Mr. Bloomberg's re-election bid; and Gary Ginsberg, now at Time Warner and formerly at News Corporation.[190]
See also[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



List of acquired or bankrupt banks in the late 2000s financial crisis
List of systemically important banks
Systemically important financial institution
Too big to fail
List of banks
Citi Orient Securities

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h i j Citigroup Inc. 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ a b c d e f g h Martin, Mitchell (April 7, 1998). "Citicorp and Travelers Plan to Merge in Record $70 billion Deal". The New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup to spin Travelers". CNN. December 19, 2001. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ ONeil, Erin (August 2, 2016). "The Biggest Banks in the United States". The Balance. 
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune Magazine. 
^ MARTENS, PAM (September 6, 2012). "Did Citigroup defraud billions from Abu Dhabi?". Salon.com. 
^ "Citigroup's 52,000 layoffs will impact IT". news.idg.no. November 18, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 26, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citigroup Material Legal Entities
^ About Citi: Citi at a Glance
^ "Primary Dealers List". Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
^ Citi's Institutional Clients Group: About Us
^ Citigroup Institutional Businesses
^ Citigroup: Capital Markets Origination
^ Citigroup ICG: Corporate and Investment Banking
^ Citigroup: Markets & Securities Services
^ Citi Research
^ Citigroup: Treasury and Trade Solutions
^ Citigroup: Global Consumer Banking
^ Global Financial Institution & Corporate Banking Services
^ "Citibank Launches Citigold Select for High Net Worth Clients". The Financial Express (India). March 26, 2008. 
^ Citigold® Private Client
^ Citigold Private Client Singapore
^ Citigold® Private Client Brochure
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (May 29, 2012). "Citi seeks its next act in wealth management". Reuters. 
^ Citigroup:Consumer Businesses: Credit Cards
^ Citi Retail Services
^ Citibank Online – Commercial Banking
^ CitiMortgage
^ a b c d e f g h i Citigroup: History
^ a b Enrich, David; Kapner, Suzanne; Fitzpatrick, Dan (October 17, 2012). "Pandit Ousted As CEO Of Citi". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ a b Craft, Matthew (October 16, 2012). "Citigroup picks veteran to replace Pandit as CEO". Associated Press. 
^ a b c d e "About Citi – Primerica Financial Services". Citigroup. Archived from the original on March 27, 2008. Retrieved October 5, 2011. 
^ "Survival Insurance". TIME. June 24, 2001. Retrieved September 17, 2007. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 28, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Morgan Stanley Is Killing 'Smith Barney' — Here's The Story Of How It Died". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-04-10. 
^ Heakal, Reem (July 16, 2003). "What Was The Glass–Steagall Act?". Investopedia. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ Mcleod, Doughas (October 1, 2000). "Plumeri next Willis CEO". Business Insurance. Retrieved May 21, 2015 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Ruquet, Mark E. (October 9, 2000). "Willis Names Plumeri New Chairman/CEO". National Underwriter Property & Casualty-Risk & Benefits Managementv. Retrieved May 21, 2015. 
^ "Joseph J. Plumeri Profile". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2010. 
^ "Citi Veteran to Lead U.K. Insurance Broker.(Joseph J. Plumeri moves to Willis Group)". American Banker. September 27, 2000. Retrieved July 15, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ a b Nash, Jeff (April 19, 1999). "The Chief Preacher: Joe Plumeri – Citibank Finds Sales Religion". Investment News. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Commerce adds Plumeri to Board of Directors". Philadelphia Business Journal. November 19, 2003. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Joe Plumeri". International Risk Management Institute. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Breaking with Tradition: Willis Re-energized", Risk Transfer Magazine, April 1, 2004
^ "Joe Plumeri, Playing in Traffic: with his quest for adventure and 'just go for it' philosophy, the CEO of insurance broker Willis Group Holdings has got the competitive spirit kicking in again at this 175-year-old company". Directors & Boards. June 22, 2004. Retrieved July 15, 2010. 
^ Moyer, B. Liz (December 6, 1999). "After Turnover At Citi, More Deals Expected". American Banker. Retrieved July 16, 2010 – via HighBeam Research. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Mcgeehan, Patrick (September 7, 2000). "Citigroup to Buy Associates First for $31 Billion". New York Times. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Simnacher, Joe (August 13, 1989). "Associates Widens Ford`s Road". Chicago Tribune. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles FTC Charges Against the Associates Record-Setting $215 million for Subprime Lending Victims". FTC. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 13, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 17, 2001". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Travelers Group, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 31, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Citibank: Insurance
^ "Citigroup, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Oct 31, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Thomas, Landon Jr. (January 27, 2008). "What's $34 billion on Wall Street?". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 23, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "Prosecuting Wall Street". CBS News: 60 Minutes. December 5, 2011. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Richard Bowen: Bio". Richard Bowen:Citigroup Whistleblower & Speaker on Accountable Leadership. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 11, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Plumb, Christian (January 1, 2008). "Citi mulls cutting work force by 5 to 10 percent: report". Reuters. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan; Wilchins, Dan (April 12, 2007). "Citigroup to slash 17,000 jobs". Reuters. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b Dash, Eric; Creswell, Julie (November 22, 2008). "Citigroup Saw No Red Flags Even as It Made Bolder Bets". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ "Citigroup job cull to hit 75,000". BBC News. November 17, 2008. Retrieved November 17, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David; Mollenkamp, Carrick; Rieker, Matthias; Paletta, Damian; Hilsenrath, Jon (November 24, 2008). "U.S. Agrees to Rescue Struggling Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. 
^ FRB: Press Release-Joint statement by Treasury, Federal Reserve, and the FDIC on Citigroup-November 23, 2008. Federalreserve.gov (November 23, 2008). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Dash, Eric (November 23, 2008). "U.S. Approves Plan to Help Citigroup Weather Losses". The New York Times. Retrieved November 23, 2008. 
^ Enrich, David (January 12, 2010). "Citi Unit Grows -- With Feds' Help". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Ovide, Shira (November 29, 2010). "The Overlooked Gem Inside Citigroup". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Gelinas, Nicole (November 25, 2008). "THE TRUE LESSONS OF CITI’S COLLAPSE". New York Post. 
^ Bart, Katharina (November 18, 2010). "Citi private bank targets doubled growth". Marketwatch. 
^ a b "Citi to Reorganize into Two Operating Units to Maximize Value of Core Franchise" (Press release). Citigroup. January 16, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (January 17, 2009). "Citigroup Reports Big Loss and a Breakup Plan". New York Times. 
^ "Citi: Focus on Execution" (PDF). Retrieved June 21, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Feb 27, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Andrews, Edmund L.; Bajaj, Vikas (February 4, 2009). "U.S. Plans $500,000 Cap on Executive Pay in Bailouts". New York Times. (subscription required)
^ Weisman, Jonathan; Lublin, Joann S. (February 4, 2009). "Obama Lays Out Limits on Executive Pay". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Lawder, David (December 7, 2010). "U.S. exits Citigroup stake and earns $12 billion profit". Reuters. (subscription required)
^ Browning, E.S. (June 1, 2009). "Travelers, Cisco Replace Citi, GM in Dow". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company. Retrieved November 1, 2009. 
^ "Citigroup – Our Businesses". Citigroup. Retrieved September 13, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 14, 2009". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Sees Brokerage’s Fair Value Rising Before Sale". Businessweek. May 4, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ Aaron Lucchetti (October 16, 2012). "Pandit Missed Out on a Sweeter Smith Barney Deal". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Guererra, Francesco (January 18, 2011), "Results mute celebrations at Citigroup", Financial Times, retrieved January 25, 2011 
^ Dennis, Brady (December 7, 2010). "Government sells remaining shares in Citigroup; investment to net $12 billion total profit for taxpayers". Washington Post. 
^ Appelbaum, Binyamin (December 15, 2009). "U.S. gave up billions in tax money in deal for Citigroup's bailout repayment". Washington Post. 
^ "Citibank Opens Full-Service, Smart Banking Consumer Outlet at Chongqing Airport". Citigroup. March 31, 2011. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citibank Japan Ltd. Announces Opening of First Smart Banking Branches in Citi's Global Network". Citigroup. April 9, 2010. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "CORRECT: Citigroup Obtains Approval For Credit Card Business In China". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 6, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup, other big US banks flunk 'stress tests'". CBS News. November 15, 2012. 
^ Gongloff, Mark (March 13, 2012). "These Guys Just Can't Cut It". The Huffington Post. 
^ Benoit, David (March 13, 2012). "Stress Tests: Official Statements From Banks". Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ "Citi among banks that fail Fed stress test". MarketWatch. March 13, 2012. 
^ "The Feds Stress Test Summary Results and Implications". Forbes Magazine. March 28, 2012. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (April 8, 2012). "Taking the Measure of Citigroup and Bank of America". New York Times. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citigroup Reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings per Share of $0.95 – $1.11 Excluding the Impact of Negative CVA/DVA and a Net Gain on Minority Investments". Citigroup.com. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "Citi Statement on Moody's Announcement". Citigroup.com. September 21, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Aspan, Maria (May 20, 2013). "Citi Replaces Das with Fraser in Possible Sign of Mortgage Push". American Banker. (subscription required)
^ "Citigroup Faces Fraud Suit Claiming $1.1 Billion in Losses". Bloomberg. 27 February 2016. Retrieved 27 February 2017. 
^ "Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 2014: Assessment Framework and Results" (PDF). Federal Reserve System. March 2014. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Silver-Ggeenberg, Jessica (March 27, 2014). "Failing Stress Test Is Another Stumble for Citigroup". The New York Times. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ Kapner, Suzanne; Armour, Stephanie; Steinberg, Julie (March 27, 2014). "'Stress Test' Failure Sparked Scramble at Citigroup". Online Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 3, 2014. 
^ "FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve releases results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)--March 11, 2015". www.federalreserve.gov. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Monica, Paul R. La (2015-03-11). "Citi passes Fed stress test but BofA gets an incomplete". CNNMoney. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (April 15, 2016). "Citigroup Plans to Eliminate Shrinking Citi Holdings Unit". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Rexrode, Christina (2016-06-29). "Citigroup More Than Triples Its Dividend After Passing Stress Test". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-08-12. 
^ Citi Capital Advisors. Citi Capital Advisors. Retrieved on December 6, 2013.
^ "Citigroup to Allow Managers to Own Part of Hedge-Fund Unit". Businessweek. February 28, 2012. Retrieved September 2, 2012. 
^ "A Citi Hedge Fund Business Prepares for Life on Its Own". New York Times. February 28, 2013. 
^ Napier Park Global Capital completes spinout from Citigroup. Hedgeweek (March 4, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ Citigroup spins off alternative asset management arm. Efinancialnews.com (March 3, 2013). Retrieved on July 18, 2013.
^ "Napier Park Global Capital Completes Spinout from Citigroup". Wall Street Journal. March 1, 2013. Archived from the original on May 11, 2013. 
^ Campbell, Dakin (October 14, 2014). "Citigroup to Exit Consumer Banking in 11 Markets". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Patrick Graham (22 May 2015). "Citigroup selling retail online FX trading platform to FXCM, Saxo Bank". Reuters. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ Anna Prior (20 June 2014). "Citigroup Names James Bindler Currencies Chief". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 February 2017. 
^ "Scotiabank to Acquire Citigroup's Retail and Commercial Banking Operations in Panama and Costa Rica" (Press release). Scotiabank. July 14, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Financial to Acquire OneMain Financial" (Press release). Business Wire. March 3, 2015. 
^ "Springleaf Holdings Announces Closing of OneMain Acquisition and Ticker Symbol Change" (Press release). Business Wire. November 16, 2015. 
^ "What to Expect From Costco's New Deal With Visa". mysanantonio.com. 
^ "Costco names Citi, Visa as new credit card partners after AmEx deal ends". Los Angeles Times. March 2, 2015. Retrieved July 1, 2015. 
^ "Citigroup quarterly profits plunge 27% - BBC News". BBC News. Retrieved 2016-04-19. 
^ Geiger, Daniel (December 19, 2013). "In $1B deal, Citi moves HQ downtown". Crain Communications. 
^ Putzier, Konrad (June 13, 2016). "Citigroup closes on $1.8B buy of Tribeca HQ from SL Green". The Real Deal. 
^ "mta.info | MTA Subway Map". Metropolitan Transportation Authority. 
^ Buxbaum, Evan (April 13, 2009). "Mets and the Citi: $400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some". CNN. 
^ Van Riper, Tom (February 7, 2009). "Why The Mets Deal Is Right For Citi". Forbes. 
^ Lorentz, Wayne. "Citigroup Center". Chicago Architecture Info. Part of the reason for the spread at the bottom of the building is to incorporate a shopping mall and the Ogilvie Transportation Center, a busy suburban commuter railroad station. 
^ Nicholson, Chris (June 26, 2009). "Japan Slaps Sanctions on Citibank". The New York Times. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (March 23, 2005). "NASD Fines Citigroup Global Markets, American Express and Chase Investment Services More Than $21 million for Improper Sales of Class B and C Shares of Mutual Funds". FInRA. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Condon, Nancy; Herb Perone (June 6, 2006). "Citigroup Global Markets to Pay Over $15 million to Settle Charges Relating to Misleading Documents and Inadequate Disclosure in Retirement Seminars, Meetings for BellSouth Employees". FInRA. Retrieved September 19, 2007. 
^ "Citigroup agrees $75m fraud fine". BBC News. July 29, 2010. 
^ "Citi ordered by panel to pay investors $54 million". reuters.com. April 12, 2011. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ Jessica Dye (August 27, 2012). "Citigroup to settle MBS suit for $24.9 million". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved August 26, 2013. 
^ "Complaint, United States of America ex rel Sherry A. Hunt v. Citigroup, Inc. et al" (PDF). PacerMonitor. PacerMonitor. Retrieved 16 June 2016. 
^ "Citigroup pays $158 mln in US mortgage fraud pact". Reuters. February 16, 2012. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved 15 June 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Corkery, Michael (July 14, 2014). "Citigroup Settles Mortgage Inquiry for $7 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ Dakin Campbell (2015-07-22). "Citigroup to Pay Customers $700 Million in Card Settlement". Bloomberg. 
^ "CFTC Orders Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to Pay $25 Million for Spoofing in U.S. Treasury Futures Markets and for Related Supervision Failures". Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 2017-01-19. 
^ "Citigroup, Inc.". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 28, 2003". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Defendants To Pay $2.65 Billion In Settlement Of All Claims Against Them In Worldcom Securities Class Action". 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2004" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Citigroup Settles WorldCom Case". Los Angeles Times. May 11, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup Reaches Settlement on WorldCom Class Action Litigation for $1.64 Billion After-Tax" (Press release). Business Wire. May 10, 2004. 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 2, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ "Global Crossing Investors Settle With Citigroup". The New York Times. March 3, 2005. 
^ "Court-Ordered Legal Notice Case No. 02 Civ. 910 (GEL)" (PDF). 
^ "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 10, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Johnson, Carrie (June 11, 2005). "Citigroup to Settle With Enron Investors". The Washington Post. 
^ "consolidated class action complaint master file no.07 civ.9901(SHS)" (PDF). 
^ a b "Citigroup, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 26, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Dash, Eric (March 27, 2008). "Citigroup Resolves Claims That It Helped Enron Deceive Investors". The New York Times. 
^ Day, Kathleen (December 4, 1998). "Citibank Called Lax on Salinas Money Trail". The Washington Post. 
^ "Regulators Finalize $1.4 Billion Wall St. Settlement". The New York Times. Associated Press. April 28, 2003. 
^ "Under Pressure, Citigroup Climbs Down on Govie Trade" (fee required). EuroWeek. September 7, 2004. Retrieved March 7, 2007. 
^ a b c d e Ajay Kapur, Niall Macleod, and Narendra Singh (2005): "Plutonomy: Buying Luxury, Explaining Global Imbalances."
^ The Global Investigator | 07 Oct, 2009
^ http://www.correntewire.com/sites/default/files/Citibank_Plutonomy_1.pdf
^ Udland, Myles (May 30, 2014). "Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Is 'Comfortable With The Thrust' Of Piketty's Analysis". Business Insider. 
^ Lewis, Michael; Einhorn, David (January 4, 2009). "How to Repair a Broken Financial World". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2009. 
^ Grocer, Stephen (July 30, 2009). "Wall Street Compensation–'No Clear Rhyme or Reason'". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved September 22, 2009. 
^ "The Special Master’s Determinations for Executive Compensation of Companies Receiving Exceptional Assistance Under TARP" (PDF). January 23, 2012. 
^ Landler, Mark (December 2, 2007). "U.S. Credit Crisis Adds to Gloom in Norway". The New York Times. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ "Forhåndsvarsel om tilbakekall av tillatelse" (PDF) (in Norwegian). KreditTilsynet. November 27, 2007. Retrieved December 14, 2007. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (August 26, 2008). "Citigroup to pay $18 mln over credit card practice". Reuters. 
^ Ron Susskind (September 2011). Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington and the Education of a President. 
^ "Geithner ignored Obama order on Citi, book says". Crainsnewyork.com. September 16, 2011. Retrieved September 3, 2012. 
^ "Robert Kuttner: Obama, Geithner and the Next Financial Crisis". Huffington Post. October 13, 2011. Retrieved November 2, 2011. 
^ Reckard, E. Scott (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup shareholders' vote on exec pay sends a message". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Stempel, Jonathan (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup CEO and directors sued over executive pay". Reuters. 
^ Davidoff, Steven M. (April 18, 2012). "Citigroup Has Few Options After Pay Vote". The New York Times. 
^ Schuman, Michael (April 24, 2012). "Citis CEO Pay Revolt Capitalism is Back Baby". Time Magazine. 
^ KIM, SUSANNA (April 20, 2012). "Citigroup Shareholder Sues After Failed 'Say-on-pay' Vote". ABC News. 
^ Guerrera, Francesco (April 23, 2012). "Memo to Citi Directors: Wake Up on Pay". The Wall Street Journal. (subscription required)
^ Leising, Matthew (January 19, 2017). "Citigroup Punished for Treasury Market Spoofing by Five Traders". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ "Citigroup Lobbying". OpenSecrets.org. Retrieved December 23, 2014. 
^ "Citigroup Inc: Summary". OpenSecrets. Retrieved August 7, 2008. 
^ Matthew Vadum (November 25, 2008). "Liberalism Never Sleeps". Retrieved November 29, 2008. 
^ a b Russ Choma (December 12, 2014). "Wall Street’s Omnibus Triumph, and Others". The Center for Responsible Politics. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Gretchen Morgenson and Andrew Martin (October 10, 2009). "Citigroup Hires Mr. Inside". The New York Times. Retrieved October 11, 2009. 
^ Lisberg, Adam (March 31, 2010). "Mayor Bloomberg deputy Edward Skyler says so long to City Hall". Daily News. New York. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 
^ Barbaro, Michael (March 30, 2010). "Another Exit From Bloomberg's Inner Circle". The New York Times. Retrieved July 27, 2010. 



Further reading[edit]

Schull, Joseph, 100 years of banking in Canada: a history of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. by Joseph Schull; illustrated by Brad Smith. Vancouver: Copp Clark, c1958. ix, 222 p.; ill.; 24 cm.
Langley, Monica (2004). Tearing Down the Walls. New York: Free Press. ISBN 0-7432-4726-4. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Citigroup.



Official website




Business data for Citigroup Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings









Links to related articles











v
t
e


Citigroup



Brands and companies



Banamex
Citibank
Citibank Syariah
Citigold
Citi Private Bank
Egg
Metalmark Capital
Red Roof Inn





Key people



Michael E. O'Neill
Vikram Pandit
Richard Parsons
William R. Rhodes
Lewis B. Kaden
Al-Waleed bin Talal
John Havens





Notable
former executives



Winfried Bischoff
Michael Bloomberg
Gary Crittenden
Jamie Dimon
Ahmed Fahour
Stanley Fischer
Lewis Glucksman
Thomas W. Jones
Sallie Krawcheck
Victor Menezes
George S. Moore
Samuel Osgood
Joe J. Plumeri
Chuck Prince
John Reed
Robert Rubin
James Stillman Rockefeller
William Rockefeller
Moses Taylor
Sandy Weill
Robert B. Willumstad
Walter Wriston





Corporate directors



Michael Armstrong
Alain Belda
George David
Kenneth T. Derr
John M. Deutch
Roberto Hernández Ramírez
Jane Fraser
Ann Jordan
Klaus Kleinfeld
Andrew N. Liveris
Anne Mulcahy
Richard Parsons
Chuck Prince
Judith Rodin
Robert Rubin
Franklin A. Thomas
Sandy Weill





Local entities



Argentina
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
South Korea
Malaysia
Mexico
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam





Predecessors



ACC Capital
California Federal Bank
Franklin National Bank








Headquarters: 399 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10043, United States












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 158647664
ISNI: 0000 0004 0441 2483
GND: 5337756-4










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Citigroup&oldid=792010759"					
Categories: 1998 establishments in the United StatesBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1998Global Systemically Important BanksCitigroupCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMidtown ManhattanMultinational companies based in New York CityPrimary dealersPublicly traded companies based in New York CitySubprime mortgage crisisCompanies formed by mergerHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)Use mdy dates from January 2015Use American English from June 2014All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using New York City Subway service templatesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2014Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 21:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
