


Jeffrey Citron | Vonage Corporate





































Corporate Governance















 






Jeffrey CitronChairman, Director
Jeffrey Citron has been the Chairman of the Board since January 2001.  Mr. Citron was also the Chief Executive Officer from January 2001 through February 2006.  He served as the Chief Strategist from February 2006 to July 2008 and assumed the additional role of Interim Chief Executive Officer from April 2007, upon the resignation of Vonage's & prior Chief Executive Officer, until July 2008.  In 1995, Mr. Citron founded The Island ECN, a computerized trading system designed to automate the order execution process.  Mr. Citron became the Chairman and CEO of Datek Online Holdings Corp. in February 1998 and departed The Island ECN and Datek Online Holdings Corp. in October 1999.








Follow us:








© 2017 Vonage






  





Complaint:  Sheldon Maschler, Jeffrey A. Citron,		
Michael Mccarty, Erik Maschler, 			
Heartland Securities Corporation,	
Aaron Elbogen, Moishe Zelcer, 			
Raft Investments, Inc., and				
Jes Management Corporation

 
















Home | Previous Page































UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK


SECURITIES ANDEXCHANGE COMMISSION,
Plaintiff,
vs.	
SHELDON MASCHLER, JEFFREY A. CITRON,			
MICHAEL MCCARTY, ERIK MASCHLER, 			
HEARTLAND SECURITIES CORPORATION,		
AARON ELBOGEN, MOISHE ZELCER, 			
RAFT INVESTMENTS, INC., and				 
JES MANAGEMENT CORPORATION,	 
Defendants,


::::::::::::::::::

03 Civ
COMPLAINT




Plaintiff Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") alleges for its complaint against defendants, including individuals who directly or indirectly controlled the management and policies of Datek Securities Corporation and Heartland Securities Corporation, as follows:

NATURE OF THE ACTION
1. This action involves two separate, yet similar, schemes to defraud.  The first scheme was devised and orchestrated by Sheldon Maschler, Jeffrey A. Citron, Michael McCarty, and Erik Maschler, and involved the unlawful use of the Nasdaq Stock Market's Small Order Execution System ("SOES").  That scheme was carried out at Datek Securities Corporation ("Datek Securities") from at least 1993 through March 1998, and was continued at Heartland Securities Corporation ("Heartland") from April 1998 through June 2001.  During that period, the SOES system was the only Nasdaq trading system that allowed for automatic execution, and it offered faster execution than any other system.  At the time, National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

("NASD") rules restricted use of the SOES system to small retail customer orders and prohibited broker dealers from using SOES to trade for their own accounts.  By fraudulent means, defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, and Heartland used the SOES system to execute millions of proprietary trades, resulting in tens of millions of dollars in illegal profits.  The great majority of these profits were paid to Sheldon Maschler and Citron, but other defendants profited as well.  The fraudulent scheme was carefully planned and orchestrated, and was concealed from regulators through the use of sophisticated software, the creation of nominee accounts and fictitious books and records, and the filing of false reports with the Commission.  Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler carried out the fraudulent scheme from 1993 to March 1998 while in control of Datek Securities. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler carried out the scheme from April 1998 through June 2001 while in control of Heartland, which had purchased Datek Securities' day-trading business on March 30, 1998.  Defendant Raft Investments, Inc. ("Raft") aided and abetted the SOES fraudulent scheme.

	
		
			
				
					
2. Defendants Aaron Elbogen and Moishe Zelcer aided and abetted violations of certain books and records and filing provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with payments by Datek Securities to Sheldon Maschler, Citron, and others. 
3. In the second fraudulent scheme, defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, Raft, and JES Management Corporation ("JES") made material misrepresentations to certain savings banks in connection with the banks' conversion from mutual ownership to stock ownership in 1997 and 1998.  When a mutual savings bank converts to stock ownership, federal and state banking regulations require that the bank's account holders receive non-transferable subscription rights to purchase conversion stock before it becomes publicly traded.  Defendants Sheldon Maschler andMcCarty, using funds supplied by defendants Raft and JES, entered into agreements with  numerous account holders to obtain their subscription rights, which were then used to purchase shares of the banks' initial public offerings.  As in the SOES scheme described above, defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, Raft, and JES misrepresented to the savings banks that account holders were purchasing the conversion stock for their own accounts, when in fact the defendants themselves were purchasing the stock.  After selling the conversion stock in the open market, defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, Raft and JES unlawfully realized profits of $1,788,472.  

JURISDICTION AND VENUE
4. This Court has jurisdiction over this action pursuant to Sections 21(d)(1), 21(d)(3), 21(e), and 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") [15 U.S.C. §§ 78u(d)(1), 78u(d)3), 78u(e), and 78aa] and Sections 20(b), 20(d)(1) and 22(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") [15 U.S.C. §§ 77t(b), 77t(d)(1), and 77v(a)].
5. Defendants, directly or indirectly, made use of the means and instrumentalities of interstate commerce, or of the mails, or of the facilities of a national securities exchange in connection with the transactions, acts, practices and courses of business alleged herein.
6. This Court properly has venue over this action because certain of the conduct at issue occurred in the Southern District of New York. 
7. The Commission seeks to enjoin each defendant from engaging in the transactions, acts, practices, and courses of conduct alleged in this Complaint and transactions, acts, practices, and courses of conduct of similar purport and object, for payment of civil penalties by the defendants, for other equitable relief including, for certain defendants, disgorgement, and for such other and further relief as the Court may deem appropriate.

DEFENDANTS
8. Sheldon Maschler ("Maschler" or "Sheldon Maschler"), 58, is a resident of Florida. Maschler joined Datek Securities as a trader in July 1987 and began the firm's day-trading business in the basement of his Staten Island home.  From at least 1993 through March 1998, Maschler controlled the management and customer accounts.

9. Jeffrey A. Citron, 32, is a resident of New Jersey.  Citron was registered at Datek Securities from July 1, 1988 through August 1992.   Between November 1992 and December 1997, Citron was registered as the president and chief executive officer of Christian Klein & Cogburn, Inc. ("Christian Klein"), a broker-dealer registered with the Commission; however, Citron also acted as an unregistered supervisor and principal of Datek Securities during that period.  From at least November 1993 through approximately March 1998, Citron controlled the management and policies of Datek Securities.   
 
10. Michael McCarty, 39, is a resident of New Jersey.  McCarty was employed by Datek Securities from 1987 through March 1998, and worked in the firm's Manhattan office beginning in 1992.  By 1995, McCarty had become the branch manager of Datek Securities' Manhattan office and was also responsible for keeping the books and records of that office. From approximately 1993 through approximately March 1998, McCarty controlled the management and policies of Datek Securities.  From April 1998 through June 2001, McCarty served as Heartland's president and chief financial officer, and controlled the management and policies of Heartland.  In late 1999, McCarty acquired a minority position in Heartland.   
 
11. Erik J. Maschler, 32, is a resident of New Jersey and a son of Sheldon Maschler. Between 1992 and March 1998, he was the head trader in Datek Securities' Manhattan office. From approximately 1992 through approximately March 1998, Erik Maschler controlled the management and policies of Datek Securities.  From approximately April 1998 through approximately June 2001, Erik Maschler was executive vice president and chief executive officer of Heartland, and controlled the management and policies of Heartland.  During the relevant period, Erik Maschler owned 33.3 percent of Heartland.   
 
12. Heartland Securities Corporation ("Heartland") is a trading firm headquartered in New Jersey, and has been registered as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act since April 18, 1997.  On March 30, 1998, Heartland purchased the day-trading business formerly owned and operated by Datek Securities.  During the relevant period, Heartland had offices in the same buildings as Datek Securities' Manhattan and New Jersey offices.  Heartland initially was wholly owned by defendants Elbogen and Erik Maschler, but in late 1999, two of Sheldon Maschler's other sons and McCarty acquired a significant portion of Elbogen's ownership interest in the firm.  
 
13. Aaron Elbogen, 54, is a resident of New York.  Elbogen was president, chief executive officer, and a director of Datek Securities from October 1978 through March 1998. From April 1998 through December 1999, Elbogen was at various times Heartland's president, chief executive officer, chief compliance officer, and financial and operations principal ("FINOP").  From April 1998 through June 2001, Elbogen owned stock in Heartland.   
 
14. Moishe Zelcer, 56, is a resident of New York.  Zelcer was a director, vice president, chief compliance officer, FINOP, secretary, and treasurer of Datek Securities at various times from August 1984 through March 1998.  On or about September 29, 2000, Zelcer became the president of King Financial Services, Inc. ("King Financial"), a broker-dealer registered with the Commission with offices in the same building as Datek Securities (and later Heartland).  King Financial was founded by a day-trader who worked at both Datek Securities and Heartland.  
 
15. Raft Investments, Inc. ("Raft") is a New Jersey corporation controlled by Sheldon Maschler during the relevant period and by Citron through at least May 1998.  As described below, from approximately October 1996 through May 1998, Raft channeled at least $50 millionin funds to at least 125 nominee accounts at Datek Securities in furtherance of the fraudulent SOES trading scheme.  From October 1996 through May 1998, Maschler personally loaned Raft nearly $40 million, and trusts established for Maschler's three sons (including Erik Maschler) made loans to Raft of $12.9 million, $12.75 million, and $12.85 million, respectively.  Between October 1996 and October 1997, Citron individually loaned Raft $7.1 million, and, in January, 1998, an offshore trust created by Citron loaned Raft $5 million.  In addition, Erik Maschler and another of Maschler's sons loaned Raft $2.5 million.  Although the loans from Citron and his offshore trust were paid off by Raft in 1998, Raft continued to provide millions of dollars in funds to open and maintain nominee accounts at Heartland though June 2001.    
 
16. JES Management Corporation ("JES") is a Florida corporation that was wholly owned by Sheldon Maschler from 1996 through 1998.  During that time, Maschler was JES's president and sole shareholder.
 
OTHER RELEVANT ENTITIES
17. Datek Securities Corporation ("Datek Securities") has been registered as a broker-dealer with the Commission pursuant to Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act since May 1979.  In February 1998, Datek Securities reorganized under a holding company, Datek Online Holdings ("DOH"), with six wholly-owned subsidiaries.  As part of this corporate restructuring, Datek Securities changed its name to Datek Online Brokerage Services ("DOBS") on March 16, 1998.  On March 30, 1998, Datek Securities sold the assets of its day-trading business, subject to all liabilities, to Heartland for a promissory note of $3.5 million.  After the sale, DOBS conducted and continued to develop an online brokerage business.  Recently, DOBS was renamed iCapital Markets ("iCapital"), which continues the firm's order-execution and proprietary-trading business, and will also provide other firms with order routing and execution services and connections to market centers. As a result of the reorganizations and name changes set forth above, iCapital succeeded to the broker-dealer registration of Datek Securities.   
 
18. On January 24, 2002, and in connection with the SOES-based fraudulent scheme described herein, the Commission issued an Order in an administrative proceeding styled In the Matter of iCapital Markets LLC, pursuant to an Offer of Settlement submitted by iCapital, which (1) made findings that iCapital willfully violated antifraud and other provisions of the federal securities laws; (2) censured iCapital; and (3) ordered iCapital to pay a civil monetary penalty in the amount of $6.3 million.  iCapital submitted its Offer of Settlement without admitting or denying the findings contained in the Commission's Order.    
 
19. Elm Management Corporation ("Elm") is a Florida corporation wholly owned by Sheldon Maschler and Erik Maschler.  As detailed below, certain defendants distributed unlawful trading profits to Elm.  
 
20. Treasure Solutions, Inc. ("Treasure") is a Florida corporation wholly owned by Citron.  As detailed below, certain defendants distributed unlawful trading profits to Treasure.
 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS
The SOES System
21. The National Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") is a securities industry self-regulatory organization that is subject to Commission supervision.  The NASD develops rules and regulations, conducts regulatory reviews of its members' business activities, disciplines violators, and designs, operates, and regulates securities markets for the ultimate benefit and protection of investors.  NASD members agree to comply with the federal securities laws and regulations, andwith the rules of the NASD and its subsidiaries.  As NASD members, Datek Securities and Heartland were subject to this agreement.  
 
22. The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. ("Nasdaq") operates and maintains systems, services, and products for the Nasdaq Stock Market.  The Nasdaq Stock Market is the largest electronic screen-based market in the world.  Nasdaq enables securities firms to execute transactions for investors from wherever they are located by use of advanced computer and telecommunications technologies.  Nasdaq is distinguished from floor-based exchanges by its use of multiple market makers, which are independent dealers who openly compete with one another for investor orders in each Nasdaq security.    
 
23. The NASD established the Small Order Execution System ("SOES") in 1984.   SOES was an automated trading system intended to benefit small investors by providing immediate execution of small orders entered into the Nasdaq system at the best available price.  During the relevant period, SOES was the only Nasdaq trading system that allowed for automatic execution, and it offered faster execution than any other system.  In 1988, Nasdaq made participation in SOES mandatory for all market makers in Nasdaq National Market Securities.  
 
24. There were several restrictions on the use of the SOES system.  Under NASD rules, only individual retail customers were permitted to use the SOES system, and broker-dealers were prohibited from using SOES to trade for their own accounts.  NASD rules also set a maximum order size for SOES trades.  The maximum order size was 500 shares in 1993, 1,000 shares in 1995, and 100 shares in 1997.  NASD rules prohibited the division of orders in excess of the maximum order size into smaller parts for purposes of complying with the maximum order size requirement.  
25. Broker-dealers registered to place trades on the SOES system were known as SOES Order Entry Firms.  SOES Order Entry Firms were required to register with the NASD by executing an "Application and Agreement for Small Order Execution System" ("Application").  By submitting an Application, a SOES participant agreed to comply strictly with the rules governing the use of the SOES system, and was on notice that violations would subject them to censure, fine, suspension, revocation of its registration as a SOES Order Entry Firm, or any other appropriate penalty under NASD Rules.  
 
26. Once registered as a SOES Order Entry Firm, an entity could enter the SOES system to execute trades by simply identifying itself as an Order Entry Firm.  Each system entry constituted a representation by the Order Entry Firm that it was complying with all SOES rules, including the rules prohibiting proprietary trading.  
 
27. Broker dealers could also register as a SOES Correspondent Firm, which were trading firms that submitted orders to Order Entry Firms for transmission to the SOES system.  Similar to SOES Order Entry Firms, SOES Correspondent Firms also signed agreements with the NASD containing an obligation to abide by SOES rules.  
 
28. By virtue of the SOES rules, the SOES registration process, and the terms imposed on SOES participants, the identity of the purchaser as a public customer in SOES transactions was a material fact.  
 
Defendants' Knowledge of SOES Rules
29. Datek Securities first registered as a SOES Order Entry Firm on August 4, 1987.   By registering as a SOES Order Entry Firm, Datek Securities represented to the NASD and other SOES participants that they would comply with the rules governing the SOES system, including the rules prohibiting proprietary trading.   
 
30. Heartland registered as a SOES Correspondent Firm on March 23, 1998, in anapplication signed by Elbogen.  By registering as a SOES Correspondent Firm, Heartland represented to the NASD and other SOES participants that it would comply with the rules governing the SOES system, including the rules prohibiting proprietary trading.    
 
31. Beyond those representations, certain defendants and Datek Securities were also aware of NASD rules governing SOES because of their involvement in a NASD disciplinary proceeding.  In 1994, Sheldon Maschler, Citron, Elbogen, Datek Securities, and other individuals associated with Datek Securities, were the subject of an administrative complaint by the NASD for violating SOES rules between November 1991 and February 1993.  The action settled on or about December 31, 1996.  Pursuant to the settlement, Sheldon Maschler, Citron, Elbogen, and Datek Securities were censured and fined (Maschler $675,000; Citron $20,000; Elbogen $25,000; Datek Securities $10,000).  In addition, Maschler was suspended from association with any NASD member for one year, and Citron was suspended for 20 days.    
 
32. Citron kept abreast of proposed NASD rule changes affecting SOES.  He coordinated Datek Securities' responses to such changes, and asked traders to prepare comment letters to send to the NASD and the Commission.  
 
The "Watcher" System
33. In the early 1990's, a day-trading software known as "Watcher" was developed for Datek Securities.  Watcher was designed to run Nasdaq data through Datek Securities computers, which were far faster than the traditional Nasdaq Workstations II.  The Watcher system gave Datek Securities traders a significant time advantage because they received last-sale and quotation-update information before other market participants.  The Watcher system also analyzed the data to highlight trading opportunities.  Such features enabled Datek Securities traders to react more quickly to market activity, and to have their orders executed faster than other market participants.  While other means of executing securities transactions with Nasdaq market makers were available --namely, the telephone or SelectNet -- only SOES offered automatic execution, increasing the timing advantage offered by Watcher.  
 
34. Watcher's superior technology combined with the SOES system's automatic execution to give Datek Securities traders a significant advantage.  That advantage, however, was limited by SOES rules:  SOES could not be used for proprietary trading and there were limits on the number of shares per trade.  To maximize profitability and comply with the SOES rules, Datek Securities traders would have had to execute a large number of trades in accounts held by numerous individual retail customers.  Consequently, Datek Securities would only have collected commissions on such trades.  
 
35. Instead of using the SOES system for its intended and lawful purpose -- to place small orders for the accounts of customers -- Datek Securities and later Heartland, under the direction of defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler, used the system to execute millions of unlawful proprietary trades.  Those defendants recognized that they could maximize profits from Watcher by using it to trade for proprietary accounts on a massive scale using the Nasdaq system that offered the fastest execution: the SOES system.  
 
Datek Securities' Trading Operations
36. From 1993 to March 1998, Datek Securities' day-trading operation, the profit center for the entire firm, was headquartered at 50 Broad Street in Manhattan.  Citron and Sheldon Maschler managed and directed Datek Securities' Manhattan office and made all significant decisions, including recruiting and hiring, employee compensation structure, and trading strategies.  McCarty played a central role in the administrative operations and day-to-day oversight of the office,and by 1995 was recognized by traders and employees as the "branch manager."  Erik Maschler, as head trader, directly supervised the traders.  During the relevant period, Elbogen, Zelcer, and, beginning in June 1996, Erik Maschler, were identified to the public as the senior officers of Datek Securities with attendant responsibilities, including keeping accurate books and records and fulfilling reporting obligations.  Nevertheless, Elbogen and Zelcer permitted Sheldon Maschler and Citron --the undisclosed control persons -- to operate the Manhattan office as they wished without proper oversight or supervision.  
 
37. From 1994 to late 1996, Datek Securities increased the size of its day-trading operation from 20 - 30 traders to nearly 200 traders.  Citron was a control person in the recruitment and hiring of traders for Datek Securities' Manhattan branch, and many of the recruits were friends and family of existing traders.  Most new traders were hired directly from college, possessed little or no securities industry experience, and received no formal training once they joined Datek Securities.  Rather, for a brief period of time (usually one to four weeks), they observed a more experienced trader, often Erik Maschler, who would teach them how to use Watcher.  After this "training," and often before they had registered with the NASD, new traders were given $300,000 to $400,000 with which to trade, and that amount was programmed into each new trader's Watcher terminal.  Based on performance, Citron or Erik Maschler could increase a trader's pre-set trading limit to $1 million or more.  
 
38. In addition to unregistered traders, many of Datek Securities' supervisors failed to complete the NASD examinations required to act as supervisors.  During 1996 and 1997, a group of experienced traders exercised undisclosed supervisory authority at Datek Securities.  They trained and supervised other traders, and some attended management meetings.  These supervisors also received a percentage of the trading profits earned by their trainees.   
 
39. Datek Securities' Manhattan office was spartan.  The trading floor consisted of rows of computers and folding tables.  Traders watched their computer terminals and punched computer keys for hours on end, entering orders into the Watcher system.  In theory, traders earned 10 to 15 percent of the trading profits they generated for Datek Securities, but in practice Datek Securities retained half of those promised profits.  
 
The Proprietary Trading Scheme at Datek Securities
40. In a scheme devised and implemented by defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler, Datek Securities executed millions of unlawful proprietary trades on the SOES system.  From 1995 through March 1998, Datek Securities executed approximately 12 million SOES trades, over 30 percent of all SOES trades.  In placing those trades, Datek Securities falsely represented that such transactions were on behalf of public customers, in accordance with SOES rules.  Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler concealed their unlawful use of the SOES system by allocating trades to nominee accounts, cross trading with Datek Securities' proprietary account, creating false books and records, and filing false reports with the Commission.  
 
41. Later, from April 1998 through June 2001, defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler continued the proprietary trading scheme at Heartland.  During that time period, Heartland executed millions of proprietary SOES trades.  In placing trades on the SOES system, Heartland falsely represented that those transactions were on behalf of public customers, in accordance with SOES rules.  The proprietary trading scheme at Heartland was concealed from regulators using methods and procedures similar to those used at Datek Securities.  
 
42. As described below, through defendant Raft, the aforementioned defendants funded numerous nominee accounts at Datek Securities and Heartland through which the illegal trading scheme could be conducted.  By using Raft, the defendants were able to hide the funneling of illegal trading profits back into Datek Securities and Heartland.    
 
Allocation of trades to nominee accounts
43. At the direction of defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler, Datek Securities used numerous nominee accounts to hide its proprietary trading.  Dozens of individuals were recruited to open accounts at Datek Securities.  Many of the nominees were friends and family members of Sheldon Maschler or Citron, in many cases personally solicited by Maschler or Citron to open accounts.  Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler also directed the firm's employees to enlist their own friends and family members to open accounts.  
 
44. Nominee account holders were promised quarterly payments at a fixed rate of return, typically 16 percent.  In exchange, the nominee account holders gave Datek Securities complete discretionary trading authority.  None of the nominee account holders directed the trading in the accounts, and very few ever had contact with the traders.    
 
45. Using an unlawful post-trading process, defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler assigned and allocated the proprietary SOES trades to the aforementioned nominee accounts.  Nominee accounts never made more than the guaranteed return -- if accounts made more, McCarty and Citron ensured that Datek Securities kept the excess by adjusting commission charges and reassigning trades to other accounts.  
 
46. The post-trading allocation of trades was possible because the SOES system did not require an Order Entry Firm to identify a particular account to enter an order.  Rather, Datek Securities merely had to identify itself as an Order Entry Firm.  Datek Securities traders executed SOES trades without regard to any particular account, and routinely violated the rules regarding maximum size orders.  Traders did not create or fill out contemporaneous order tickets.    
 
47. From 1993 to 1994, and at the direction of Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler, Datek Securities employees manually allocated Datek Securities' trades among accounts after the close of the market.  McCarty and Erik Maschler specifically taught employees how to allocate trades, and often performed the allocation themselves.  After the close of the market, Datek Securities clerks reviewed a Nasdaq print-out of the day's trades and matched the closest chronological SOES buys and sells of the same security to free up the greatest amount of "buying power," which was the amount that could be purchased in a particular account based on margin requirements and the equity in the account.  After trades had been matched, the clerks gave the list to back-office employees to determine which trades would be assigned to each account.  Trades were allocated to particular accounts in a manner that gave the firm's records the appearance of compliance with NASD rules governing SOES.  Other factors in the allocation process included the margin requirement for the account and the rate of return guaranteed to the account.  In addition, Datek Securities employees also assigned numerous profitable trades to certain favored accounts, including accounts related to Maschler, Citron, and others.     
 
48. After the trades had been allocated, they were entered into a computer system.  The resulting computer file was transferred to Datek Securities' Brooklyn office, where the information was used to generate the firm's accounting records, including blotters, trial balances, and customer account statements.  The proprietary trades were unlawfully executed and falsely recorded as those of individual retail customers.  Consequently, Datek Securities' books and records were false and inaccurate.     
 
49. In certain instances, there were not enough nominee accounts to allocate all of the proprietary trades.  When this occurred, a single account would be "blown out," meaning that a large number of trades would be allocated into the account, subjecting the account to a 90-day freeze under Regulation T.  Citron or McCarty directed which accounts would be blown out.  
 
50. Beginning in early 1994, the allocation process was carried out by means of a computer program developed for Datek Securities known as "Wire."  Wire automated the unlawful trade allocation process and thus dramatically enhanced Datek Securities' ability to conceal its proprietary SOES trading from regulators.  Datek Securities programmed Wire to allocate trades to particular accounts to achieve their guaranteed rates of return, and to give the firm's books and records the appearance of compliance with federal securities laws and NASD rules.  Wire was run at the end of each trading day and, as refined by Datek Securities, at several different points during the day.  By automating the allocation process, the Wire software made it more difficult for securities regulators to detect the scheme because no pre-allocation documents were generated to permit comparison.  When the Wire program could not identify an account with sufficient buying power, a Datek Securities clerk would create a cross trade with the firm's proprietary account in order to create sufficient buying power.     
 
51. Datek Securities continually made refinements to Wire that allowed the firm to conceal its unlawful proprietary trading more efficiently and effectively.  By 1995, Datek Securities had developed "Real Time Wire," which, as its name suggests, allocated trades as they took place. As described below, Real Time Wire was also used by Datek Securities to assign profitable SOES trades to its proprietary account and to generate thousands of cross trades daily between its proprietary account and the nominee accounts, allowing the firm to reap enormous profits.  
 
52. Datek Securities utilized Real Time Wire's allocation capabilities to conceal its proprietary trading from 1995 until early 1997, when it was gradually replaced by a practice referred to as "mapping," in which a specific trader was assigned to each account.  By the end of 1997, each account had its own assigned trader, but Datek Securities continued to manipulate transactions and commission charges to ensure the accounts achieved the guaranteed rate of return.  For example, McCarty would sometimes instruct back-office employees to swap entire days' worth of trades from one account to another as a way to achieve the guaranteed rate of return.  Those practices continued at Heartland after it acquired Datek Securities' day-trading operation in March 1998.      
 
Cross trades to conceal proprietary trading
   53. The Manhattan branch of Datek Securities, under the direction of Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler, also hid its unlawful trading activity by the manner in which the trades were executed.  From 1995 through early 1997, Datek Securities automatically generated a series of cross trades between nominee accounts and the firm's proprietary trading account at the Manhattan branch.  In a typical sequence of trades, a nominee account would purchase a Nasdaq quoted stock through SOES.  The position would then be sold to the Datek Securities proprietary account at a markdown.  Within minutes, or sometimes hours, the proprietary account would either sell the position through SelectNet or sell the shares back to a Datek Securities customer account (at a markup), which would then sell the position on SOES.  That sequence, or its mirror image, repeated itself hundreds or sometimes thousands of times each day.  Each of those cross trades occurred without input or direction from any Datek Securities trader.  Even though most of the cross trades individually resulted in only a small profit for the proprietary account, the huge volume of trades flowing through the account each day generated substantial trading profits for Datek Securities.  
 
The Raft Loan Program
54. To perpetuate the proprietary trading scheme, Sheldon Maschler and Citron cycled a substantial portion of the trading profits back into Datek Securities through defendant Raft Investments, Inc. ("Raft"), a corporation controlled by Sheldon Maschler during the relevant period and by Citron through at least May 1998.  Beginning in May 1997, defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, Erik Maschler, and entities under their control provided funds to the nominees under the guise of "loans" from Raft.  With a few exceptions, Raft initially loaned each nominee $400,000. The Raft loans were unsecured.  The vast majority of Raft nominees did not have sufficient income or assets to obtain or repay the loans, and would not have qualified for such an unsecured loan in an arms-length transaction with a financial institution.  Moreover, Raft nominees had no reason to believe that they were obligated to repay the loans.   Raft typically charged the account holders 14 percent interest on the loans, but because the nominees were generally guaranteed a 16 percent return, the nominees kept the 2 percent difference.  Thus, the nominees were paid that difference for use of their identities.    
 
55. Between May 1997 and March 1998, Raft, as funded by Sheldon Maschler, Citron, Erik Maschler, and other entities created by them, made loans totaling at least $50 million to various individuals to open approximately 125 nominee accounts at Datek Securities.  Those Raft-funded nominee accounts were then used by Datek Securities and later Heartland, under the direction of Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler, to conceal their unlawful proprietary SOES scheme.  The funding and use of nominee accounts in such a manner made Datek Securities and Heartland the beneficial owners of those accounts, but neither Datek Securities nor Heartland recorded such beneficial ownership accurately in their books and records.  
 
56. McCarty administered the Raft loan program under the direction of Sheldon Maschler and Citron.  McCarty provided the paperwork to nominees, maintained the Raft checkbook in his office, and generally handled the ongoing administrative details for the Raft account holders. Initially, Raft nominees were sent checks every quarter, along with instructions -- usually from McCarty -- that they were to forward the specified interest portion back to Raft.  Later on, the interest was wired directly to Raft and a separate check was issued to the nominee account holder.  Sheldon Maschler, Citron, 
McCarty, and Erik Maschler knew the Raft "loans" were part of the scheme to profit from and perpetuate the unlawful proprietary trading.     
 
57. McCarty closely monitored each nominee account's rate of return on a spreadsheet, and ensured that each achieved its guaranteed rate of return by allocating profitable trades to under-performing accounts and by manipulating commission rates.    
 
Distribution of Profits to Sheldon Maschler and Citron
58. The fraudulent scheme to engage in unlawful proprietary trading resulted in substantial profits.  These profits were paid to entities controlled by Sheldon Maschler, Citron, and others.      
 
59. In 1987, Elbogen entered into an oral agreement with Sheldon Maschler whereby Maschler received 90 percent of the profits generated by Datek Securities' day-trading operation. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, and McCarty sought to conceal this agreement.    
 
60. Defendants Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler also received unlawful profits, directly and indirectly, from the Sheldon Maschler profit pool. 
 
   61. In 1995, Datek Securities paid Elm Management Corporation ("Elm"), a company wholly owned by Sheldon Maschler and Erik Maschler, approximately $60 million.  In 1996, DatekSecurities paid Elm approximately $127 million; Elm in turn paid approximately 40 percent of those funds to Treasure Solutions (Treasure"), a company wholly owned by Citron.  Datek Securities also paid $14 million directly to Treasure in 1996.  Between 1997 and March 1998, Datek Securities paid approximately $76 million to SmithWall Associates, LLC ("SmithWall"), a limited liability company owned and controlled by Citron, trusts for the benefit of Erik Maschler and two of Maschler's other children, and others.
 
   62. McCarty calculated the amounts of the Elm and Treasure payments, and either Elbogen or Zelcer signed the checks.  McCarty, Elbogen, and Zelcer knew or should have known that the payments were distributions of trading profits, but participated in the effort to hide this fact.
 
   63. In 1995 and 1996, Datek Securities falsely classified the Elm and Treasure payments in its books and records.  Initially, Datek Securities classified the payments in its general ledger as "commission expenses."  In December 1996, Elbogen instructed Zelcer to reclassify the 1996 Elm and Treasure payments in its general ledger as "data processing" expenses.  When Zelcer raised concerns that the 1996 reclassification would invite regulatory scrutiny, Elbogen rejected the concerns and instructed Zelcer to make the reclassification.  Despite a duty to ensure accuracy of Datek Securities' books and records, Zelcer did nothing further to investigate the Elm payments. In addition, Datek Securities did not reclassify the 1995 Elm and Treasure payments in its general ledger.
 
   64. In 1995, 1996, and 1997, Datek Securities also falsely classified the Elm and Treasure payments in reports filed with the Commission.  Datek Securities' 1995 FOCUS filings, which were prepared by Zelcer, and its 1995 audited financial statements, which were signed by Zelcer, classified the Elm and Treasure payments as "salary and commission" expenses.  The firm's 1996 audited financial statements, which were signed by Zelcer, classified the payments to Elm and Treasure as "computer services" expenses.  Datek Securities' FOCUS report for the fourth quarter of 1996, which was prepared by Zelcer, also reflected that change in classification.  The firm's 1997 audited financial statements, which were signed by Erik Maschler and Elbogen, classified the Elm payments as "computer services" expenses.
 
   65. At the time that Zelcer falsely recorded and reclassified the Elm payments at Elbogen's instruction, no contemporaneous invoices or contracts existed to support the payments. In mid-1997, when the Commission staff requested documentation supporting the 1995 and 1996 payments, Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and others at Datek Securities prepared and back-dated sets of agreements, contracts, and invoices between Datek Securities and Elm, between Datek Securities and Treasure, and between Elm and Treasure.  At McCarty's direction, Zelcer produced the fictitious documents to the Commission.    
 
Failure to Disclose Control Persons
   66. Defendants and Datek Securities concealed and failed to disclose to the Commission that Maschler and Citron were control persons of Datek Securities.  Defendants and Datek Securities failed to disclose this fact in Datek Securities' Forms BD filed with the Commission between 1995 and 1997, and failed to file amendments to the Forms BD to correct the inaccurate information.  The Forms BD filed with the Commission were signed by either Elbogen or Zelcer, both of whom knew that Maschler and Citron were control persons of Datek Securities. Maschler continued to control Datek Securities during his NASD suspension in 1997.  
 
   67. Between late 1995 and early 1997, Defendants caused Datek Securities to file at least eight Forms BD with the Commission that failed to disclose that Maschler and Citron controlled Datek Securities.  Citron and Maschler were never listed as control persons on any portion of theForms BD that required such information. Citron was never identified in Schedule A to any of Datek Securities' Forms BD filed during this period.  Maschler was listed as a shareholder several times, but there was always a "no" next to his name under the column headed "control person."  Moreover, on at least eight occasions between late 1995 and early 1997, Datek Securities responded "no" to Question 6.A. of the Forms BD, another part of the Form BD requiring identification of additional control persons.  
 
Continuation of Proprietary Trading Scheme at Heartland
68. From April 1998 through June 2001, defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler continued to carry out the fraudulent SOES trading scheme while in control of Heartland, which purchased Datek Securities' day-trading business on March 30, 1998, in exchange for a promissory note of $3.5 million.  Erik Maschler and McCarty executed the sales agreement on behalf of Heartland and Datek Securities, respectively.  Pursuant to the terms of the sales agreement, Heartland acquired those assets subject to liabilities relating to the day-trading business.  
 
69. Heartland's trading practices were virtually identical to Datek Securities' former day-trading operation; the only operational difference was in name.  Heartland traders continued to use the Watcher System, licencing the software from a subsidiary of Datek Online Holdings ("DOH"). Sheldon Maschler continued to exert undisclosed control over the operations and management of Heartland, just as he had at Datek Securities. Initially, Heartland was wholly owned by defendants Erik Maschler and Elbogen, but in late 1999, Elbogen sold a significant portion of his interest in the firm to two of Sheldon Maschler's other sons and McCarty.  During the relevant period, McCarty was Heartland's president and chief financial officer, while Erik Maschler was Heartland's chief executive officer and a vice president of the firm, with responsibility for supervising the traders.  
 
70. The unlawful SOES trading practices at Datek Securities continued unabated at Heartland.  From April 1998 through June 2001, Heartland unlawfully executed millions of trades on the SOES system.  Almost all of the trading profits were paid out to Raft as interest or to Erik Maschler, McCarty, and Elbogen as salary and dividends.  
 
71. The methods used to conceal the unlawful SOES trading at Datek Securities (allocation of trades to Raft-funded nominee accounts; manipulation of profits and losses; creation of false books and records; filing of false reports with the Commission) also continued virtually unabated at Heartland.  All but five of the Raft nominee accounts transferred from Datek Securities to Heartland.  As of January 1, 1999, Raft had approximately 138 loans outstanding to nominees whose accounts were maintained at Heartland.  The loan amounts ranged from $200,000 to $700,000 and totaled $39.33 million.  In addition, Raft made at least 11 loans to new nominees at Heartland during 1999 for a total of $3.77 million.    
 
The Savings and Loan Conversion Scheme
72. The second fraudulent scheme in many ways paralleled the proprietary SOES trading scheme, and involved the conduct of defendants Sheldon Maschler, Michael McCarty, Raft, and JES in connection with the initial public offerings of three savings and loan associations.  Maschler and McCarty had Raft and JES extend sham loans to obtain the identities of depositors who held subscription rights to purchase shares in the initial public offerings of the three banks.  In many instances the depositors receiving the "loans" had insufficient assets to qualify for the amount of the loans.  As a result of these arrangements, Maschler and McCarty were able to obtain the subscription rights of at least 60 nominees, which they then used to purchase shares in the banks' initial public offerings.  After the banks went public, the shares acquired were sold through accounts controlled by Maschler and McCarty for an illegal profit of $1,788,472.
 
   73. Savings and loan associations are either mutual associations ("mutual banks") owned by their borrowers and account holders, or stock associations ("stock banks") owned by their shareholders.  Either type may be federally chartered or state chartered.  Mutual banks may convert to stock banks by issuing and selling shares of stock to the public.  Federal and state banking regulators have developed detailed rules to ensure that these conversions will benefit the converting association, its account holders, and the general public.  Specifically, rules promulgated by the Office of Thrift Supervision, the primary regulator of federally-chartered savings and loan associations, require mutual banks converting to stock ownership to offer stock to their account holders ahead of the general public, and prohibit account holders from transferring their conversion subscription rights or the underlying securities to another person.  Similarly, the State of New York Banking Department has adopted similar provisions for state-chartered savings and loan associations chartered in the state of New York.  As such, the identity of purchasers in mutual bank conversions is a material fact.  
 
   74. Staten Island Savings Bank ("SISB") was a federally-chartered mutual association owned by its borrowers and account holders.  In 1997, SISB converted to a stock association by means of a sale of shares to the public through Staten Island Bancorp ("SIB"), a bank holding company formed to effect the conversion.  
 
   75. Richmond County Savings Bank ("RCSB") was a New York state-chartered mutual association owned by its borrowers and account holders.  In 1998, RCSB converted to a stock association by means of a sale of shares to the public through Richmond County Financial Corporation ("RCFC"), a bank holding company formed to effect the conversion.  
 
   76. Independence Savings Bank ("ISB") was a New York state-chartered mutual association owned by its borrowers and account holders.  In 1998, ISB converted to a stock association by means of a sale of shares to the public through Independence Community Bank Corporation ("ICBC"), a bank holding company formed to effect the conversion.  
 
   77. At all relevant times, SISB, RCSB, and ISB were subject to federal or state laws and regulations regarding mutual bank conversions.     
 
SIB's initial public offering
     78. In September 1997, SISB provided its account holders with stock order forms in connection with its plan to convert to a stock association.  The plan offered account holders stock in SIB at $10 per share.  In November 1997, the offering price was increased to $12 per share.  Account holders wishing to purchase shares were instructed to complete and sign a stock order form, submit payment for the shares, and, consistent with applicable regulations, certify that the order was for their own accounts and that no agreement or understanding existed regarding any further sale or transfer of shares.  
 
   79. Sheldon Maschler, through his wholly-owned company JES, unlawfully entered into arrangements with several SISB account holders to use their identities and subscription rights to purchase shares in the SIB stock offering.  Maschler was aided in this endeavor by others, including McCarty.   
 
   80. Following the terms of each agreement, funds provided or "loaned" by JES were used to purchase SIB stock.  Thereafter, the acquired stock was delivered into accounts at Datek Securities opened in the account holders' names.  McCarty and others facilitated the paperwork for the transactions.  In this manner, Maschler and McCarty gained control over the shares purchased and all proceeds resulting from the disposition of the shares.  After the stock was sold, JES received back the funds used to purchase the shares plus a percentage of the profits (typically 90 percent); the remaining profits were paid to the account holders.   
 
   81. In total, Maschler, through JES, purchased 44,167 shares of SIB stock at $12 per share using the SISB account holders' subscription rights, at a total cost of $530,000.  Maschler and McCarty caused the submission of SIB subscription forms that failed to disclose JES as the true purchaser.  Had SISB known that the true purchaser was ineligible, it would not have honored the account holders' subscription rights.    
 
   82. From about December 22 through December 26, 1997, all of the stock obtained through the SISB account holders' subscription rights was sold in the accounts at Datek Securities. The stock sold at an average price of $19.63 per share, for a net profit of $337,002 after commissions. Pursuant to the agreements with the account holders, JES received 90 percent of the profits and return of the funds advanced for purchase of the shares.           
 
RCFC's and ICBC's initial public offerings 
   83. In December 1997, RCSB and ISB, both New York state-chartered banks, mailed their account holders information regarding their plans to convert to stock associations under their respective holding companies,  RCFC and ICBC.  Account holders wishing to purchase shares were instructed to complete and sign a stock order form, submit payment for the shares, and, consistent with applicable New York regulations, certify that the order was for their own accounts and that no agreement or understanding existed regarding any further sale or transfer of shares.  Shares in RCFC and ICBC were initially offered at $10 per share.  
 
   84. Using Raft and JES, Sheldon Maschler and others acting on his behalf, including McCarty, unlawfully entered into arrangements with at least 57 RCSB and ISB account holders to use their subscription rights to purchase shares in the RCFC and ICBC stock offerings.  Many of those account holders had limited investment experience, and several of them lacked sufficient funds to purchase any conversion stock.  McCarty met personally with several prospective subscribers and assured them the arrangements were legal.  Following the terms of each agreement, funds provided or "loaned" by JES or Raft were used to purchase the stock.  Thereafter, the acquired stock was delivered into accounts at King Financial opened in the account holders' names.  In this manner, Maschler and McCarty gained control over the shares purchased and all proceeds resulting from the disposition of the shares.  After the stock was sold, JES or Raft received back the funds used to purchase the shares plus a percentage of the profits (typically 90 percent); the remaining profits were paid to the account holders.  McCarty and others facilitated the paperwork for the transactions.    
 
   85. In total, Maschler's entities purchased at least 125,723 shares of RCFC stock at a total cost of $1,257,230, and 96,782 shares of ICBC stock at a total cost of $967,820.  Maschler personally directed certified checks to be issued for this purpose, and Maschler and McCarty caused the submission of RCFC and ICBC subscription forms that failed to disclose JES or Raft as the true purchasers.  Had RCFC and ICBC known that the true purchasers were ineligible, they would not have honored the account holders' subscription rights.    
 
   86. On February 18, 1998, RCFC went public and the stock opened at $16.50 per share. On February 23, 1998, the stock in the King Financial accounts was sold at an average price of $16.28 per share, for a net profit of approximately $790,000 after commissions.    
 
   87. On March 17, 1998, ICBC went public and the stock opened at $17.13 per share.  On March 20, 1998, the stock in the King Financial accounts was sold at an average price of $16.83 per share, for a net profit of approximately $661,077 after commissions.  
 
   88. Pursuant to the agreements with the account holders, the Maschler entities received the agreed percentage of the profits on the accounts' conversions, plus return of the funds advanced for purchase of the shares.  McCarty facilitated the transfer of the profits to the Maschler entities.  
 
   89. Both the RCSB and ISB conversion offerings were oversubscribed, and the banks issued refund checks to those subscribers whose orders could not be completely filled.  For those subscribers who had arrangements with Maschler's entities, the refund checks were deposited directly into the newly-established accounts at King Financial.  The account holders never received or saw the refund checks, which ultimately were diverted to the Maschler entities.  
 
FIRST CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act
 
and Rule 10b-5 thereunder
 
[15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5]
 
[Scheme to Defraud -- Proprietary SOES Trading]
 
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, Heartland, Raft]
   90. Paragraphs 1 through 89 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.  
 
91. As detailed above, Datek Securities and defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, and Heartland devised and implemented a fraudulent scheme to gain access to and use the SOES system for unlawful proprietary trading.  Datek Securities and Citron engaged in this fraudulent scheme from at least 1993 to March 1998.  Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler engaged in this fraudulent scheme from at least 1993 through June 2001.  Heartland engaged in this fraudulent scheme from April 1998 through June 2001.  
 
92. Datek Securities and defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, and Heartland, by engaging in the conduct described above, directly or indirectly, by use of the means or instruments of transportation or communication in interstate commerce, or by use of the mails, or of any facility of any national securities exchange, in connection with the purchase or sale of securities:    
 
(1) employed devices, schemes, or artifices to defraud,      
 
(2) made untrue statements of material facts or omitted to state material facts necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or    
 
(3) engaged in acts, practices, or courses of business which operate or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person.  
 
93. By reason of the foregoing, Datek Securities and defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, and Heartland violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5].  Unless restrained and enjoined, defendants will continue to violate those provisions.  
 
94. Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler are also liable for Datek Securities' violations as control persons of Datek Securities pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78t(a)].  Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler are also liable for Heartland's violations as control persons of Heartland pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78t(a)].  
 
95. Raft aided and abetted violations by Datek Securities and defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler of  Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5].
 
SECOND CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act
and Rule 10b-5 thereunder 
[15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. §240.10b-5]
[Scheme to Defraud -- Savings and Loan Conversions]
[Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, Raft, JES]
96. Paragraphs 1 through 95 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.  
 
97. As detailed above, defendants Sheldon Maschler and McCarty engaged in a fraudulent scheme relating to the stock conversions of three savings and loan institutions.  Federal and state laws and regulations made it unlawful for anyone other than account holders to subscribe for and purchase stock in the institutions' stock offerings.  Defendants Sheldon Maschler and McCarty engaged in securities fraud by purchasing the subscription rights of account holders and misrepresenting to the institutions that the account holders were purchasing stock when, in fact, the Maschler entities were the actual purchasers.  Had the institutions known the true identity of the purchasers, they would not have sold the stock.      
 
98. Defendants Sheldon Maschler and McCarty, by engaging in the conduct described above, directly or indirectly, by use of the means or instruments of transportation or communication in interstate commerce, or by use of the mails, or of any facility of any national securities exchange, in connection with the purchase or sale of securities:      
 
(1) employed devices, schemes, or artifices to defraud,      
 
(2) made untrue statements of material facts or omitted to state material facts necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or      
 
(3) engaged in acts, practices, or courses of business which operate or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person. 
99. By reason of the foregoing, defendants Sheldon Maschler and McCarty violated, and unless restrained and enjoined will continue to violate, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. §240.10b-5].  
 
100. Defendants Raft and JES aided and abetted Maschler's and McCarty's violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. §240.10b-5].
 
THIRD CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act
 
[15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)]
 
[Scheme to Defraud -- Proprietary SOES Trading]
 
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, Heartland, Raft]  
 
101. Paragraphs 1 through 100 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.  
 
102. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, and Heartland, by engaging in the conduct described above relating to unlawful proprietary trading on the SOES system, directly or indirectly, in connection with the offer or sale of securities, by the use of the means or instruments of transportation or communication in interstate commerce or by the use of the mails:      
 
(1) employed devices, schemes, or artifices to defraud,      
 
(2) obtained money or property by means of untrue statements of material facts or omissions to state material facts necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or      
 
(3) engaged in acts, practices, or courses of business which operate or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchasers of such securities.  
 
103. By reason of the foregoing, defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, and Heartland, directly or indirectly, violated, and unless restrained and enjoined will continue to violate, Section 17(a) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)].  
 
104. Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler are also liable for Datek Securities' violations as control persons of Datek Securities pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78t(a)].  Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler are also liable for Heartland's violations as control persons of Heartland pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78t(a)].  
 
105. Raft aided and abetted the violations by Datek Securities and defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler of  Section 17(a) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)].
 
FOURTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 15(c)of the Exchange Act
 and Rule 15c1-2 thereunder
 [15 U.S.C. § 78o(c) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15c1-2]
 [Scheme to Defraud -- Proprietary SOES Trading]
 [Heartland]  
 
106. Paragraphs 1 through 105 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.  
 
107. As set forth above, Heartland devised and implemented a fraudulent scheme to gain access to and use the SOES system for unlawful proprietary trading from April 1998 through June 2001.  
 
108. Heartland, by engaging by engaging in the conduct described above, directly or indirectly, by use of the means or instrumentality of transportation or communication in interstate commerce, or by use of the mails, or of any facility of any national securities exchange, in connection with the purchase or sale of securities:    
 
(1) employed manipulative, deceptive, or other fraudulent devices or contrivances,    
 
(2) made untrue statements of material facts or omitted to state material facts necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, which statements or omissions were made with knowledge or reasonable grounds to believe that they were untrue or misleading, or    
 
(3) engaged in acts, practices, or courses of business which operate or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person.  
109. By reason of the foregoing, Heartland, directly or indirectly, violated, and unless restrained and enjoined will continue to violate, Section 15(c) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15c1-2 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78o(c) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15c1-2].
 
FIFTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act
 
and Rules 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), and 17a-3(a)(3) thereunder
 
[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(1),
 
240.17a-3(a)(2), and 240.17a-3(a)(3)]
 
[Allocation of Proprietary Trades to Nominee Customer Accounts]
 
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, Heartland, Elbogen, Zelcer]  
110. Paragraphs 1 through 109 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.  
 
111. As set forth above, Datek Securities and Heartland failed to make and keep certain books and records current and accurate.  Datek Securities and Heartland, among other things, falsely recorded in its blotters, ledgers, ledger accounts, and other records, including records of original entry, that its proprietary trades were customer transactions conducted in non-proprietary customer accounts.


112. As a result, Datek Securities and Heartland violated Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), and 17a-3(a)(3) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), and 240.17a-3(a)(3)].
113. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler, Elbogen, and Zelcer knowingly aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), and 17a-3(a)(3) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), and 240.17a-3(a)(3)].
114. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, McCarty, and Erik Maschler knowingly aided and abetted Heartland's violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), and 17a-3(a)(3) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), and 240.17a-3(a)(3)].
					
SIXTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act
and Rule 17a-3(a)(7) thereunder
[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(7)]
[Failure to Prepare and Maintain Current and Accurate Sales Records]
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Erik Maschler]
115. Paragraphs 1 through 114 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.
116. As set forth above, Datek Securities failed to make and keep accurate records of each purchase and sale of securities, including order and sales tickets prepared prior to the execution of trading transactions.
117. As a result, Datek Securities violated Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(7) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(7)].
118. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, and Erik Maschler aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(7) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(7)].
					
SEVENTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act 
and Rules 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-5(a), and 17a-5(d) thereunder
[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(2),
240.17a-5(a), and 240.17a-5(d)]
[Improper Classification of Elm and Treasure Payments]
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Elbogen, Erik Maschler, and Zelcer]
119. Paragraphs 1 through 118 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.
120. As set forth above, in 1995 and 1996 Datek Securities falsely classified in its ledgers the payments it made to Elm and Treasure.  Datek Securities also falsely classified the Elm and Treasure payments in its FOCUS reports and in its audited financial statements submitted to the Commission for the years 1995 and 1996.    
121. As a result, Datek Securities violated Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-5(a), and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(2), 240.17a-5(a), and 240.17a-5(d)].
122. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Elbogen, Erik Maschler, and Zelcer aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(2) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(2)].
123. Defendants Zelcer and Elbogen aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-5(a), and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-3(a)(2), 240.17a-5(a), and 240.17a-5(d)].
					
EIGHTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act
and Rules 17a-5(a) and 17a-5(d) thereunder
[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-5(a) and 240.17a-5(d)]
[FOCUS Reports and Audited Financial Statements / Other Items]
[Heartland, Erik Maschler, Zelcer, Elbogen]
124. Paragraphs 1 through 123 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.  
125. As set forth above, false data regarding Datek Securities' trading was used to create false books and records.  This data affected the sources of information used to prepare Datek Securities' FOCUS filings and annual audited financial statements for 1995, 1996, and 1997, and made these reports inaccurate.
126. False data regarding Heartland's trading was also used to create false books and records.  This data affected the sources of information used to prepare Heartland's FOCUS filings and annual audited financial statements for 1998 through 2000, and made these reports inaccurate.
127. As a result, Datek Securities and Heartland violated Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-5(a) and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-5(a) and 240.17a-5(d)].
128. Defendants Zelcer and Elbogen aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-5(a) and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.17a-5(a) and 240.17a-5(d)].
129. Defendant Erik Maschler aided and abetted Heartland's violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-5(d)].
					
NINTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act
and Rules 17a-3(a)(9) thereunder
[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(9)]
[Books and Records Relating to the Raft Nominee Accounts]
[Heartland, Sheldon Maschler, Citron, Erik Maschler, McCarty]
130. Paragraphs 1 through 129 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.
131. As set forth above, Datek Securities and Heartland failed to reflect in its books and records the true beneficial owners of the nominee accounts funded by Raft loans.
132. As a result, Heartland violated Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(9) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(9)].
133. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, and McCarty aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(9) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(9)].
134. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Erik Maschler, and McCarty aided and abetted Heartland's violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(9) promulgated thereunder[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(9)].
					
TENTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act
and Rule 15b7-1 thereunder
[15 U.S.C. § 78o(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15b7-1]
[Use of Unregistered Salespersons]
[Sheldon Maschler, Erik Maschler, Citron, McCarty]
135. Paragraphs 1 through 134 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.
136. As set forth above, Datek Securities permitted unregistered employees to buy and sell securities.
137. As a result of the conduct set forth above, Datek Securities willfully violated Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15b7-1 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78o(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15b7-1].
138. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Erik Maschler, Citron, and McCarty aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15b7-1 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78o(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15b7-1].
					
ELEVENTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act
and Rules 17a-3(a)(12) thereunder
[15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(12)] 
[Unregistered Salespersons / Forms U-4]
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty]
139. Paragraphs 1 through 138 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.
140. As set forth above, Datek Securities used unregistered employees to buy and sell securities and failed to make and keep required documentation, including a Form U-4 for each such employee, that reflected current and accurate registration information.
141. As a result, Datek Securities violated Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(12) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(12)].
142. Defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, and McCarty aided and abetted Datek Securities' violations of Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-3(a)(12) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.17a-3(a)(12)] .
					
TWELFTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
Violations of Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act
and Rule 15b3-1 thereunder 
[15 U.S.C. § 78o(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15b3-1]
[Undisclosed Control Persons]
[Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Elbogen, Zelcer]
143. Paragraphs 1 through 142 are hereby realleged and incorporated by reference.
144. As set forth above, Datek Securities failed to disclose to the SEC, as required, that Sheldon Maschler and Citron exercised control, directly or indirectly, over Datek Securities' management and policies, through agreement or otherwise.  
145. As a result, defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Elbogen, and Zelcer aided and abetted the violations by Datek Securities of Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 15b3-1 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78o(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.15b3-1].
					
PRAYER FOR RELIEF
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff Securities and Exchange Commission respectfully requests that this Court enter a judgment:
(i) permanently enjoining defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, and McCarty from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)] and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5], and from aiding and abetting violations of Sections 15(b) and 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 15b3-1, 15b7-1, 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-3(a)(3), 17a-3(a)(7), 17a-3(a)(9), and 17a-3(a)(12) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. §§ 78o(b), 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.15b3-1, 240.15b7-1, 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), 240.17a-3(a)(3), 240.17a-3(a)(7), 240.17a-3(a)(9), and 240.17a-3(a)(12)];
(ii) permanently enjoining defendant Heartland from violating Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)(1)], and Sections 10(b), 15(c), and 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 15c1-2, 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-3(a)(3), 17a-3(9), 17a-5(a), and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. §§ 78j(b), 78o(c), 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.10b-5, 240.15c1-2, 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), 240.17a-3(a)(3), 240.17a-3(a)(9), 240.17a-5(a), and 240.17a-5(d)];
(iii) permanently enjoining defendant Erik Maschler from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)] and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5], and from aiding and abetting violations of Sections 15(b) and 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 15b7-1, 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-3(a)(3), 17a-3(a)(7), 17a-3(a)(9), and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. §§78o(b), 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.15b7-1, 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), 240.17a-3(a)(3), 240.17a-3(a)(7), 240.17a-3(a)(9), and 240.17a-5(d)];
(iv) permanently enjoining defendants Elbogen and Zelcer from aiding and abetting violations of Sections 15(b) and 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-3(a)(1), 17a-3(a)(2), 17a-3(a)(3), 17a-5(a), and 17a-5(d) promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. §§ 78o(b) and 78q(a)(1) and 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.15b3-1, 240.17a-3(a)(1), 240.17a-3(a)(2), 240.17a-3(a)(3), 240.17a-5(a), and 240.17a-5(d)];
(v) permanently enjoining defendant Raft Investments, Inc. from aiding and abetting violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5];
(vi) permanently enjoining defendant JES Management Corp. from aiding and abetting violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) and 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5];
(vii) ordering defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Heartland, Erik Maschler, Elbogen, Zelcer, Raft Investments, Inc., and JES Management Corp. to pay civil monetary penalties pursuant to Section 21(d)(3) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78u(d)(3)];
(viii) ordering defendants Sheldon Maschler, Citron, McCarty, Heartland, Erik Maschler, and Raft Investments, Inc. to pay civil monetary penalties pursuant Section 20(d) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C. § 77t(d)]; and
					
(ix) granting such other relief as this Court may deem just and appropriate.
					
						
							
								
									
										
Respectfully submitted,
______________________________
Luis R. Mejia (LM-5387)
Mark A. Adler (MA-8703)
Attorneys for Plaintiff
Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20549-0911
(202) 942-4744 
(202) 942-9569 (Fax)
										
									
								
							
						
					
Of Counsel:
Antonia Chion  Joseph J. Cella III
Robert B. Hanson Jessica R. Kline
Scott F. Weisman
Dated: January __, 2003					
Washington, D.C.

 

http://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp17929.htm




Home | Previous Page
Modified: 01/14/2003







 




Golden Boy?; He's Dazzled Wall Street, but the Ghosts Of His Company May Haunt His Future - The New York Times




































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Business Day|Golden Boy?; He's Dazzled Wall Street, but the Ghosts Of His Company May Haunt His Future







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Business Day

Golden Boy?; He's Dazzled Wall Street, but the Ghosts Of His Company May Haunt His Future

By DAVID BARBOZAMAY 10, 1998



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









EVEN by Wall Street standards, Jeffrey A. Citron is enormously successful. He has a multimillion-dollar mansion on the Jersey Shore, often commutes to work by helicopter and likes to fly to Florida in his private Gulfstream jet. Now just 27 years old, he puts his net worth at $100 million.That is a mighty leap for a high school graduate who started working at 17 as an office clerk in a small Brooklyn brokerage firm called Datek Securities. His big idea? While the giant investment houses were tied up in ticker tape, he was automating stock trading operations and paving the way to the $9.99 Internet trade. He even helped develop an electronic stock exchange that has been hailed by officials at the Nasdaq stock market and the Securities and Exchange Commission as ''innovative'' and ''revolutionary.''''Every so often, someone comes around who cracks the code on Wall Street,'' said Bill Burnham, a stock analyst who tracks on-line brokerage firms for Piper Jaffray. ''And Citron just cracked the code.''Today, Mr. Citron is the chief executive of the Datek Online Holdings Corporation, which grew out of Datek Securities to become one of the nation's fastest-growing on-line brokerage firms. He has been heralded as a ''technology wizard'' by Forbes magazine and as ''one of the 20 most important players on the financial Web'' by Institutional Investor.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

But as he steps into the spotlight, with plans to take his on-line venture public, a darker tale is creeping out of the shadows, one that raises troubling questions about Datek and threatens to undermine Mr. Citron's stature as a Wall Street golden boy. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





For behind Datek's burgeoning on-line empire in Iselin, N.J., is a securities firm with a murky and blemished past -- a record of aggressive, and sometimes illegal, trading activity; of fines, censures and suspensions, and of shadowy deals involving offshore accounts.And not all of Datek's problems are history. S.E.C. officials are investigating whether Datek was part of a stock manipulation scheme in recent years involving the sale of securities to overseas investors, according to investigators, law enforcement officials and a person supboenaed in the case. The office of the Manhattan District Attorney, meanwhile, says it is looking into whether Datek participated in a money laundering scheme.A group of former Datek employees questioned last month told the District Attorney's office that as recently as 1997, the firm encouraged trading practices that were highly profitable but that they believed were prohibited by the National Association of Securities Dealers.Then there are Mr. Citron's and Datek's connections to Robert E. Brennan, the flamboyant penny-stock promoter whom a Federal judge, in a civil case brought by the S.E.C., denounced in 1995 for engaging in ''a massive and continuing fraud'' and who has been barred from the brokerage industry.Mr. Citron's mansion in Brielle, N.J., is built on the site of Mr. Brennan's home, which Mr. Citron bought in 1996 for $3.3 million and tore down. He also bought Mr. Brennan's jet, for $3.8 million. Mr. Citron, however, denies that they have any other relationship.And in papers filed in his bankruptcy case, Mr. Brennan said he had borrowed $3 million from a company operated by Sheldon Maschler, the chief trader at Datek from 1987 to 1996, and the man who hired Mr. Citron into the firm. Earlier, Mr. Maschler had worked for Mr. Brennan.Mr. Citron -- who has sought recently to distance himself from both men -- vehemently denies that Datek has been involved in any wrongdoing. In a statement last week, he called the accusations of money laundering and stock manipulation ''baseless'' and ''defamatory.''

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Former Datek employees say it is just the kind of inquiry Mr. Citron appeared to be worried about last year when he took full charge of Datek. Eager to take Datek Online public, associates say, Mr. Citron has tightened management controls, outlawed many trading practices, hired a major accounting firm and recently completed a spinoff of the firm's trading unit, the center of most of the questioned practices.Mr. Citron, who at 6 feet 2 inches is paunchy and personable rather than imposing, prefers to talk about being a champion of the small investor or about how the Internet is transforming the securities marketplace than about Datek's troubled history.''We don't want to be associated with that past, the past of Datek,'' he said in an interview last month.  ''We're a different company now.''In the BeginningA 'Natural' Forges A Strategic AllianceThe past, it seems, has often been a difficult subject for Jeffrey Citron. For instance, he tells at least two versions of his upbringing on Staten Island.In one interview, he described himself as the only son of middle-class parents who worked in the insurance business. And as early as he could recall, he was passionate about computers. ''I was fascinated with technology all through my life,'' he said. The interest in Wall Street came later, he said, after a stock-picking contest in high school.But in a later interview, when pressed, he acknowledged that his father, Howard Citron, pleaded guilty in the early 1990's to falsifying business records at Wakefield Securities, a small New York firm, in part of what the Manhattan District Attorney called a ''massive stock-rigging scheme'' that cost investors millions of dollars. Law enforcement officials said his father was also a heavy gambler who served two months in a Federal prison in 1991 for peddling cocaine.The subject clearly unsettles the younger Mr. Citron, who says he fears that others will draw false parallels. ''My father should be no reflection on my abilities,'' he said. ''It only puts a blemish upon me.''It was, however, his father's connections that led him to Wall Street. Sheldon Maschler, who grew up with Howard Citron in Brooklyn and was a close friend, ran a trading operation at Datek Securities. Jeffrey Citron went to work there in 1988, a month after graduating from high school. ''While he was growing up,  he'd see Shelly trading, and that was the spark,'' said Mario Russo, a childhood friend.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Citron started as a clerk in a small Datek office a few blocks from the New York Stock Exchange. ''He was your typical office boy,'' said Aaron Elbogen, a founder of Datek. ''But at some point we realized he was a very bright kid.''Soon, Mr. Citron was trading, and those who remember say his analytic bent made him a natural. ''It wasn't too long before Jeffrey popped up with his Mercedes,'' Mr. Russo said.By age 20, Mr. Citron said, he had earned $1 million. His net worth mushroomed a few years later, when he used his computer skills to automate much of the daily brokerage operation.His ally was a 20-something computer programmer named Joshua Levine, another New Yorker who had found his way into Mr. Maschler's camp. ''We had a deal,'' Mr. Citron recalled. ''I said, 'You teach me everything you know about programming, and I'll teach you how to trade.' ''Although Mr. Levine had dropped out of high school, he was, by all accounts, a programming genius -- smart enough to build a stock quotation system for Tiger Management, the hedge fund run by Julian H. Robertson Jr.Working out of the basement of Mr. Maschler's Staten Island home, where Datek had moved its four-man trading operation in 1990, Mr. Citron and Mr. Levine found faster, cheaper ways to broker stocks. ''Me and Jeff would come in at midnight,'' Mr. Levine said. ''We would split the wires on the Nasdaq monitor to serve several traders and save the $50-a-monitor charge.''When Mr. Citron arrived on Wall Street in the late 1980's, his chief complaint was all the paperwork. But no longer. ''People didn't have to come in at 5 A.M. anymore,'' he said. ''The computers did everything.'''Who Is This?'Mining a Glitch, Striking It RichIf computers could make the office more efficient and profitable, why couldn't they do the same for the trading operation?

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

The logic was not lost on Mr. Citron. He told Mr. Levine about arbitrage trading -- buying and selling to profit from sometimes slight differences in the prices of two similar but fluctuating assets, like a warrant that carries the right to buy a stock and the underlying stock itself. The two of them went to work. ''We created a system that alerted you to arbitrage,'' Mr. Levine says. ''What that meant was that if the stock went up you hit the lotto. And the first day we made like a gazillion billion dollars.''Their big break, though, came with the Small Order Execution System, or S.O.E.S., on the Nasdaq stock market, which was meant to give smaller investors better access to the market. In 1988, the S.E.C. ordered dealers who made a market in over-the-counter stocks to use S.O.E.S., an electronic system that allows brokers to execute orders via a computer rather than the telephone. It meant instantaneous execution.Almost immediately, professional traders picked up on a glitch. Because the system automatically executed orders at the prices listed by market makers, those who were slow to update their prices could be forced to execute an electronic order at an outdated price, even if it meant a loss.Harvey I. Houtkin, the founder of the All-Tech Investment Group in Montvale, N.J., found a way to exploit this system. But Datek, under Mr. Maschler's guidance, perfected it. And a program created by Mr. Citron and Mr. Levine was so effective and efficient that Datek, armed with just a few traders and computers, began racking up big profits.Market makers complained that ''rogue traders,'' or ''S.O.E.S. bandits,'' were profiting unfairly from these inefficiencies. Regulators, though, made only minor changes. As a result, the S.O.E.S. trades created a small revolution on Wall Street. Big brokerage houses were pummeled by small firms in places like Jersey City and Brooklyn.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




Datek soon became the biggest and richest of S.O.E.S. firms. Legions of aggressive traders, many of them Ivy League graduates, joined Datek on the prospect of earning up to $750,000 in their first year. In 1996, the firm had a trading profit of about $95 million, up from $3.8 million in 1992. ''The market makers hated Datek because they were making millions,'' Mr. Houtkin recalled. ''They were hated probably more than any other firm on Wall Street.''One reason for Datek's success was its innovative software programs like Watcher and the Monster Key -- programs that other S.O.E.S. houses eventually licensed or mimicked. Mr. Citron and Mr. Levine, meanwhile, created an array of companies to orbit around Datek, including Smith Wall Associates, a computer services concern that had sales of $100 million in 1996. It was from many of these companies that the two say they made much of their fortunes, tens of millions of dollars. They even won over regulators by developing an electronic stock exchange called Island, a system that now handles about 4 percent of all Nasdaq trading volume.The networks they built, particularly the ones that did S.O.E.S. trading, were so powerful that they strained the Nasdaq stock market's computer operations. ''We were saying, 'Who is this?' '' said John T. Wall, a Nasdaq executive, remembering days when Datek's computers flooded the market with S.O.E.S. orders. ''We never saw the system used that way before.''ConnectionsTies to a 'Bad Boy' Of Wall StreetDatek's ascendance would not have been possible without Sheldon Maschler. Now a 53-year-old real estate developer in Boca Raton, Fla., Mr. Maschler declined to be interviewed for this article. But a few things are clear: He is the link to Mr. Brennan, and his name comes up again and again in accusations of stock manipulation and illegal trading practices at Datek.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

A self-described ''bad boy'' of Wall Street, Mr. Maschler -- who once got into a shouting match with Nasdaq officials at a news conference -- worked in the early 1980's at First Jersey Securities, the firm Mr. Brennan brought to national prominence with television commercials that encouraged small investors to ''Come grow with us.''As early as the mid-1970's, Federal regulators were investigating whether Mr. Brennan defrauded investors and helped inflate the prices of stocks he owned. As a result, in 1983, Mr. Brennan, Mr. Maschler and several other traders were accused in a civil suit by the S.E.C. of manipulating the stock of Geosearch, a small New York concern that handled oil and gas leases. Though First Jersey and the traders did not admit to wrongdoing, they settled the case by agreeing to submit to greater scrutiny.After First Jersey collapsed in 1987, Mr. Maschler opened a trading operation at Datek Securities. He was an expert trader, friends say, but also a defiant one. ''Rules weren't rules for Shelly,'' said Mr. Houtkin of All-Tech, a former partner of Mr. Maschler's. ''Shelly had a street mentality, and under him Datek always operated in the bowels of the industry.''Indeed, Mr. Maschler's tenure as head trader at Datek is steeped in infractions -- fines, suspensions and violations of S.O.E.S. trading rules.In 1991, he was fined $25,000 by the N.A.S.D. and suspended from the brokerage industry for 30 days. The next year, the N.A.S.D. penalized him for ''indecorous and abusive language'' and violating a S.O.E.S. trading rule 690 times. For various violations in the early 1990's, he eventually paid a $675,000 fine and was suspended for one year from the industry. Datek and Mr. Citron, who worked alongside Mr. Maschler, were also sanctioned. In 1996, Mr. Citron was fined $20,000 and suspended for 20 days. Neither Mr. Maschler nor Mr. Citron admitted to any wrongdoing.Even though Mr. Maschler was suspended and shed all his Datek shares in 1996, current and former employees say Mr. Maschler remains a presence at the firm. For example, although his one-year suspension began on Feb. 18, 1997, Datek traders say he continued to attend monthly meetings at a Manhattan banquet room, and even spoke at one. In a written response to a reporter's questions about Mr. Maschler's suspension, Datek officials said he had not been involved in the firm since 1996, and that if he visited, he attended only ''social events, such as company parties, golf outings and other similar events.''New charges have surfaced recently. Two weeks ago, the S.E.C. filed a civil fraud suit contending that Mr. Maschler and four others, including executives at the Alter Sales Company, an automotive firm in Florida, collaborated in a 1993 scheme to sell unregistered Alter shares to a fictitious foreign investor.The suit contends that Mr. Maschler, serving as the Datek account executive for the fictitious investor, failed to make adequate inquiries to determine whether there were any restrictions on the sales of those shares, the proceeds of which were later placed in offshore accounts. The S.E.C. says it is seeking ''disgorgement'' of $6.5 million in  illegal profits from Mr. Maschler and the others.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

The Sovereign Equity Management Corporation of Boca Raton, Fla., a brokerage firm that was closed down by the N.A.S.D. last year for repeated infractions, was also named by the Government as a participant in the scheme.Datek itself is accused of doing something similar in 1996. Last year, the Fortune Petroleum Company, now called Fortune Natural Resources, sued Datek in Federal District Court in Manhattan, contending that the firm manipulated its stock in conjunction with an overseas offering that apparently benefited six foreign investors, who resold the shares through a Datek account. The Israel Trading Fund -- a small New York firm that has ceased operations -- was also named in the suit.The case is pending, and the S.E.C. is investigating whether Datek and the Israel Trading Fund were involved in a stock manipulation scheme dealing with overseas securities offerings, said a person who was subpoenaed. Datek says it has moved to dismiss the suit but will vigorously defend itself if necessary.Three former Datek traders said that when they were questioned last month by the office of the Manhattan District Attorney, they were asked about the Israel Trading Fund, but an investigator said the focus was a money laundering scheme.The traders said they also told the investigators that as recently as last year, they were encouraged by seasoned traders and managers at Datek to engage in trading practices that they believed were prohibited by the N.A.S.D. One example: so-called rapid-fire trading, which they said involved using the S.O.E.S. system to trade blocks of shares in sizes forbidden by regulators and then using a computer to split the blocks, thereby masking the size of the trades.In the Middle?More Trials And TribulationsThough not charged, Mr. Maschler has been subpoenaed in a civil case against Mr. Brennan that is now approaching trial. The New Jersey Attorney General's office says that in the early 1990's, several brokerage firms controlled by Mr. Brennan manipulated the prices of four stocks by trading them among themselves. Mr. Brennan, investigators say, may have made up to $125 million.''Datek was an intermediary in the movement of securities from Brennan to the brokers he controlled,'' said Harlan I. Ettinger, deputy attorney general in New Jersey. ''We've alleged Maschler was the trader who handled those transactions.''Mr. Maschler's ties to Mr. Brennan are certainly extensive. In a deposition last year in his bankruptcy case, Mr. Brennan said he had an account worth $2 million at two brokerage firms through a company he owned called Pirates Associates. One of those firms, he said, was Datek. Mr. Brennan also said that in 1996 he borrowed $3 million from Elm Management, a real estate company owned by Mr. Maschler.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Citron said it was Mr. Maschler who told him Mr. Brennan's house was for sale. In an interview last month, Mr. Citron said he did not know Mr. Brennan and had met him only once. Asked later about reports of other meetings, he acknowledged at least 11 encounters, including one at a dinner party at Mr. Brennan's Juno Beach, Fla., mansion. ''When I said I met him once, I really meant under one event -- the buying of his house,'' Mr. Citron explained. ''Because I bought his house, and subsequently bought his plane, people try and make an association. There is no relationship between me and Bob Brennan.''Mr. Citron said, moreover, that he does not admire Mr. Brennan, whose history he calls ''deplorable.''And Mr. Brennan issued a terse statement by fax, which read, in part: ''I am not now, nor have I ever been, involved in any way in managing, advising, influencing or funding Datek, Mr. Citron or any other persons associated with Datek.''Mr. Citron, who initially cooperated for this article, declined to answer further questions last week. A lawyer representing Mr. Citron left a telephone message requesting that publication be delayed and saying that the allegations against Datek ''are absolutely false.''Moving OnPlacing Eggs In Internet BasketBy all accounts, Jeffrey Citron is trying to distance himself and Datek Online from Mr. Maschler, Mr. Brennan and the old S.O.E.S. trading unit, which has grown less profitable as the technology it developed has become more widely available. In March, when he gave a reporter a tour of Datek's offices, Mr. Citron did not include the trading floor. That unit was being spun off, he said.Later that month, Datek announced that the unit was being acquired by Heartland Securities, a money management firm that shares a building with Datek Online in Iselin. The owners are Mr. Elbogen and one of Mr. Maschler's sons, Erik. Mr. Elbogen and Erik Maschler are also shareholders in Datek Online.Now, Internet trading is booming. And that is why analysts from big Wall Street firms, which had so much disdain for S.O.E.S. traders, see great promise for Mr. Citron's new Datek.''Everyone in the industry has their eye on Datek,'' says Julio Gomez, president of Gomez Advisors in Boston, which tracks on-line trading. ''They have a cult following among on-line investors.''

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Datek, which boasts the fastest execution of stock trading, is growing rapidly. In early 1997, it had 10,000 customers. It now has 80,000, who have more than $1.5 billion in Datek accounts.Mr. Citron talks about Datek as a great ''cost-cutting growth firm,'' with no fat and lots of computers. Wall Street analysts, eager to hear the gospel, are dining with Mr. Citron and being offered helicopter rides, said Scott Appleby, who tracks Internet and related companies for ABN Amro.After all, the mere mention of the Internet can send a stock soaring these days.Mr. Citron's message: that the Internet will be the new force in the brokerage business, giving smaller investors more control over their stock trades.''Our mission is to empower the individual investor by bringing the stock market to their desktop,'' Mr. Citron said. ''When you look at the Wall Street I began in, the individual was left out. Brokers would shovel anything to you, and you were in the dark.'' Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times





























How I Did It: Jeffrey Citron, | Inc.com








 





















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  HOW I DID IT
													







How I Did It: Jeffrey Citron


First he disrupted the brokerage business. Now, with Vonage, Jeffrey Citron is changing the game on the phone companies.






By Jeffrey Citron













WRITE A COMMENT



















CREDIT: 










As told to Brian L. Clark
Jeffrey Citron is an excitable entrepreneur who likes to talk about his track record for starting companies, disrupting industries, and making money. In 1992, he disrupted the financial services industry when he created Island ECN, a high-tech trading system that allowed investors to trade shares by entering buy and sell orders into a single database. He sold it in 2002 for $503 million. In 1996, he started the online brokerage Datek Online, which targeted day traders and was sold for $1.3 billion in 2002. Citron, however, had been forced to leave in 1999 because of an illegal-trading dispute with the SEC that he ultimately settled -- without admitting any wrongdoing -- by paying a $22.5 million fine. That's something he says he can't discuss. But he's more than happy to talk about his latest venture, Vonage, the broadband phone company based in Edison, N.J., that lets users make phone calls over the Internet and plans to introduce a Wi-Fi handset later this year. The company, in which Citron invested more than $50 million of his own money, has 850,000 subscribers and expects $100 million in revenue this year.
I took an economics class in high school and part of the class was to pick securities. One I picked was MCI. Watching what happened in the markets, translating that into decisions, getting a daily update on how you're doing -- it's a very painful and rewarding experience. One day's pain is the next day's drug. So I pursued a career on Wall Street, which is probably the most competitive environment in the world. Being bred out of that gives you a certain drive. It's the same here at Vonage except it's 24 hours a day, seven days a week. That's been the hardest transition -- you have to say, "I'm going to stop now."
I like to work with disruptive technologies that require a lot of capital for marketing but not for building a service. You don't have to build a factory or a plant. It scales easily.
Being an entrepreneur is like being a parent. You want to nurture your young children or your young companies and take an active and dominant role in their lives, making sure they grow up appropriately. And as they get older, you start ceding authority. You can still be a very active parent, and in the case of Vonage, I probably will be for a long time.
Don't listen to the naysayers. Even with Vonage, there are still lots of naysayers. They just don't have the vision and the forethought to see how the world's going to change.
We started working on Vonage in August of 2000. We decided to form this company -- with a small amount of capital, $6 million -- whose sole purpose was to take our ideas and turn them into a commercial, workable product. After that we raised a little more money to see how quickly we could build a real service.
The issue was how do you explain the product. We tried talking about it in terms of VoIP and we found that confused a lot of people. We tried "broadband phone company" and that worked -- it's how we are known today. And then after we figured out how to price it, market it, and distribute it, only then did we go forward and start selling it. We spent almost a year figuring out the marketing.One of the key moments was when we took one IP phone and made it ring another. And then I took that phone home, and I plugged it into the broadband connection in my house and called the guys in the office -- and we had phone service.
We had a number of technological hurdles. We had to make the service work with home networks and 911. That's a huge challenge because with Vonage, someone living in L.A. can have a 212 number, so an emergency call would go to New York. I also think you have to redefine quality. People aren't sensitive so much to voice quality -- many use cell phones to reduce their long distance bills. But at the end of the day, they keep the landline because cell phone reliability isn't good enough. When you go to dial your phone call, does it go through? How many calls drop? That, people will not sacrifice.
This market was ripe for someone to take a fresh look and say, "What can we do differently?" The telecom industry hadn't changed much in almost a hundred years. Technology has improved service quality and economics, but for the most part, the systems that were built in the '70s are still operating.
The larger companies aren't going to cannibalize their own business to stop a small competitor like Vonage. They aren't going to try to convert all their customers to VoIP. Remember, we've competed with AT&T now for nearly two years. And we've competed with Time Warner for nearly two years and we've competed with Cablevision for nearly two years. And based on the most recent market data, Vonage had over 600,000 lines in service (now more than 800,000), and the two cable operators each had a little over 350,000. And AT&T had somewhere around 75,000. We overcame a tremendous challenge not only to establish a leadership position but also to maintain that position. Over the last nine quarters we've added more customers than any other operator.
The initial delay with the Wi-Fi phone came from maintaining good battery life. Our goal is to make sure your talk time is comparable to what you would get with a cell phone or a home cordless phone. Now, we think we've got that one licked. Once the field trials are perfect, we're going to go live with the product.
The consumer market is so big, about 100 million homes. We'd love to get to 1.8 million lines in service. And that's a great number for a company that's only a couple of years old, compared with an entrenched Bell. It's sort of ironic that the people who started all this may very well not be here when it's all said and done.





Published on: Jul  1, 2005


















  Go to How I Did It for More Episodes




























































CITRON JEFFREY A: Form 4 Insider Trading History | Insider Insights



 







insider data searchcompliance searchprospect searchmanage portfoliosnew portfoliomanage screensnew screen





Home

About

FAQ

Contact

Media Mentions

Money Management

Subscribe



 










Search









Free Insider Data

Latest Insider Filings
Top 20 Searches
Portfolio Alerts
Top Trades Email
Special Screens Reports



Subscription Insider Data

Insider Filing Search
Prospect Search
Insider Special Screens
Insider Portfolio Alerts
Subscribe To Data Module



Insider Newsletter

Get Latest Newsletter
Subscribe To Newsletter



Subscriber Sign In

Pre-Programmed Screens
Pre-Programmed Searches
Saved Client Screens
Saved Client Searches
Saved Client Dossiers
Subscribe Now
Sign In




















Search by Ticker
Search by Filer Name
Search by Company Name
Search by Input Date



















Transaction Types













 B
 AB
 JB*
 OB
 OE*
 OE


 S
 AS
 JS*
 OS
 OS*
 3








 JB


 JS







					Reduced Version of Subscription Insider Search







Check all filing types




Uncheck all filing types




Remove The Noise























        Free Insider
        Products
    

Insider Portfolio Alerts
Free real time insider alerts


Top Trade Alerts
Free insider trades intra-day


Special Screens Report
Free insider special screens report





	Our Input Date Search is an excellent tool to examine the latest insider trades for new long and short investment ideas, 
	but it is only available to paid subscribers.
	
Click Here to Subscribe

close window



	Feature available to paying subscribers only. Subscriber output is also not separated on different pages, 
	so that print outs and Excel downloads contain all of a search's information.
	
Click Here to Subscribe

close window















Detailed Insider History For:'CITRON JEFFREY A'














click column headers to sort
#
View Form

Insider Statistics

T
N
H
M
S


Insider Title
Company Name
Ticker
Trans Type
Dollar Value
Shares Traded
Trans Date From
Trans Date To
Trans Price From
Trans Price To
Total Holdings
Delta % Owned
Owned
Other Info
SIC Code
SIC Sector
SIC Industry
SIC Sub-Industry
Input Date
1

     
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
6,594
---
7/1/17
---
---
12,670,751
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
7/5/17 - 6:07:28 pm
2

1y8830%24%1
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$2,808,629
414,913
6/20/17
6/22/17
---
$6.66
97,485
-81.0
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
6/22/17 - 5:25:27 pm
3

1y8830%24%1
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$1,817,523
276,606
5/16/17
5/17/17
---
$6.51
112,398
-71.1
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
5/18/17 - 5:50:09 pm
4

1y8830%24%1
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$2,149,863
330,516
4/19/17
4/20/17
---
$6.50
122,340
-73.0
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
4/20/17 - 5:11:58 pm
5

     
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
6,823
---
4/1/17
---
---
12,664,157
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
4/4/17 - 5:10:55 pm
6

1y8830%24%1
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$2,676,327
414,913
3/21/17
3/23/17
---
$6.32
134,220
-75.6
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
3/23/17 - 5:23:32 pm
7

1y8830%24%1
DIR
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$2,504,691
414,913
2/21/17
2/23/17
---
$6.01
149,133
-73.6
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
2/23/17 - 6:18:48 pm
8

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$3,089,179
414,913
1/17/17
1/19/17
---
$7.29
164,046
-71.7
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
1/19/17 - 5:43:24 pm
9

     
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
6,295
---
1/1/17
---
---
12,657,334
0.0
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
1/3/17 - 6:07:58 pm
10

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$3,481,750
500,000
12/20/16
12/22/16
---
$6.94
3,746,880
-11.8
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
12/22/16 - 4:51:12 pm
11

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$3,297,184
500,000
11/15/16
11/17/16
$6.53
$6.64
3,996,880
-11.1
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
11/17/16 - 4:51:29 pm
12

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$3,105,084
500,000
10/18/16
10/20/16
$6.16
$6.23
4,246,880
-10.5
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
10/20/16 - 5:47:41 pm
13

     
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
6,523
---
10/1/16
---
---
12,651,039
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
10/4/16 - 6:00:23 pm
14

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$3,223,834
500,000
9/20/16
9/22/16
$6.33
$6.58
4,496,880
-10.0
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
9/22/16 - 4:43:34 pm
15

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$6,078,256
1,000,000
8/16/16
8/18/16
$5.75
$6.18
4,746,880
-17.4
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
8/18/16 - 5:32:01 pm
16

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
AS
$613,713
101,640
---
7/19/16
---
$6.04
5,246,880
-1.9
I
10b
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
7/21/16 - 4:48:41 pm
17

     
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
7,308
---
7/1/16
---
---
12,644,516
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
7/5/16 - 5:59:06 pm
18

     
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
9,294
---
4/1/16
---
---
12,637,208
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
4/4/16 - 5:43:33 pm
19

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
S
$2,665,750
500,000
3/3/16
3/4/16
---
$5.31
5,297,700
-8.6
I
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
3/4/16 - 7:32:40 pm
20

     
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
7,512
---
1/1/16
---
---
12,627,914
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
1/5/16 - 4:26:05 pm
21

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
S
$3,275,995
500,000
11/20/15
11/24/15
---
$6.48
12,620,402
-3.8
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
11/24/15 - 6:06:00 pm
22

1y8830%24%1
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
S
$3,318,004
500,000
11/16/15
11/18/15
$6.54
$6.73
13,120,402
-3.7
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
11/18/15 - 7:02:07 pm
23

     
DIR,BO
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP
VG
JB
---
7,408
---
10/1/15
---
---
13,620,402
0.1
D
---
4813
Transportation, Communications, Electric, Gas, And Sanitary Services
Communications
 Telephone Communications (No Radiotelephone) 
10/2/15 - 5:48:05 pm









Amazon.com Widgets











Subscribe

Search

Screens

Alerts

Newsletter

Money Management

Free Stuff




Home

About

FAQ

Contact

Disclaimer & Terms Of Use

Privacy

Media Mentions

Transaction Codes


© 2017 InsiderInsights.com



 








Jeffrey A. Citron - Wikipedia





















 






Jeffrey A. Citron

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Jeffrey A. Citron is the chairman of Vonage, a voice-over-IP phone company. He was previously affiliated with Datek Online, the fourth-largest online stock brokerage at the time of its merger with Ameritrade in September 2002.[1]
Citron was the defendant in a civil enforcement action for securities fraud by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 2003.[2] Citron paid approximately $22.5 million of a $70 million settlement to be paid by all the defendants. The SEC said these fines were "among the largest penalty amounts the SEC has ever obtained from individuals."[3] In February 2003, the SEC finalized the settlement, ordering that Citron was "barred from association with any broker or dealer."[4]
In 1999, Citron and his wife Suzanne Lynn founded the Charles Lafitte Foundation (CLF), which has donated over $5 million to nonprofit organizations in the US.[citation needed] The President of CLF is Jennifer McCann Vertetis.[5]
References[edit]



^ TD AMERITRADE - History TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation AMTD.com
^ SEC vs. Sheldon Maschler, Jeffrey A. Citron, (et al.) Securities and Exchange Commission January 14, 2003.
^ SEC Charges Former Day-Trading Principals with Securities Fraud; (...) Defendants Agree to Pay Total of $70 Million U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. January 17, 2003.
^ SEC Administrative Proceeding File No. 3-11031, In the Matter of Jeffrey A. Citron, Respondent. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. February 6, 2003.
^ Board Members listing. Charles Lafitte Foundation website.







This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jeffrey_A._Citron&oldid=716771159"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2010All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 23 April 2016, at 19:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jeffrey A Citron - West Palm Beach, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey A Citron in West Palm Beach, FL


Jeffrey A Citron

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey A Citron  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from West Palm Beach, FL.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 9 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey A Citron is in his 40s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

West Palm Beach, FL
Marlboro, NJ
Holmdel, NJ

Jeffrey's Relatives

Christine Citron
Howard Citron
Marc Citron
Roberta Citron







Jeffrey A Citron



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Strategist at Vonage



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey A Citron
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey A Citron
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey A Citron
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey A Citron


Jeffrey A Citron's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey A Citron has lived as well as Jeffrey A Citron's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey A Citron Has Lived in 2 States
Florida Address for Jeffrey A Citron


2700 N O**** D* 

West Palm Beach, FL


Has Lived In

West Palm Beach, FL
Marlboro, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey A Citron

(732) ***-**** - Brielle, NJ 
(732) ***-**** - Holmdel, NJ 
(732) ***-**** - Brielle, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey A Citron

j************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Jeffrey A Citron's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey A Citron's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey A Citron has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey A Citron Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Vonage
               Title: Chief Strategist
Company: Vonage
               Title: Chairman
Jeffrey A Citron's Experience
Title: Chief Strategist
               Company: Vonage
Job Details
               Vonage (NYSE: VG) is a leading provider of cloud communications services for businesses and consumers. he Company provides a robust suite of feature-rich business and residential communication solutions that offer flexibility, portability and ease-of-use across multiple devices designed to meet the needs of a wide range of customers. Vonage'sportfolio of business products covers the full spectrum of business communications needs, serving single-person companies to those with thousands of employees spread over multiple locations. Vonage provides bring-your-own-broadband (BYOB) cloud products and those that offer carrier-grade reliability and Quality of Service (QoS) across BYOB options and the Company's private, national MPLS IP network, as well as integration with industry-leading CRM and business workflow applications. Vonage's business customers include In 2015, the Company was named a Visionary in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Unified Communications as-a-Service, Worldwide, and also earned the Frost & Sullivan Growth Excellence Leadership Award for Hosted IP and Unified Communications and Collaboration (UCC) Services.
Title: Chairman
               Company: Vonage
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey A Citron

 See Jeffrey A Citron's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey A Citron's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey A Citron


Jeffrey A Citron's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey A Citron's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Citron
Username Matches

                  JeffreyCitron
                  CitronJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Citron
                  Citron.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Citron
                  Citron_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Citron
                  Citron-Jeffrey
                  JCitron
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Citron







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Talk Gets Cheaper Jeffrey Citron's last venture got him banished from trading stocks. Now he's getting aggressive in a hot new industry--routing phone calls over the Internet. - March 1, 2004






































Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed.
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.













U.S.
+

International







Log In


Log Out






























 



Talk Gets Cheaper Jeffrey Citron's last venture got him banished from trading stocks. Now he's getting aggressive in a hot new industry--routing phone calls over the Internet.





By Julia Boorstin
March 1, 2004

(FORTUNE Small Business) – If Jeffrey Citron feels tarnished by his recent legal problems--he did, after all, pay a staggering $22.5 million settlement to the SEC just last year--he isn't letting on. He's brashly holding forth, seated at a makeshift conference table, which is covered by a cheap white tablecloth. The topic: his latest brain-storm-turned-business called Vonage. The 33-year-old Citron, who never went to college, is so wound up that he jumps to the next idea before he finishes the last one. "Right?" he'll ask repeatedly, trying to confirm that his point is understood before he nails the next one. He's so energetic he'll simply stand up mid-sentence, unable to stay still. "My involvement in any company is very emotional," he says, hours before he flies in his private jet to congressional meetings about potential industry regulation. "I commit every bit of energy and resources I can afford." 
Surely he has ample reserves of both. Since 2002 he's invested more than $30 million of his own money--collected from two earlier ventures that were acquired--to start Vonage (pronounced VOH-nij), an upstart in the newly crowded field of Internet-based phone companies. This service allows residential and small-business users to make phone calls that are routed primarily over the Internet at cheaper rates than conventional phone service. 




More from FSB




Help wanted for HR firm



A CEO and rodeo queen



King of the mountain bike











Current Issue






Since launching its product in January 2003, the privately held company, based in Edison, N.J., has attracted more customers than all the other industry players combined--100,000 of them, of which 20% are businesses with ten phone lines or fewer. But Vonage's domination may be short-lived: AT&T is coming this spring, behind such giants as Comcast and Time Warner Cable (owned by the parent of FSB's publisher), which have joined the fray in the past nine months. Shouldn't this entrepreneur seem more worried? "Citron always takes a very aggressive approach to the market," notes Harry Weller, a partner at New Enterprise Associates, a Menlo Park, Calif., venture capital firm that led a $35 million round of investment in Vonage in November. (A $40 million round led by Meritech and 3i was announced in February.) 
Weller says his firm did "quite a bit of work," spending nine months conducting its due diligence before funding Vonage. Citron's last venture, Datek Online Holdings, launched in 1996, grew to be the fourth-largest online brokerage in just three years--which is about as long as Citron stayed in charge. In 1997 the Securities and Exchange Commission began investigating activity at Datek's day-trading division. Citron, along with others, was eventually cited for breaking NASD rules by making trades for institutions on a system designed for individual investors and then trying to cover those trades up. 
What began with a $20,000 fine and a 20-day suspension for stock manipulation resulted in Citron stepping down in 1999. Recalls Mort David, then a Datek director: "Jeffrey finally understood that for everyone to realize the company's value, including him, he had to step aside." Citron sold his stake for an estimated $300 million the following year. Then, in January 2003, he agreed to pay a $22.5 million settlement to the SEC without admitting wrongdoing. He was also permanently barred from working with any brokers or dealers. By then, rival Ameritrade had plunked down $1.3 billion for Datek. 
Citron insists, angrily, that the episode hasn't left any scars. "It hasn't affected me at all," he grumbles. Notes David: "It's hard to be regretful if you're 28 and have hundreds of millions in cash." Perhaps, but Citron acts like an entrepreneur with something to prove. He boasts of pulling all-nighters, shrugs off suggestions that his legal problems may not make him the ideal CEO, and swats away any mention of his well-heeled rivals. "Even if I capture a small percentage of the 25 million broadband users, this is a billion-dollar company" in annual revenue, he says. And if he doesn't? "Vonage is positioned really well," he says. "The pie is big enough for everyone. And we have great margins," he adds, standing up for emphasis. 
Given Citron's résumé, it would be easy to mistake him for a tech geek. In 1992 he founded the Island ECN (electronic communication network), a computerized trading system for broker-dealers, which Instinet Group acquired in June 2002 for about $500 million. Citron, who left ECN in 1999, is less interested in technology breakthroughs than he is in retooling them for the masses. For him, it matters less that his three startups have been Internet-oriented than that their business models share other traits--a steady revenue stream, either from brokers or consumers, and the potential to grow to a mammoth scale. "I like technologies that can be highly disruptive to a controlled industry, shifting the market and bringing its costs down," he says. 
It certainly wasn't apparent that Vonage's first incarnation--the name intends to invoke the age of Voice Over the Net--possessed such potential when Citron signed on. In 2000, not long after exiting Datek, he got a call from Jeffrey Pulver, co-founder of a company called Min-X.com in Melville, N.Y. Pulver, then 37, asked Citron to invest in an electronic trading network that sold telecom minutes for phone companies. Citron was intrigued because he was frustrated with phone services' high costs. He invested and soon signed on as an executive--he couldn't trade securities, but he could trade minutes. 
Citron believed that Min-X.com had the potential to make many millions of dollars in annual revenues, but he wanted to build a multibillion-dollar business. That's why he suggested using the same system to offer Internet phone service to consumers. Citron rechristened the company Vonage in January 2001, and took over as CEO. "Jeffrey proposed we jump ahead and give the technology directly to the consumer," says Louis Holder, Vonage's head of product development. Citron "didn't care that no one had successfully deployed VOIP [Voice Over Internet Protocol] for real use." 
VOIP technology routes phone calls primarily over the Internet rather than exclusively over phone lines. A flat monthly fee covers unlimited national calls through a little box that customers hook up to their phone and into their broadband modems. Since the mid-1990s equipment-laden hobbyists have experimented with iterations of this technology, but it usually involved talking directly into a computer and communicating only with users of the same system. Citron made the technology accessible, turning a regular phone into an Internet appliance about as complicated as an answering machine. And his phone service is cheaper because he avoids traditional phone companies' expensive infrastructure and overhead and he circumvents portions of Baby Bells' and rural phone companies' pricey access fees. 
Citron's drive to make the technology appeal to Laymen has been especially apparent in Vonage's marketing. "VOIP was a bad word in the industry; it meant crappy technology. Outside the industry people don't care about acronyms," Citron says. "We called it 'broadband phone.'" Vonage's appeal was just as simple. "Price is key!" Citron shouts. In an entry-level plan, any user pays just $17 (including taxes) for 500 minutes of calls around the U.S. and to Canada. The list of extras includes such features as the ability to receive voicemail as an attachment to e-mail. And the company targets small businesses by offering them such options as the ability to create additional "virtual" phone numbers in other area codes. That provides convenience for customers while creating the impression that the Vonage user has branch offices. (For details on cost savings, see "Free Speech?" on the next page.) 
Consumers seem to be picking up Citron's message. In the year since launching its VOIP service, Vonage has become a $36-million-a-year business, growing 50% a quarter for the past three quarters. Citron expects the company to show a net profit in the second half of this year. To solidify Vonage's roughly 65% market share, Citron has penned deals with retailers such as Amazon and Best Buy. He has also signed partnerships with five cable companies and two Internet service providers so that Vonage can bundle its service with their broadband or Internet access. Such arrangements give Vonage access to a raft of cheaply acquired customers, while its partners can sell Vonage's service under their names. But Citron's success has also attracted competitors. "When AT&T said it was going to release a Vonage-like service, nothing made me happier," boasts Citron. "It acknowledges there's no other way to do what we do." Maybe so, but the arrival of a $34.5 billion competitor may yet change Citron's mood. 
Citron likes to wear his "first-mover advantage" label as if it were just coming into fashion. But plenty of companies--do Webvan, eToys, and Netscape ring any bells?--have proven how handily an innovator can get squashed by latecomers. Where is Vonage vulnerable? One weak spot could be service quality. "Vonage has to buy capacity from other telecom and broadband companies," which could cause customers to experience a delay while talking if suppliers don't prioritize Vonage's business, according to Muayyad Al-Chalabi, an Internet telephony consultant at RHK, a telecom research firm in San Francisco. 
Vonage's competitors, by contrast, own more of their own infrastructure. "Because Vonage's calls go on the public Internet, they can't fully guarantee the quality of service," claims Keith Cocozza, a spokesman for Time Warner Cable. Furthermore, companies including AT&T and Time Warner start with huge bases of potential customers and can position themselves as the convenient choice--bundling cable, broadband, and VOIP service on one bill. "Consumers," says Cocozza, "love the all-inclusive flat rate and the single point of contact." Another disadvantage for Vonage: It doesn't offer phone numbers in all area codes. 
Citron rejects each looming challenge as if he's rushing to cross items off a grocery list. Vonage's quality is consistent, he argues. Plus its options are more advanced and its customer service more personal than at a larger company. Cable operators may be able to bundle services, he notes, but because they are regional they can't offer such Vonage perks as the ability to transfer a number nationwide and "virtual" numbers in far-flung area codes. And even though AT&T plans to target both business and home customers, Citron contends that it will focus on large-scale enterprises, leaving him the homes and small businesses. "There will be a subset of people who don't want to deal with a huge company like AT&T," echoes Weller, the venture capitalist. 
If Citron manages to co-exist with his competitors, will impending FCC regulation be the real enemy? Now Vonage is regulated as an Internet company and is subject to the taxes and regulations phone companies face only for the portion of its business that uses telecom infrastructure. "Congress recognizes how dangerous it could be if regulation pushes the industry overseas, losing jobs and tax dollars and minimizing government access to phone records for homeland security," says Citron. Maybe so, but the industry will probably be regulated to some degree by 2005, predicts Aryeh Bourkoff, an analyst at UBS, voicing a commonly held industry sentiment. 
By then, though, Citron admits that he could very well have taken Vonage public or sold it off. Whatever happens, he's not going to sit still. He can't. "Jeffrey has always been very, very aggressive, and in this company there's some level of redemption involved," says Weller. "He wants to build an honorable business." 






More Small Business












Top StoriesThe failed 'skinny repeal' health care billGOP Obamacare repeal bill failsSpaceX now valued at $21 billionFour huge airlines are creating a virtual super-airlineDelta is getting out of Venezuela


























Citron, Jeffrey - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Jeffrey  Citron
JEFFREY CITRON, Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO, is a technology pioneer
and visionary who transformed the financial services industry. As
Chairman and CEO of Vonage, Mr. Citron aims to redefine yet another
industry –telecommunications. Mr. Citron spearheaded some of the more
revolutionary financial services developments over the past decade. In
1995, Mr. Citron founded The Island ECN, a computerized trading system
designed to eliminate the problems associated with order execution.
Instinet Group recently acquired the Island ECN for $503 million. Today,
the newly merged company is one of the largest global financial
exchanges, and is responsible for more than one in four NASDAQ trades.
Following on the success of The Island ECN, Mr. Citron founded and
became the Chairman and CEO of Datek Online Holdings Corp. as Datek
transitioned into the online brokerage industry. Under his leadership,
Datek had grown to become the fourth largest online brokerage in the US,
and was recently acquired by Ameritrade Holdings for $1.3 billion. The
newly merged company, with nearly 3 million customers, is now the second
largest online financial services firm behind the Charles Schwab
Company. Mr. Citron departed Datek in 1999 and, recognizing a similar
opportunity, founded Vonage. Apart from his entrepreneurial activities,
Mr. Citron is continually pursuing philanthropic initiatives. He
currently serves on the board of the Montclair Art Museum and through
his family foundation routinely funds medical research, supports the
Arts and dedicates his time and resources to children’s charities
Related Interviews:Jeffrey Citron - VonageMarch 11, 2005







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












CITRON | Nordstrom















Skip navigationNordstrom Rewards: Now everyone can earn a $20 Note. Join now.SearchSign InMain content

ShowCategoryShowPriceShowBrandShowCategoryShowPriceShowBrandYou searched for “CITRON”J.Crew French Cross Back Bikini Top$44.0015 out of 5 stars (1)Madewell Citron Graphic Tee$35.00J.Crew Lowrider Bikini Bottoms$40.002 colorsWillow & Clay Pompom Off the Shoulder TopWas: $79.00Now: $47.4040% off2 colorsRebecca Taylor Stretch Cotton Shift DressWas: $275.00Now: $164.9840% off2 colorsLa Vie Rebecca Taylor Open Back Tank$195.00Citron Peacock Print Silk Blouse (Plus Size)$208.0015 out of 5 stars (1)New MarkdownA.L.C. Cohen High Waist ShortsWas: $365.00Now: $218.9040% offChaus Print Mixed Media Side Tie Top$64.002 colorsVince Rib Knit TankWas: $265.00Now: $158.9840% offChaus Tropical Floral Side Pleat Top$59.00New MarkdownCitron Print Silk Layered Tunic (Plus Size)Was: $208.00Now: $124.8040% off2 colorsVince Bouclé Dolman PulloverWas: $320.00Now: $191.9840% off














Plus-Size Clothing | Nordstrom
















Skip navigation100% charged: Pop-In@Nordstrom Gets Wired. Power up.SearchSign InMain content

HomeWomenPlus-Size ClothingAll Plus-Size ClothingShowCategoryShowColorShowPriceShowBrandShowCategoryShowColorShowPriceShowBrandAll Plus-Size ClothingPlus-Size Clothing2 colorsNew MarkdownCaslon® Stella Knit Jacket (Plus Size)Was: $79.00Now: $47.4040% off3 colorsAnniversary SaleSPANX® Higher Power Mid-Thigh Shaping Shorts (Regular & Plus Size)Sale: $24.90After Sale: $38.001063.9 out of 5 stars (106)Anniversary SaleMiraclesuit® High Neck One-Piece SwimsuitSale: $121.90After Sale: $182.002 colorsAnniversary SaleNike 'Element' Dri-FIT Half Zip Running Top (Plus Size)Sale: $43.55 – $48.90After Sale: $65.0015 out of 5 stars (1)Anniversary SaleBobeau High/Low Long Fleece Cardigan (Plus Size)Sale: $45.90After Sale: $69.00161.7 out of 5 stars (16)2 colorsNew!REBEL WILSON X ANGELS Slit High/Low Shift Dress (Plus Size)$98.002 colorsNew!REBEL WILSON X ANGELS Stretch Jacquard Sheath Dress (Plus Size)$119.00New!REBEL WILSON X ANGELS Lace A-Line Dress (Plus Size)$139.00Anniversary SaleNike French Terry Sweatpants (Plus Size)Sale: $48.90After Sale: $65.0034 out of 5 stars (3)New!Glamorous Embroidered Tiered Gauze Maxi Dress (Plus Size)$159.005 colorsNew!Mac Duggal Sequin Plunging V-Neck Gown (Plus Size)$498.0034 out of 5 stars (3)



Related Products








AMOENA 'Frances' Soft Cup Cotton Leisure Bra


      Soft cotton lines the pocketed wire-free cups of ...
    






AMOENA 'Frances' Soft Cup Cotton Leisure Bra
Soft cotton lines the pocketed wire-free cups of an exceptionally comfortable bra with easy-to-use front hook-and-eye closure. Perfect for sleep, the darted cups ensure pretty, natural shaping no matter when or where you wear it. Color(s): black, grey, nude, orchid, taupe, white. Brand: AMOENA. Style Name:Amoena 'Frances' Soft Cup Cotton ... Learn More



Close quick view














AMOENA 'Lara Comfort' Soft Cup T-Shirt Bra


      Classic, seamless styling is the hallmark of a ...
    






AMOENA 'Lara Comfort' Soft Cup T-Shirt Bra
Classic, seamless styling is the hallmark of a soft, pocketed bra with molded two-way stretch foam cups and breathable mesh pockets that feel smooth, soft and exceptionally comfortable against sensitive skin. Color(s): black. Brand: AMOENA. Style Name:Amoena 'Lara Comfort' Soft Cup T-Shirt Bra. Style Number: 122615. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view














ASHLEY GRAHAM Phenomenon Convertible Underwire Bra


      This extra-romantic bra offers unparalleled support and options ...
    






ASHLEY GRAHAM Phenomenon Convertible Underwire Bra
This extra-romantic bra offers unparalleled support and options with molded cups and removable straps that work standard, crisscrossed or completely strapless. Delicate lace along the neckline creates a stunning halter look that adds a touch of seduction to going-out ensembles. Color(s): smoke. Brand: Ashley Graham. Style Name:Ashley Graham Phenomenon Convertible ... Learn More



Close quick view














CAKE Cotton Candy Seamless Nursing Bra


      A high thread count gives decadent softness to ...
    






CAKE Cotton Candy Seamless Nursing Bra
A high thread count gives decadent softness to a stretchy wireless nursing bra supportive enough for all-day wear and comfortable enough to sleep in. Strategic inner side slings lift and support, while quick-release clasps make nursing simple and easy. Color(s): aqua, beige, black, blue, blush, dnu beige, dnu black, dnu ... Learn More



Close quick view














CAKE Rock Candy Wireless Nursing Bra


      This maternity and nursing bra is designed to ...
    






CAKE Rock Candy Wireless Nursing Bra
This maternity and nursing bra is designed to maximize the lift and support required for the everyday bra. Breathable fabrication provides cool sensation while sleeping or doing pre/postnatal low-impact workouts. This bra will stretch accordingly to accommodate changing bust, making it ideal for all stages of pregnancy and post natal. ... Learn More



Close quick view














CALVIN KLEIN 'Perfectly Fit - Modern' T-Shirt Bra


      The molded microfiber cups of a lightly padded ...
    






CALVIN KLEIN 'Perfectly Fit - Modern' T-Shirt Bra
The molded microfiber cups of a lightly padded T-shirt bra create a smooth, contoured shape that looks great under everything in your closet. Color(s): bare, black, intuition, particle blue, white/ white. Brand: CALVIN KLEIN. Style Name:Calvin Klein 'Perfectly Fit - Modern' T-Shirt Bra. Style Number: 812095. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view














DÉESSE LINGERIE BY ADDITION ELLE Underwire Balconette Bra


      Delicate lace trims this saucy yet supportive full-fit ...
    






DÉESSE LINGERIE BY ADDITION ELLE Underwire Balconette Bra
Delicate lace trims this saucy yet supportive full-fit bra sculpted by molded cups that lift, shape and provide forward projection. The smooth neckline allows the underwire design to disappear underneath clothing. Color(s): abstract. Brand: DEESSE LINGERIE. Style Name:Déesse Lingerie By Addition Elle Underwire Balconette Bra (Plus Size). Style Number: 5362960. ... Learn More



Close quick view














FANTASIE 'Rebecca' Contour Underwire Bra


      Dainty lace trim underlines this supportive underwire bra ...
    






FANTASIE 'Rebecca' Contour Underwire Bra
Dainty lace trim underlines this supportive underwire bra padded with spacer foam to provide breathable, lightweight shaping that's exceptionally soft and comfortable against the skin. Color(s): black, nude, pewter, white. Brand: Fantasie. Style Name:Fantasie 'Rebecca' Contour Underwire Bra (D Cup & Up). Style Number: 513473. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view









Related Searches


elomi underwire bras


chantelle underwire bras


womens cake steel grey bra


calvin klein white t-shirt bra


womens black seamless bra


lingerie white seamless bra



















Petite Clothing | Nordstrom
















Skip navigation100% charged: Pop-In@Nordstrom Gets Wired. Power up.SearchSign InMain content

HomeWomenPetite ClothingShowCategoryShowSizeShowColorShowPriceShowBrandShowCategoryShowSizeShowColorShowPriceShowBrandPetite Clothing7 colorsAnniversary SaleHalogen® Long Open Front Cardigan (Regular & Petite)Sale: $49.90After Sale: $79.003 colorsAnniversary SaleCaslon® Knit Blazer (Regular & Petite)Sale: $39.90After Sale: $59.007 colorsAnniversary SaleHalogen Scallop Edge Sweater (Regular & Petite)Sale: $39.90After Sale: $59.0018 colorsAnniversary SaleCaslon® Rounded V-Neck Tee (Regular & Petite)Sale: $17.90After Sale: $25.007114.1 out of 5 stars (711)10 colorsAnniversary SaleGibson Bell Sleeve Cozy Fleece Pullover (Regular & Petite)Sale: $39.90After Sale: $59.0010 colorsAnniversary SaleCaslon® Long Sleeve Crewneck Tee (Regular & Petite)Sale: $19.90After Sale: $29.00464.2 out of 5 stars (46)2 colorsAnniversary SaleKenneth Cole New York Double Face Coat (Regular & Petite)Sale: $129.90After Sale: $198.00333.8 out of 5 stars (33)3 colorsAnniversary SaleCaslon® Twill Peplum Jacket (Regular & Petite)Sale: $49.90After Sale: $75.007 colorsAnniversary SalePleione Cold Shoulder Tie Sleeve Sweatshirt (Regular & Petite)Sale: $45.90After Sale: $69.003 colorsAnniversary SaleLauren Ralph Lauren Wool Blend Reefer Coat (Regular & Petite)Sale: $139.90After Sale: $220.0074 out of 5 stars (7)Anniversary SaleHalogen® Long Ribbed Cardigan (Regular & Petite)Sale: $59.90After Sale: $89.004 colorsAnniversary SaleHalogen® Long Ribbed Cashmere Cardigan (Regular & Petite)Sale: $199.90After Sale: $299.0010 colorsAnniversary SaleCaslon® Long Sleeve Scoop Neck Cotton Tee (Regular & Petite)Sale: $17.90After Sale: $25.0085 out of 5 stars (8)



Related Products








ADRIANNA PAPELL Chiffon Overlay Shutter Pleat Sheath Dress


      Beautifully draped chiffon with an asymmetrical cut flutters ...
    






ADRIANNA PAPELL Chiffon Overlay Shutter Pleat Sheath Dress
Beautifully draped chiffon with an asymmetrical cut flutters around the bodice of a sculpted shutter-pleat sheath for a flattering ponte-knit style with tasteful coverage. Color(s): black, blue lake, chili pepper, dusty rose, flamingo, navy, night blue, sky, wisteria. Brand: ADRIANNA PAPELL. Style Name:Adrianna Papell Chiffon Overlay Shutter Pleat Sheath Dress ... Learn More



Close quick view














ADRIANNA PAPELL Stripe Halter Dress


      Bold black-and-white stripes call attention to a versatile ...
    






ADRIANNA PAPELL Stripe Halter Dress
Bold black-and-white stripes call attention to a versatile halter dress in a fun fit-and-flare silhouette. Slip pockets at the skirt add handy touches, perfect for events when you want to leave your handbag behind. Color(s): black/ white. Brand: ADRIANNA PAPELL. Style Name:Adrianna Papell Stripe Halter Dress (Regular & Petite). Style ... Learn More



Close quick view














CASLON® Drop Waist Jersey Dress


      A swingy, calf-skimming dress made from softly slubbed ...
    






CASLON® Drop Waist Jersey Dress
A swingy, calf-skimming dress made from softly slubbed jersey gets an extra dose of free-spirited movement from a dropped waist and gracefully arched hem. Color(s): black, black- white stripe, blue depths, burgundy royale, navy peacoat, olive sarma, orange spice, teal ocean. Brand: CASLON. Style Name:Caslon Drop Waist Jersey Dress (Regular ... Learn More



Close quick view














CASLON® Sleeveless Cotton Blend Knit Drawstring Waist Dress


      An elasticized-drawstring waist provides flattering definition to a ...
    






CASLON® Sleeveless Cotton Blend Knit Drawstring Waist Dress
An elasticized-drawstring waist provides flattering definition to a versatile sleeveless dress cut from a soft cotton-rich knit with a swingy A-line skirt. Color(s): black, heather grey, heather grey- grey stripe, navy- ivory stripe, navy- red stripe, red- navy stripe. Brand: CASLON. Style Name:Caslon Sleeveless Cotton Blend Knit Drawstring Waist Dress ... Learn More



Close quick view














EILEEN FISHER Organic Cotton Tunic Dress


      A chic and easy wedge shape defines this ...
    






EILEEN FISHER Organic Cotton Tunic Dress
A chic and easy wedge shape defines this versatile piece that feels cool and comfortable in the summer heat, thanks to the crinkled organic cotton. The slightly belled sleeves and patch pockets add to the appeal. Color(s): black, boysenberry, papyrus, white. Brand: EILEEN FISHER. Style Name:Eileen Fisher Organic Cotton Tunic ... Learn More



Close quick view














EILEEN FISHER Organic Linen Long A-Line Dress


      Keeping you beautifully cool on the hottest of ...
    






EILEEN FISHER Organic Linen Long A-Line Dress
Keeping you beautifully cool on the hottest of days, a sleeveless dress cut from breathable organic linen features a breeze-catching A-line silhouette. You just might want one in every color. Color(s): black, blue angel, celadon, jewel, pink grapefruit, scarab, serrano, white. Brand: EILEEN FISHER. Style Name:Eileen Fisher Organic Linen Long ... Learn More



Close quick view














EILEEN FISHER Silk A-Line Dress


      An easy A-line shift in soft silk is ...
    






EILEEN FISHER Silk A-Line Dress
An easy A-line shift in soft silk is a perfect choice for warmer weather, while cutaway shoulders and a jewel neck draw the eye to your lovely face. Color(s): black, boysenberry, jewel, papyrus. Brand: EILEEN FISHER. Style Name:Eileen Fisher Silk A-Line Dress (Regular & Petite). Style Number: 5348029. Available in ... Learn More



Close quick view














ELLEN TRACY Gingham Twill Fit & Flare Dress


      Channel the '50s in this gingham-check midi dress ...
    






ELLEN TRACY Gingham Twill Fit & Flare Dress
Channel the '50s in this gingham-check midi dress complete with a bright blue skinny belt at the waist for an enhanced silhouette. Color(s): black white. Brand: ELLEN TRACY. Style Name:Ellen Tracy Gingham Twill Fit & Flare Dress (Regular & Petite). Style Number: 5129806. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view









Related Searches


womens lush cross blouses


petite womens sheath dresses


womens crepe tank dress


womens adrianna papell gowns


petite lace sheath dress


low cut dress



















Pants for Women: White, Black, Wool, Twill & More | Nordstrom
















Skip navigation100% charged: Pop-In@Nordstrom Gets Wired. Power up.SearchSign InMain content

HomeWomenPants & LeggingsShowCategoryShowLeg StyleShowMaterialShowRiseShowSizeShowColorShowPriceShowBrandShowCategoryShowLeg StyleShowMaterialShowRiseShowSizeShowColorShowPriceShowBrandWomen's Pants & LeggingsWomen's ClothingAnniversary SaleZella Live In High Waist LeggingsSale: $35.90After Sale: $54.006174.6 out of 5 stars (617)2 colorsAnniversary SaleZella 'Hatha' High Waist Crop LeggingsSale: $33.90 – $36.90After Sale: $52.00 – $56.002984.6 out of 5 stars (298)2 colorsAnniversary SaleZella Autumn High Waist Moto Ankle LeggingsSale: $49.90After Sale: $75.002 colorsAnniversary SaleZella 'Keep it Cool' Crop LeggingsSale: $31.90After Sale: $48.001274.1 out of 5 stars (127)2 colorsAnniversary SaleSPANX® Faux Leather LeggingsSale: $64.90After Sale: $98.002064.5 out of 5 stars (206)Anniversary SaleZella Cece High Waist Open Knee LeggingsSale: $42.90After Sale: $65.002 colorsAnniversary SaleNordstrom Lingerie 'Lazy Mornings' Lounge PantsSale: $25.90After Sale: $39.00744.3 out of 5 stars (74)Anniversary SaleZella Live-In High Waist Leggings (Online Only)Sale: $45.90After Sale: $69.00774.7 out of 5 stars (77)2 colorsAnniversary SaleZella Live In Slim Fit LeggingsSale: $33.90 – $38.90After Sale: $52.00 – $59.0037944.7 out of 5 stars (3794)2 colorsAnniversary SaleAlo Elevate LeggingsSale: $69.90After Sale: $108.00153.6 out of 5 stars (15)Anniversary SaleVince Camuto Textured Skinny Ankle Pants (Regular & Petite)Sale: $58.90After Sale: $89.0083.8 out of 5 stars (8)



Related Products








CLIMAWEAR 'Catch a Glimpse' Cutout Crop Leggings


      Seamless jacquard-knit leggings are designed for performance in ...
    






CLIMAWEAR 'Catch a Glimpse' Cutout Crop Leggings
Seamless jacquard-knit leggings are designed for performance in four-way-stretch, moisture-wicking fabric that keeps you cool and comfortable. Perforations tracing the back of the legs vent excess heat where you need it most, and a snug mid-rise waist with light tummy control flatters your figure. Color(s): black/ slate. Brand: CLIMAWEAR. Style ... Learn More



Close quick view














HPE Oak X Python Print Leggings


      Hit the gym ready for intense training in ...
    






HPE Oak X Python Print Leggings
Hit the gym ready for intense training in this pair of four-way-stretch leggings made with a wide waistband and contoured seams for total comfort and support. FRESHFIT performance fabric prevents bacteria from building up, while an internal pocket is perfect for storing essentials during exercise. Color(s): indigo. Brand: HPE. Style ... Learn More



Close quick view














JUNYA WATANABE Patchwork Leggings


      Pre-order this style from the Spring 2017 collection! ...
    






JUNYA WATANABE Patchwork Leggings
Pre-order this style from the Spring 2017 collection! Limited quantities. Ships as soon as available. You'll be charged only when your item ships.An eclectic patchwork of mixed-stitch knits adds grunge-chic style to these soft, stretchy leggings. Color(s): black. Brand: Junya Watanabe. Style Name:Junya Watanabe Patchwork Leggings. Style Number: 5352520. Available ... Learn More



Close quick view














KAREN KANE Vintage Wash Stretch Denim Leggings


      The lean look of skinny jeans combines with ...
    






KAREN KANE Vintage Wash Stretch Denim Leggings
The lean look of skinny jeans combines with the stretchy comfort and smooth, sleek fit of pull-on leggings. The rich indigo wash is aged with perfectly placed fading and whiskering. Color(s): blue. Brand: KAREN KANE. Style Name:Karen Kane Vintage Wash Stretch Denim Leggings (Blue). Style Number: 1146348. Available in stores. ... Learn More



Close quick view














LIVERPOOL JEANS COMPANY Sienna Mid Rise Soft Stretch


      A sleek and smooth-fitting alternative to traditional jeans, ...
    






LIVERPOOL JEANS COMPANY Sienna Mid Rise Soft Stretch
A sleek and smooth-fitting alternative to traditional jeans, stretchy denim leggings offer flexible comfort in a choice of washes Color(s): indigo rinse. Brand: Liverpool Jeans Co. Style Name:Liverpool Jeans Company Sienna Mid Rise Soft Stretch Denim Leggings (Indigo). Style Number: 5221670_2. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view














LOLA GETTS Colorblock Cropped Leggings


      These cropped leggings in a flattering fit will ...
    






LOLA GETTS Colorblock Cropped Leggings
These cropped leggings in a flattering fit will hug your body for every activity in and out of the gym. Plus, with four-way-stretch fabric that won't shrink, fade or wrinkle, this comfortable activewear will be great to wear for seasons to come. Color(s): black/ charcoal, charcoal/ black, royal/ black. Brand: ... Learn More



Close quick view














LOLA GETTS Crop Leggings


      These cropped leggings perfectly hug your body for ...
    






LOLA GETTS Crop Leggings
These cropped leggings perfectly hug your body for every activity in and out of the gym. Plus, with four-way-stretch fabric that doesn't shrink, fade or wrinkle, you'll be wearing this comfortable activewear for seasons to come. Color(s): black, royal. Brand: LOLA GETTS. Style Name:Lola Getts Crop Leggings. Style Number: 5417499. ... Learn More



Close quick view














MATERNAL AMERICA 'Belly Support' Ikat Print Maternity Leggings


      Ikat-printed leggings are perfect for the cool mom. A ...
    






MATERNAL AMERICA 'Belly Support' Ikat Print Maternity Leggings
Ikat-printed leggings are perfect for the cool mom. A taut, double-layered elastic panel supports the belly during early pregnancy and helps to tuck the tummy after baby has arrived. Color(s): ikat print. Brand: Maternal America. Style Name:Maternal America 'Belly Support' Ikat Print Maternity Leggings. Style Number: 5049295. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view









Related Searches


white twill skinny pants


womens black crop leggings


womens zella leggings


zella crop leggings


womens high waist leggings


olive color pants



















Women's Shoes | Nordstrom
















Skip navigationGive the card that gives! We donate 1% of all Gift Card sales to local nonprofits. Shop Gift Cards.SearchSign InMain content

HomeWomenShoesAll Women's ShoesShowCategoryShowHeel HeightShowSizeShowWidthShowColorShowPriceShowBrandShowCategoryShowHeel HeightShowSizeShowWidthShowColorShowPriceShowBrandWomen's Shoes3 colorsAnniversary SaleVince Camuto Prasata Bootie (Women)Sale: $99.90After Sale: $149.952 colorsAnniversary SaleNike Free Focus Flyknit 2 Training Shoe (Women)Sale: $89.90After Sale: $120.003 colorsAnniversary SaleBP. Milo Loafer Mule (Women)Sale: $52.90After Sale: $79.956 colorsAnniversary SaleVince Corbin Slip-On Sneaker (Women)Sale: $129.90After Sale: $195.004 colorsAnniversary SaleUGG® Daley Tall Boot (Women)Sale: $164.90After Sale: $249.953 colorsAnniversary SaleFrye Melissa Seam Boot (Women)Sale: $246.90After Sale: $397.9574.1 out of 5 stars (7)4 colorsAnniversary SaleAquatalia Franca Weatherproof Bootie (Women)Sale: $259.90After Sale: $395.002 colorsAnniversary SaleLouise et Cie Vincenzo Bootie (Women)Sale: $124.90After Sale: $189.952 colorsAnniversary SaleUGG® Wrin Rib-Knit & Genuine Shearling Slipper (Women)Sale: $79.90After Sale: $119.95Anniversary SaleHinge Barris Block Heel Bootie (Women)Sale: $79.90After Sale: $119.952 colorsAnniversary SaleTory Burch Claire Ballerina Flat (Women)Sale: $164.90After Sale: $258.00 – $268.003 colorsAnniversary SaleVince Camuto Fileana Split Shaft Bootie (Women)Sale: $99.90After Sale: $149.953 colorsAnniversary SaleVince Camuto Karinta Block Heel Bootie (Women)Sale: $99.90After Sale: $149.95594.5 out of 5 stars (59)



Related Products








BADGLEY MISCHKA 'Roxy' Sandal


      You won't lack razzle-dazzle in this show-stealing sandal ...
    






BADGLEY MISCHKA 'Roxy' Sandal
You won't lack razzle-dazzle in this show-stealing sandal fashioned with a radiating array of light-catching crystals and a subtly scalloped topline. Color(s): black satin, ivory satin, midnight satin, nude, white. Brand: BADGLEY MISCHKA. Style Name:Badgley Mischka 'Roxy' Sandal (Women). Style Number: 1156762. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view














BP. Alexy Sandal


      Perfect for a glamorous evening event or night ...
    






BP. Alexy Sandal
Perfect for a glamorous evening event or night on the town, this strappy sandal is lofted by a slim stiletto heel. Color(s): black suede, blush suede, magenta suede, pewter mirror faux leather, red suede, rose metallic faux leather. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp. Alexy Sandal (Women). Style Number: 5296228. Available in ... Learn More



Close quick view














BP. 'Luminate' Open Toe Dress Sandal


      A sleek ankle strap tops a lustrous dress ...
    






BP. 'Luminate' Open Toe Dress Sandal
A sleek ankle strap tops a lustrous dress sandal with a minimalist, modern design. Color(s): black chunky glitter, black glitter fab, black patent, black suede, black velvet, blue white multi snake print, blush faux leather, blush patent, burgundy suede, camel suede, cobalt suede, denim fabric, dnu-matte natural black fabric, floral, ... Learn More



Close quick view














EILEEN FISHER Ely Sandal


      Keep it simple and chic in a lace-up ...
    






EILEEN FISHER Ely Sandal
Keep it simple and chic in a lace-up sandal designed with a well-padded toe, arch and heel for superior comfort. Color(s): black leather, bone leather, dune leather, graphite leather, mocha leather, plum suede, pyrite leather. Brand: EILEEN FISHER. Style Name:Eileen Fisher Ely Sandal (Women). Style Number: 5324726. Available in stores. ... Learn More



Close quick view














IMAGINE BY VINCE CAMUTO 'Pascal 2' Strappy Evening


      Shimmering leather straps cross the toe and crisscross ...
    






IMAGINE BY VINCE CAMUTO 'Pascal 2' Strappy Evening
Shimmering leather straps cross the toe and crisscross dramatically at the instep of this must-have evening sandal that's made for dancing. The setback heel balances atop a gleaming round stiletto. Color(s): anthracite leather, copper leather, platinum leather, soft gold leather. Brand: IMAGINE VINCE CAMUTO. Style Name:Imagine By Vince Camuto 'Pascal ... Learn More



Close quick view














JESSICA SIMPSON Mitta Sandal


      Ghillie-style lacing ladders up the front of this ...
    






JESSICA SIMPSON Mitta Sandal
Ghillie-style lacing ladders up the front of this corset-inspired suede bootie that features a back zipper and a wrapped setback stiletto. Color(s): black suede, buff leather, sunset pink suede. Brand: JESSICA SIMPSON. Style Name:Jessica Simpson Mitta Sandal (Women). Style Number: 5314263. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view














JESSICA SIMPSON Sherron Sandal


      Shimmer and sparkle with every step in this ...
    






JESSICA SIMPSON Sherron Sandal
Shimmer and sparkle with every step in this eye-catching ankle-strap sandal lofted by a chunky heel. Color(s): alloy, black, black multi, blue multi, buff, champagne multi, clear/ buff, honey brown, metallic mul, penny. Brand: JESSICA SIMPSON. Style Name:Jessica Simpson Sherron Sandal (Women). Style Number: 5370371. Available in stores. Learn More



Close quick view














NATURALIZER Felicity Sandal


      A stacked block heel grounds an easy-chic ghillie ...
    






NATURALIZER Felicity Sandal
A stacked block heel grounds an easy-chic ghillie sandal built for serious comfort. Naturalizer's signature N5 Contour technology includes a contoured footbed with arch and heel support, dual-density cushioning, flexibility that lets the shoe move naturally with your foot and a quick-drying, breathable lining that keeps your foot feeling cool ... Learn More



Close quick view









Related Searches


womens ankle strap sandals


ankle strap sandals


vince camuto perforated booties


sam edelman sandals


womens steve madden sandals


crisscross straps sandal
















 



Glazed  Diced Citron - By the Pound - Nuts.com
























Shop

Order online or call 800-558-6887




Search






Your Cart




Need help?




Sign in to your account










Edit Cart

Check Out

Or continue shopping













Looking for
Almonds,
            Cashews,
            Walnuts or
Organic?
          











              Free Shipping over $59!*
            

Learn More








            * For destinations within the contiguous US, orders totaling $59 or more (before tax) ship free and orders below $59 ship for $5.99. For other destinations, shipping is calculated at checkout. 3-5 day free shipping can be upgraded for faster delivery. Multiple shipping addresses count separately.
          











Organic
Raw
Gluten-free
Dark Chocolate
Candy by Color
Healthy Snacks
Wholesale
Office Snacks
New Products
Top Sellers






Home
Dried Fruit
Glazed Fruit
Glazed Diced Citron





Glazed Diced Citron











Pin It5




Share10




Tweet




+12






Kosher






This will be used for multiple batches of "Grandma Sommerman's citron-almond bread."  She used to make it at Christmas but we make it 3-4 times a year (in 5 loaf batches) freeze the extra and have it toasted for breakfast.  If you have anyone compiling recipes, I'd be glad to share it if you send me an email address.  I am so happy to have found you, because other than November-December, citron is almost impossible to find and I never  manage to buy enough.  Thank you!
Gloria Puester
Gloria, Aurora, CO
May 2, 2017





4.9 out of 5 stars
              

174 customer reviews »







Our glazed diced citron is a must-have for fruitcakes. It also lends a sweet flavor and elegant look to cookies and other desserts. Glazed citron has an exceptional citrus flavor with a delectable sweetness. Make it a staple in your kitchen around the holidays or anytime of year.
















$6.99
1lb container $6.99/lb











$119.70
30lb case $3.99/lb
(not individually packaged)









                  Quantity:
Show bulk discounts


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
more...



Total:
$


Add To Cart













Our Customers Thought




love it
ROSE, HIGHLAND BCH, FL
May 11, 2017





The best, I make an Italian eat grain pie which calls for citron and your citron is perfect, moist, flavorful.  I love it.  Thank you
Donna, Cortlandt Manor, NY
April 12, 2017





Best ever service and products.
Eddie, Terrebonne, OR
March 30, 2017





Yum. Getting ready to make hot cross buns. My favorite recipe calls for diced citron. This will be so much nicer than the grocery store citron.
PJ, Richland, MI
February 27, 2017





Looks great, I'll tell you how things turn out!
Patricia, Clintonville, WI
January 19, 2017





Wow, I can't say enough good things about this company.  The site was super easy to order from and the product was delivered a day before it was supposed to.   The dried fruit was packaged nicely and was super fresh.  My mother says she never knew citrons could be so fresh.  We will certainly use them again and tell all our friends.   It was a pleasure to work with Nuts.com.
Thanks, 
Sandra
Sandra, Alpine, TN
January 12, 2017





This is the one I was looking for here in the USA and finally I found it. Will surely reorder it.
Grace, La Mesa, CA
January 6, 2017





Cannot bake without it. Would have to travel to Brooklyn to get it in a decent amount.
Charles, Seaside Park, NJ
December 25, 2016





So relieved to find citron for my stollen! Lovely!
Janet, Menlo Park, CA
December 13, 2016




Read all 174 reviews






Have you also tried?








                        Glazed Orange Peel (Diced)
                      
$6.99/lb









                        Glazed Red Cherries
                      
$6.99/lb









                        Glazed Lemon Peel (Diced)
                      
$6.99/lb









                        Glazed Mixed Peel
                      
$6.99/lb









Also found in Baking








Have you tried?






Recently Viewed




Ingredients
Citron, corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, water, citric acid.  Preserved with potassium sorbate, sodium benzoate, and sulfur dioxide. Packaged in the same facility as peanuts, tree nuts, wheat, soy, and milk products.



Nutrition Facts

          Serving size 100g (~3.5 oz.)
        


 Amount per serving 


Calories
310


Calories from Fat






%DV



Total Fat
0g
0%


Saturated Fat
0g
0%


Cholesterol
0mg
0%


Sodium
110mg
5%


Total Carbohydrate
78g
28%


Dietary Fiber
3g
12%


Sugars
34g





Vitamin A
0%


Vitamin C
0%


Calcium
2%


Iron
0%




Storage
Store in a cool dry place for up to 1 year. Refrigeration is not needed.


Found In

Baking (543)
          





Add to favorites

My Favorites ()




          ID: 1003
        



            Country of origin: Netherlands
          













About us
Contact us
Your account
Quick shop
Shipping
Testimonials
Wholesale
Media
Help
Careers
Privacy policy
Sitemap

















 



Nuts.com






















Shop

Order online or call 800-558-6887




Search






Your Cart




Need help?




Sign in to your account










Edit Cart

Check Out

Or continue shopping













Looking for
Almonds,
            Cashews,
            Walnuts or
Organic?
          











              Free Shipping over $59!*
            

Learn More








            * For destinations within the contiguous US, orders totaling $59 or more (before tax) ship free and orders below $59 ship for $5.99. For other destinations, shipping is calculated at checkout. 3-5 day free shipping can be upgraded for faster delivery. Multiple shipping addresses count separately.
          











Organic
Raw
Gluten-free
Dark Chocolate
Candy by Color
Healthy Snacks
Wholesale
Office Snacks
New Products
Top Sellers








Search















Sort by:   





















































About us
Contact us
Your account
Quick shop
Shipping
Testimonials
Wholesale
Media
Help
Careers
Privacy policy
Sitemap


















 



Dried Fruit & Healthy Snacks | Nuts.com, formerly NutsOnline























Shop

Order online or call 800-558-6887




Search






Your Cart




Need help?




Sign in to your account










Edit Cart

Check Out

Or continue shopping













Looking for
Almonds,
            Cashews,
            Walnuts or
Organic?
          











              Free Shipping over $59!*
            

Learn More








            * For destinations within the contiguous US, orders totaling $59 or more (before tax) ship free and orders below $59 ship for $5.99. For other destinations, shipping is calculated at checkout. 3-5 day free shipping can be upgraded for faster delivery. Multiple shipping addresses count separately.
          











Organic
Raw
Gluten-free
Dark Chocolate
Candy by Color
Healthy Snacks
Wholesale
Office Snacks
New Products
Top Sellers






Home
Dried Fruit



Dried Fruit







Acai
3 items







Apples
16 items







Apricots
18 items







Bananas
14 items







Baobab
7 items







Berry Mix
1 item







Bilberries
1 item







Blackberries
3 items







Blueberries
15 items







Boysenberries
2 items







Camu Camu Powder
1 item







Cantaloupe
4 items







Cherries
17 items







Chokeberries
1 item







Coconut
18 items







Cranberries
9 items







Crystallized Ginger
7 items







Dates
15 items







Elderberries
2 items







Figs
13 items







Freeze Dried Fruit
21 items







Fruit Chips
1 item







Fruit Leather
18 items







Glazed Fruit
12 items







Goji Berries
9 items







Gooseberries
5 items







Guava
2 items







Jackfruit
1 item







Kiwi
3 items







Lemons
6 items







Lucuma
1 item







Mango
13 items







Mangosteen Powder
1 item







Maqui Berries
1 item







Mixed Fruit
9 items







Mulberries
5 items







Nectarines
3 items







Noni
2 items







Oranges
9 items







Organic Red Dragon Fruit
1 item







Organic Yacon Slices
1 item







Organic Yumberry Powder
1 item







Papaya
7 items







Peaches
10 items







Pears
4 items







Persimmons
2 items







Pineapple
13 items







Plums (Prunes)
7 items







Pluots
1 item







Pomegranates
7 items







Quince
1 item







Raisins
36 items







Raspberries
13 items







Star Fruit
1 item







Strawberries
19 items







Sun Dried Tomatoes
7 items







Sun-Dried Peppers
1 item







Tamarind
3 items







Chocolates & Sweets
42 items







Fruit Powders
22 items







Top sellers





              Royal Raisins
            
$5.99/lb







              Organic Dried Mango
            
$12.99/lb







              Dried Apricots
            
$8.99/lb







              Turkish Figs
            
$6.99/lb



More top sellers »



Sign up for our newsletter


Receive limited, email-only offers.





First name (we like to say hi!):

(We hate junk mail and spam just like you and will never give your email address to anyone. You can unsubscribe at any time.)









This is the only company I've found that has whole dried bannanas. The quality and value of all the products are second to none. I enjoy everything that I have received and will be a lifetime customer.  Thanks Nuts.Com !
Mitchell, Loveland, Co
May 8, 2015



7,879 more related reviews





About our Dried Fruits
Hopefully by now you realize that Nuts.com is “More than Just Nuts,” and also includes a wide assortment of dried fruits and then some. These specialty food products are perfect for snacks, as well as ingredients for gourmet cooking and baking.
From dried  banana chips
to  dried cherries
to  crystallized ginger
and other exotic flavors, our dried fruit selection is tantalizing. And the best part about it is that you can eat dried fruits year round, as they are always "in season."
Whether it be savoring our succulent  medjool dates , snacking on our  dried blueberries
or  dried cranberries , cooking or baking with our  sun dried tomatoes , we are certain you will love the quality of our dried fruits.  And don't forget to try goji berries for a dose of antioxidants, or prunes, dried apricots, and organic coconut for fiber.
We love our dried fruit here at Nuts.com, and we are constantly sampling from different growers in search of the most tantalizing and delicious assortment to add to our selection of dried fruits. (Well, that's our excuse anyway!) Be sure to read some of our testimonials to see what our customers have to say.
Check out our related recipes for dried fruits.











About us
Contact us
Your account
Quick shop
Shipping
Testimonials
Wholesale
Media
Help
Careers
Privacy policy
Sitemap














 



Cooking Foods & Baking Foods | Nuts.com, formerly NutsOnline























Shop

Order online or call 800-558-6887




Search






Your Cart




Need help?




Sign in to your account










Edit Cart

Check Out

Or continue shopping













Looking for
Almonds,
            Cashews,
            Walnuts or
Organic?
          











              Free Shipping over $59!*
            

Learn More








            * For destinations within the contiguous US, orders totaling $59 or more (before tax) ship free and orders below $59 ship for $5.99. For other destinations, shipping is calculated at checkout. 3-5 day free shipping can be upgraded for faster delivery. Multiple shipping addresses count separately.
          











Organic
Raw
Gluten-free
Dark Chocolate
Candy by Color
Healthy Snacks
Wholesale
Office Snacks
New Products
Top Sellers






Home
Cooking & Baking



Cooking & Baking
Stock up!  Shop the Nuts.com pantry for your everyday essentials and for special occasions.  We have tasted thousands of products from all over the world and we selected only the best items for our customers.  We have a wide selection of natural and clean label products.







Grains
120 items







Flours
68 items







Gluten-Free Flours
39 items







Beans, Peas and Lentils
53 items







Powders
110 items







Pasta & Noodles
68 items







Rice
37 items







Condiments, Sauces and Marinades
120 items







Herbs & Spices
104 items







Seeds
69 items







Salts
15 items







Jams, Jellies & Nut Butters
68 items







Asian
37 items







Italian
26 items







Indian
58 items







Mexican
20 items







Oil, Fats, Ghee & Vinegars
26 items







Honey, Syrup & Sweetners
39 items







Canned Goods
13 items







Cheeses & Cured Meats
16 items







Baking Mixes
23 items







Cocoa Powders & Baking Chocolate
22 items







Decorations & Toppings
72 items







Dried Fruit
80 items







Extracts and Flavorings
2 items







Fillings
11 items







American Almond
13 items







Leaveners & Thickeners
18 items







Pancake & Waffle Mixes
6 items







Molecular Gastronomy
7 items







Breakfast
19 items







Mushrooms & Truffles
16 items







Pickles, Peppers & Olives
18 items







Soups & Chili
15 items







Veggies
14 items







Nuts
68 items







Bread Crumbs, Stuffing & Croutons
4 items







Chia Seeds
15 items







Tapioca
7 items







Salad Toppings
45 items







Emergency Food
15 items







Top sellers





              Organic Trail Mix
            
$8.99/lb







              Whey Protein Powder
            
$8.99/lb







              Royal Raisins
            
$5.99/lb







              Raw Almonds (No Shell)
            
$9.99/lb



More top sellers »



Sign up for our newsletter


Receive limited, email-only offers.





First name (we like to say hi!):

(We hate junk mail and spam just like you and will never give your email address to anyone. You can unsubscribe at any time.)









The Hibiscus Flowers are very delicious in my tea ;)  I purchased these since I heard of the blood-pressure lowering affects of hibiscus tea.....giving it a whirl!
Adam, Cocoa, FL
September 9, 2015



13,844 more related reviews
















About us
Contact us
Your account
Quick shop
Shipping
Testimonials
Wholesale
Media
Help
Careers
Privacy policy
Sitemap














 



Nuts at Nuts.com | NutsOnline | Bulk Nuts, Almonds, Walnuts, Peanuts & More!























Shop

Order online or call 800-558-6887




Search






Your Cart




Need help?




Sign in to your account










Edit Cart

Check Out

Or continue shopping













Looking for
Almonds,
            Cashews,
            Walnuts or
Organic?
          











              Free Shipping over $59!*
            

Learn More








            * For destinations within the contiguous US, orders totaling $59 or more (before tax) ship free and orders below $59 ship for $5.99. For other destinations, shipping is calculated at checkout. 3-5 day free shipping can be upgraded for faster delivery. Multiple shipping addresses count separately.
          











Organic
Raw
Gluten-free
Dark Chocolate
Candy by Color
Healthy Snacks
Wholesale
Office Snacks
New Products
Top Sellers






Home
Nuts



Nuts







Almonds
128 items







Brazil Nuts
10 items







Cacao
20 items







Cashews
39 items







Chestnuts
3 items







Coconut
14 items







Hazelnuts (Filberts)
19 items







Macadamia Nuts
13 items







Mixed Nuts
12 items







Peanuts
71 items







Pecans
28 items







Pili Nuts
1 item







Pine Nuts
5 items







Pistachios
40 items







Soy Nuts
14 items







Sunflower Seeds
28 items







Tiger Nuts
4 items







Walnuts
25 items







No Mess Nut Cracker
1 item







Chocolates & Sweets
134 items







Raw Nuts
101 items







Nut Powders
12 items







Nuts in Shell
50 items







Organic Nuts
65 items







Roasted Nuts
183 items







Salted Nuts
59 items







Seasoned Nuts
23 items







Unsalted Nuts
50 items







Pinon Nuts (Indian Nuts)
1 item







Nut Butters & Oils
17 items







Bulk Nuts
391 items







Black Walnuts
3 items







Top sellers





              Organic Trail Mix
            
$8.99/lb







              Roasted Cashews (Salted)
            
$12.99/lb







              English Walnuts (In Shell)
            
$4.99/lb







              Roasted Pistachios (Salted, In Shell)
            
$11.99/lb



More top sellers »



Sign up for our newsletter


Receive limited, email-only offers.





First name (we like to say hi!):

(We hate junk mail and spam just like you and will never give your email address to anyone. You can unsubscribe at any time.)









Everything arrived quickly. We really loved the buffalo cashews! My mother and I couldn't get enough of the sweet and savory taste, we mixed them with the ranch cashews! Delicious!
Lakenza, Chicago, IL
June 13, 2015



13,396 more related reviews





Our Nuts.com family loves all varieties of nuts and values the distinct tastes, flavors, textures, and aromas of each type of nut.  We believe that when you buy nuts, they should always be fresh and of superior quality so that you can enjoy them to the fullest.
Types of Nuts
As you can imagine, we keep our nut department well-stocked with every kind of nut.  You can even buy bulk nuts by the case at wholesale prices.  All nuts are a good source of nutrients, and depending on your preference, you can toss them over salads, use them in recipes, or just snack on them straight out of the bag.
Grab a handful of almonds to munch on between meals or toss them over a salad for a boost of protein, healthy fats, and antioxidants.  Or try almond flour to make some scrumptious baked goodies. Pound for pound, almonds are the most nutrient dense of all tree nuts.
We always catch my dad snacking on cashews.  Fortunately, the good news here is that cashews are loaded with fiber and protein.  And keep in mind that peanuts are not just meant for the ball games.  They pack seven grams of protein per serving, and are a good source of antioxidants and B-complex vitamins, so feel free to enjoy them anytime!
Brazil nuts are unique with their high selenium content, whose antioxidant properties protect against heart disease, cancer, and aging.  If you've never tried these, it's not too late, as we sell brazil nuts in the shell and raw or roasted out of the shell.  I love munching on pistachios, and amazingly, pistachio nuts are packed with fiber.
My favorite way of eating pecans is in pecan pie.  Maybe the pie isn't all that healthy, but pecans sure are, and can even help lower your cholesterol.  And don't forget chocolate pecans for an instant dessert and a healthy dose of antioxidants from their sweet coating!  Don't have a sweet tooth?  Throw an ounce of pine nuts into your salad or pesto, and enjoy a crunchy 9% of your daily fiber intake!
Walnuts have some special properties as well, with a high concentration of omega-3 fatty acids.  Treat your taste buds to intensely-flavored black walnuts or sweet candied walnuts.  To find out more detailed information on the delicious and healthy nut products we sell, be sure to click on the links above and explore.  And, if you really can't choose just one favorite nut, you can have it all with our mixed nuts!
Health Benefits of Nuts
Remarkably, nuts not only taste great, but they’re loaded with protein, fiber, essential fats, antioxidants and minerals, which also makes them great for you.  It seems like every day more and more studies continue to be released extolling the health benefits of eating nuts as a fundamental part of your diet.  The FDA has backed this up, claiming that eating additional servings of certain nuts may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease.  Wow! Now that’s something to write home about.  It turns out that just a handful of nuts a day keeps the doctor away.  A 30-year Harvard study tracking 119,000 men and women found that those who ate nuts nearly every day lowered their mortality risk by 20% compared to those who never ate nuts.  Researchers suggest that nuts may promote longevity because they’re packed with healthy fat, protein, vitamins and antioxidants.
If you’re watching your waistline, snacking on nuts is a smart choice.  Some people mistakenly think the high fat content in nuts can make you gain weight, but they’re actually a slimming snack.  A 2007 Mediterranean study found that frequent nut consumption was associated with a reduced risk of weight gain.  Nuts fill you up so you’ll be less likely to reach for unhealthy foods.
Enjoy More Nuts
Looking for new ways to add more nuts to your diet?  Jump-start your mornings by adding nuts to your breakfast of oatmeal, cereal, or yogurt.  Before you head out for the day, mix up your own custom trail mix with equal parts nuts, seeds, and dried fruit.  Or toss a handful of nuts over salads for a protein punch and delicious nutty crunch.  Try our seasoned nuts for an extra boost of flavor in your snacking regimen.
For an energizing pick-me-up or post-workout snack, we love having nut butters over toast, bagels, or even just a slice of fruit.  Chopped nuts are a nutritious addition to baked goods like breads, muffins, brownies, and scones.  You can even mix them in a batch of homemade granola bars for snacking on the go.  If you have a sweet tooth, you can’t go wrong with a cookie jar classic like white chocolate macadamia nut cookies.  For a decadent treat, try chocolate dipped strawberries rolled in assorted chopped nuts.  Getting your daily dose of nuts is much easier than you think!











About us
Contact us
Your account
Quick shop
Shipping
Testimonials
Wholesale
Media
Help
Careers
Privacy policy
Sitemap



























Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















