




   David Clancey | Edgewater Technology Inc | ZoomInfo.com




David Clancey | Whitepages














































 




Person



Reverse Phone
Phone



Reverse Address
Address



Business








Name




Location


Search
Cancel




e.g. Jon Snow




City, State or ZIP













Number


Search
Cancel






e.g. 206-867-5309










Street Address




Location


Search
Cancel




e.g. 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW




City, State or ZIP










Business Name




Location


Search
Cancel
 


e.g. TGI Fridays



City, State or ZIP









SIGN IN
 

David Clancey


















      Filter by Age
    



        All Ages
      

      Apply
    







      Filter by State
    






Idaho
              
1-10
1-10



 




Massachusetts
              
1-10
1-10



 




New York
              
1-10
1-10



 




Tennessee
              
1-10
1-10



 
















            7 results for David Clancey


            7 results found
          


Filter






 




Show more premium results
Hide Premium Results







David D Clancey






Lives in 

Dundee NY




View Free Details






David A Clancey






Lives in 

Coeur D Alene ID




View Free Details






David E Clancey





Age 
55-59



Lives in 

Worcester MA




Used to live in 
Worcester MA, Auburn MA


Related to 
William C Clancey, Matthew A Clancey


View Free Details






David D Clancey





Age 
65+



Lives in 

Mililani HI




Used to live in 
Playa Vista CA, Mililani HI, Mansfield TX, El Segundo CA, Wahiawa HI, Irving TX


View Free Details






David R Clancey





Age 
60-64



Lives in 

Wakefield MA




Used to live in 
Fairfield CT, Newburyport MA, Wilmington MA


View Free Details






David L Clancey





Age 
60-64



Lives in 

Salisbury MA




View Free Details






David D Clancey





Age 
30-34



Lives in 

Dundee NY




View Free Details






Dave A Clancey





Age 
40-44



Lives in 

Hayden ID




Used to live in 
Hayden ID, Coeur D Alene ID, Lafayette CA


Related to 
Maryanne L Clancey, Colleen K Clancey


View Free Details





 


 


 


 







 




















 
  





                        Twitter
                      
 



                        Facebook
                      
 



                        Google+
                      
 



                        LinkedIn
                      
 











Company



          Home
 


          About Us
 


          Careers
 


          Blog
 



Find



                    People Search
 


                    Phone Search
 


                    Address Search
 


                    Business Search
 





Your Whitepages



                  Help
 


                  Remove From Directory
 


                  Privacy Policy
 


                  Terms of Use
 



More



        Whitepages Pro for Businesses
 


        Whitepages Apps
 


        Phone Scams
 


        Developers
 


          Yellow Pages




              Search by State
 

            City Yellow Pages
          



                    Atlanta
 


                    Boston
 


                    Chicago
 


                    Cleveland
 


                    Dallas
 




                    Denver
 


                    Detroit
 


                    Houston
 


                    Las Vegas
 


                    Los Angeles
 




                    Miami
 


                    Minneapolis
 


                    New York
 


                    Philadelphia
 


                    Phoenix
 




                    San Diego
 


                    San Francisco
 


                    Seattle
 


                    Tampa
 


                    Washington, DC
 





          White Pages




              Search by State
 

            City White Pages
          



                    Atlanta
 


                    Boston
 


                    Chicago
 


                    Cleveland
 


                    Dallas
 




                    Denver
 


                    Detroit
 


                    Houston
 


                    Las Vegas
 


                    Los Angeles
 




                    Miami
 


                    Minneapolis
 


                    New York
 


                    Philadelphia
 


                    Phoenix
 




                    San Diego
 


                    San Francisco
 


                    Seattle
 


                    Tampa
 


                    Washington, DC
 





        411.com
 








            ZIP Codes
 


            Area Codes
 


            Phone Numbers
 

People:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z















© 2017 Whitepages Inc.



           Sitemap
 




Outdated Browser
Update your browser for the best Whitepages experience. View Browser Options
×














 
 






	Clancey - Hardware: Latches, Locks, Hinges, Door Assists, Handles, Knobs, Panel Fasteners, Quick Access Fasteners



















Clancey - Design Distributor
Call 1-800-747-7405

Home
Products
Quality
About Us
Contact Us



Search







Product Categories


Southco Products


Complimentary Products


Gas Springs/Door Assists
Drawer Slides
Hinges
Handles
Knobs
Leveling Mounts
Toggle Clamps/Plungers
Hose Clamps
Panel Fasteners
Hydraulic Hoses and Adapters
Plastic Buckles
Wire Management


Request Sample


Request Pricing





Clancey Design Distributora Southco partner since 1953.
learn more ›



ISO 9001registeredLenexa and Chicago locations
learn more ›




Welcome to Clancey, America’s premier "Design Distributor" of mechanical components.

The Clancey team is filled with people you will enjoy and trust.
Work with Clancey, and you gain full access to our experience and resources.
We become an extension of your team, with a vested stake in your success.


Product Spotlight: Stainless Steel Surface Mount Hinges

 
Southco’s new stainless steel N6 Surface Mount Hinge features an updated design that provides superior durability in corrosive environments. The stainless steel N6 Hinge is available in six sizes and with optional covers, offering maximum design flexibility. Available in 304 or 316 stainless steel materials with passivated or high gloss finishes, the N6 Hinge provides a refined look without sacrificing functionality.
Designed for indoor and outdoor useHigh gloss finish option complements application stylingAvailable in a variety of hinge leaf configurations and sizesEconomical stamped hinges are available in 304 SS and 316 SS
Learn More








Product Spotlight: Electronic Rotary Latch

 
Easy to install and maintain, the Southco R4-EM delivers the convenience of electronic access control with the security of a proven, robust, all-metal rotary latch design in a compact, integrated package.
Easy push-to-close operation and electronic actuation simplify access across a wide variety of applications.An optional micro-switch provides feedback on latch status, and a delayed re-lock version keeps a door unlocked for manual opening/closing cycles.
Learn More











Order A Catalog
Request catalog of the products we have to offer.
Order Now


Clancey’s Application Specialists serve customers throughout the U.S.
Locations


Help Us Serve You Better
Feedback






Home
Feedback
Login
Privacy
Sitemap

© 2017 Clancey Design Distributor. All Rights Reserved







s




Clancy's Products, Calories and Nutritional Information





















Register  |  Sign In





































Search in:



 Foods
								



 Recipes
								



 Meals
								



 Challenges
								



 Exercises
								



 Members
								



 Journals
								



 Groups
								



 Forums
								



 Diets
								



 Tips
								

 











			 
		























My FatSecret



Foods



Recipes


Challenges


Fitness


Diets



Community
















Foods

Brand List

Clancy's














Food database and calorie counter
Brand Type: Food Manufacturer





Clancy's Products, Calories and Nutrition Information







Calorie and Nutrition information for popular products from Clancy's:



Popular Items: Cheese, Chips, Popcorn, Potato Chips, Pretzels, Snacks, Tortilla Chips, more...




Clancy's Cheese:




Cheese Melt

											Per 1 oz - Calories: 80kcal | Fat: 6.00g | Carbs: 3.00g | Protein: 5.00g
											




Cheese Spread

											Per 1 oz - Calories: 80kcal | Fat: 6.00g | Carbs: 2.00g | Protein: 4.00g
											




view more clancy's cheese products


Clancy's Chips:




Baked Potato Crisps Barbecue

											Per 14 crisps - Calories: 120kcal | Fat: 3.00g | Carbs: 22.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




BBQ Potato Chips

											Per 16 chips - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 16.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Big Dipper Corn Chips

											Per 13 chips - Calories: 160kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 16.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Big Dippers Tortilla Chips

											Per 10 pieces - Calories: 140kcal | Fat: 7.00g | Carbs: 18.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Blue Corn Tortilla Chips

											Per 1 oz - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 8.00g | Carbs: 16.00g | Protein: 3.00g
											




view more clancy's chips products


Clancy's Popcorn:




Cranberry Pecan Popcorn

											Per 1 oz - Calories: 110kcal | Fat: 2.00g | Carbs: 23.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Movie Theater Butter Popcorn

											Per 1 cup - Calories: 30kcal | Fat: 11.00g | Carbs: 13.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Popcorn

											Per 1 cup - Calories: 20kcal | Fat: 6.00g | Carbs: 17.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Puffed Corn

											Per 2 1/2 cups - Calories: 170kcal | Fat: 11.00g | Carbs: 16.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Roasted Sweet Corn Popcorn

											Per 3 1/2 cups - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 15.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




view more clancy's popcorn products


Clancy's Potato Chips:




Cheesy Garlic Bread Potato Chips

											Per 12 chips - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 16.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Hot & Spicy Potato Chips

											Per 12 chips - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 16.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Jalapeño Kettle Chips

											Per 12 chips - Calories: 140kcal | Fat: 7.00g | Carbs: 17.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Kettle Chips Original

											Per 15 chips - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 15.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Kettle Chips Peppercorn Ranch

											Per 12 chips - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 15.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




view more clancy's potato chips products


Clancy's Pretzels:




Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter Filled Pretzels

											Per 6 pieces - Calories: 210kcal | Fat: 12.00g | Carbs: 24.00g | Protein: 4.00g
											




Honey Wheat Pretzels

											Per 7 pretzels - Calories: 110kcal | Fat: 1.50g | Carbs: 23.00g | Protein: 3.00g
											




Peanut Butter Filled Pretzels

											Per 11 pretzels - Calories: 150kcal | Fat: 8.00g | Carbs: 14.00g | Protein: 5.00g
											




Pretzel Minis

											Per 17 pieces - Calories: 110kcal | Fat: 1.50g | Carbs: 23.00g | Protein: 3.00g
											




Pretzel Rods

											Per 3 rods - Calories: 110kcal | Fat: 1.00g | Carbs: 22.00g | Protein: 3.00g
											




view more clancy's pretzels products


Clancy's Snacks:




Baked Potato Crisps

											Per 16 crisps - Calories: 110kcal | Fat: 1.50g | Carbs: 23.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Cassava Pops

											Per 16 chips - Calories: 110kcal | Fat: 2.50g | Carbs: 22.00g | Protein: 0.00g
											




Cheddar Cheese Popcorn

											Per 1/2 oz - Calories: 80kcal | Fat: 6.00g | Carbs: 7.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Cheddar Cheese Popcorn (Bag)

											Per 1 snack bag - Calories: 70kcal | Fat: 4.00g | Carbs: 8.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Cheddar Flavor Party Mix

											Per 2/3 cup - Calories: 130kcal | Fat: 4.00g | Carbs: 21.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




view more clancy's snacks products


Clancy's Tortilla Chips:




Fiesta Tortilla Chips

											Per 10 chips - Calories: 140kcal | Fat: 7.00g | Carbs: 15.00g | Protein: 1.00g
											




Nacho Cheese Tortilla Chips

											Per 11 chips - Calories: 140kcal | Fat: 8.00g | Carbs: 18.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Ranch Tortilla Chips

											Per 11 chips - Calories: 160kcal | Fat: 7.00g | Carbs: 21.00g | Protein: 3.00g
											




Spicy Salsa Tortilla Chips

											Per 11 chips - Calories: 140kcal | Fat: 9.00g | Carbs: 15.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




Tortilla Chips Guacamole Flavored

											Per 12 chips - Calories: 140kcal | Fat: 8.00g | Carbs: 14.00g | Protein: 2.00g
											




view more clancy's tortilla chips products




							More popular types of Clancy's products:




Corn Chips




Dips




Focaccia




Onion Rings






Pickles




Potato Skins




Spreads









Find  Clancy's Products:




 
 Search
 




view all clancy's products









Food Search










































Other Popular Food Brands
A Athenos, Aidells, Aunt Millie's, A Taste of Thai, A&W B Bunny Bread, Bear Naked, Bertolli, Body Fortress, Balance Bar C Cedar's, Cache Valley, Crunch Pak, Crystal Light, Contadina D Doritos, Dove, Dietz & Watson, Dare, Delissio E Entenmann's, EarthGrains, Equal, Egg Beaters, Emerald F Fresh Express, Farmland Foods, Food For Life, Foster Farms, Ferrero G GNC, Gorton's, Gwaltney, Grimmway Farms, Guinness H Hodgson Mill, Hungry Jack, Herr's, HMR, Hostess I Ian's, I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!, International Delight, Idahoan Foods, Imagine Foods J Joseph Farms, Johnsonville, John Soules Foods, Jones Soda, John Morrell K Ken's, Kar's, Kettle Brand, Kretschmar, Knorr L Luna, LaBrea Bakery, Lean Cuisine, Lactaid, Litehouse Foods M Mars, Marie's, Michael Angelo's, Mrs Baird's, Maruchan N Naked Juice, Nalley, Nature's Path, Nickles, Nong Shim F Fig Newtons, N Near East, Nestle, New York Style, Newman's Own, Nestea O Orville Redenbacher's, On The Border, Odwalla, Old Dutch, On The Border P Pringles, President's Choice, Patak's, Powerade, Pirate's Booty Q Quorn, Quaker, R Ruffles, Rudi's, Russell Stover, Revival, RiceSelect S Smithfield, Sensible Portions, Saputo, Stonyfield Farm, South Beach T Turtle Mountain, Thomas', Totino's, Tone's, Tofutti U Utz, Uncle Ben's, V Veggie Patch, Voortman, Van Camp's, V8, Voskos W Wish-Bone, Woodstock Farms, Worthington Loma Linda, Weight Watchers, Wanchai Ferry Y Yoplait, Yakult, Yves Veggies, Z Zone Perfect, Zatarain's, ...
	
find more popular food brands












blog|faq|terms|privacy|find people|food list|brand list|report abuse|contact|other sites|platform|professional
© 2017 FatSecret. All rights reserved.







Foods

























Register  |  Sign In

































Search in:



 Foods
								



 Recipes
								



 Meals
								



 Challenges
								



 Exercises
								



 Members
								



 Journals
								



 Groups
								



 Forums
								



 Diets
								



 Tips
								

 











			 
		























My FatSecret



Foods



Recipes


Challenges


Fitness


Diets



Community















Foods







Foods
Browse common foods and products from your favorite brands and restaurants.



Browse Common Foods







Beans & Legumes
All types of beans and legumes like baked beans, green beans, refried beans and lentils.more





Beverages
Hot and cold drinks like juices, soda, smoothies, coffee, beer, wine and cocktails.more






Breads & Cereals
Different types of breads and cereals like bagels, tortillas, rye, wheat bread and oatmeal.more





Cheese, Milk & Dairy
Cheese varieties and dairy products like cheddar, mozzarella, provolone, skim milk and yogurt.more






Eggs
Variety of plain and cooked eggs like, egg whites, hard-boiled, scrambled, fried and poached.more





Fast Food
Foods from all your favorite chains like burgers, fries, burritos, tacos, hot dogs and pizza.more






Fish & Seafood
A range of seafood and fish like shrimp, lobster, scallops, tuna, salmon, mahi mahi and tilapia.more





Fruit
Popular fruits like apples, bananas, strawberries, oranges, grapes, peaches, pears and grapefruit.more






Meat
Full range of meats and cuts like bacon, ribs, chicken breast, pork chops, corned beef and roast turkey.more





Nuts & Seeds
Popular nuts and seeds like almonds, peanuts, pecans, pistachios, walnuts and sunflower seeds.more






Pasta, Rice & Noodles
All types of pasta and rice like spaghetti, macaroni, ravioli, lasagna, white rice and fried rice.more





Salads
All your favorite salads like coleslaw, potato salad caesar salad, egg salad and chicken salad.more






Sauces, Spices & Spreads
All types of sauces and spices like ketchup, applesauce, pasta sauce, salsa, olive oil, mayo, salad dressing, hummus and maple syrup.more





Snacks
Sweet and salty snacks like potato chips, tortilla chips, jerky, popcorn, pretzels, crackers, granola bars, trail mix and rice cakes.more






Soups
All types of soups like chili, gumbo, bisques, chowders, stews and broths.more





Sweets, Candy & Desserts
Sweet treats like candy, chocolate, cake, donuts, ice cream, pastries, muffins, pancakes and brownies.more






Vegetables
All vegetables like mushrooms, carrots, potatoes, tomatoes, broccoli, lettuce, peas and onions.more





Other
Popular foods like dumplings, croutons, chow mein, french toast, quiche, spring rolls and grits.more





Popular Food Brands
A Ancient Harvest, Alexia, Act II B Bragg, Buitoni, Becel C Classico, Coleman Natural, Christie D Dietz & Watson, Dream Dinners, DiGiorno E Egg Beaters, Entenmann's, Earthbound Farm F Fuze, Frito-Lay, French's G Glutino, Goya, Guiltless Gourmet H Hunt's, Haribo, Herbalife I Imagine Foods, International Delight, Ian's J Jolly Rancher, Jose Ole, Jif K Kar's, Kemps, Kraft L Log Cabin, Litehouse Foods, Lay's M Mrs. Freshley's, Malt-O-Meal, Minute N Nature Valley, F Fig Newtons, N NutriSystem, Nasoya, Nile Spice O Oscar Mayer, Omaha Steaks, On The Border P Pop Secret, Prego, Post Q Quorn, Quaker, R RiceSelect, Reese's, Red Bull S Shamrock Farms, Smoothie King, Spectrum T The Greek Gods, Tone's, Tandoor Chef U Utz, Uncle Ben's, V Village Hearth, Vitalicious, Veg-All W Wrigley, Wish-Bone, Walden Farms Y Yves Veggies, Yakult, Yoplait Z Zatarain's, Zone Perfect, ...
	
find more popular food brands


Restaurants & Chains
A A&W, Applebee's, Amazon Cafe B Ben & Jerry's, Bojangles, Buffalo Wild Wings C Cotton Patch Cafe, Cousins Subs, Chevy's Fresh Mex D D'Angelo, Dickey's Barbecue, Davanni's E Erik's Delicafe, Eat'n Park, East Side Mario's F Freddy's Frozen Custard, Flame Broiler, Fazoli's G Grandy's, Good Times, Go Roma H Houlihan's, Hungry Howie's Pizza, Hometown Buffet I Isaac's, In-N-Out, IHOP J Jugo Juice, Jet's Pizza, Juice It Up K KFC, Kolache Factory, Kwik Trip L LaRosa's Pizzeria, Leeann Chin, Luby's M Macayo's, Milestone's, Meatheads N Noodles & Company, Newk's Express Cafe, Nordstrom O Orange Leaf, Old Spaghetti Factory, Outback Steakhouse P Papa John's, Panda Express, P.F. Chang's Q Quiznos, QT Kitchens, QuikTrip R Runza, Ruby Tuesday, Rubio's Fresh Mexican Grill S Sweet Tomatoes, Schlotzsky's Deli, Smashburger T Tropical Smoothie Cafe, Taco Bell, Taco Time U UFood Grill, Uno Chicago Grill, W White Castle, Winchell's, Wendy's Y Yoshinoya, Yard House, Yaya's Z Zpizza, Zippy's, Zoe's Kitchen ...
	
find more restaurants & chains


Supermarkets
A Albertsons, America's Choice, A Taste of Thai B Best Choice, Best Yet, C Central Market, Compliments, Casey's E Eating Right, F Food Lion, Fresh & Easy, Fry's G Great Value, Giant Eagle, H Harris Teeter, Hannaford, Hy-Vee J Jewel-Osco, K Kirkwood, Kirkland Signature, Kroger M Meijer, Market Pantry, Member's Mark N No Name, O Old Dutch, Our Family, P Publix, Private Selection, Pathmark R Roundy's, Raley's, Ralphs S Schnucks, ShopRite, Speedway SuperAmerica T Trader Joe's, W Wawa, Winn-Dixie, Wegmans ...
	
find more supermarkets











Food Search












































Member Meals

Breakfast:




Bagel sandwich





Peachy Keen Smoothie





English muffin bacon Egg



Lunch:




Italian Sandwich





Portobello Pizza





Bacon & Tomato Sandwich



Dinner:




Chicken Ranch Sandwhich without the Bun





Mushrooms and Onions





Ham & Turkey Sandwich



Snacks/Other:




PB & Banana Sandwich





Pudding Pals





Bologna Sandwich



find more meals







 Recently Popular Foods




South Beach Diet Vanilla Ricotta Creme





Lundberg Rice & Wild Rice





Blue Apron Catfish & Plum Sauce





Olivia's Organics Power Greens





Fresh Thyme Peanut Butter Filled Pretzels





Pret a Manger Caprese Baguette





Sunshine Country Roasted Salted Almonds





Wegmans Organic Creamy Cashew Butter





Jamba Juice PB 'N Jealous (Small)





Evolution Fresh Defense Up (Bottle)



view more recent food diaries














blog|faq|terms|privacy|find people|food list|brand list|report abuse|contact|other sites|platform|professional
© 2017 FatSecret. All rights reserved.








Brand list, Food Manufacturers starting with 'A', items 1 to 20 of 474




























Register  |  Sign In

































Search in:



 Foods
								



 Recipes
								



 Meals
								



 Challenges
								



 Exercises
								



 Members
								



 Journals
								



 Groups
								



 Forums
								



 Diets
								



 Tips
								

 











			 
		























My FatSecret



Foods



Recipes


Challenges


Fitness


Diets



Community















Foods

Brand List

Food Manufacturer






Brand List

					Type: 
					Food Manufacturer|
Restaurant/Fast Food|
Supermarket|
Other



					A: 1 to 20 of 474
				


A | 
						B | 
						C | 
						D | 
						E | 
						F | 
						G | 
						H | 
						I | 
						J | 
						K | 
						L | 
						M | 
						N | 
						O | 
						P | 
						Q | 
						R | 
						S | 
						T | 
						U | 
						V | 
						W | 
						X | 
						Y | 
						Z | 
						*



 A La Carte

 A La Francaise

 A Southern Season

 A Taste of India

 A Taste of Thai

 A&W

 A. Vogel

 A.1. Steak Sauces And Marinades

 A.K. Gourmet

 Aaron's

 Ab Cuts

 ABB

 Abbey Bakery

 Abbotsford Farms

 Abbott Nutrition

 Abbyland

 ABC

 Abdallah

 Aberdeen Farms

 Abiqua Farms


1
							   
							2
							   
							3
							   
							4
							   
							5
							   
							6
							  ... 
							  End











Food Search












































Your Food Diary
						Use the FatSecret food diary to track your diet. There are thousands of foods and recipes in
						the FatSecret database to choose from, with detailed nutritional information including calories, fat and protein
						for each serving size.
						You may also add one of the many great recipes and food ideas submitted by our members.
						Find out how your diet compares to your friends and to other members like you! 
					
		



Recent Food Diary Entries



 

Apple & Gouda Juicy Sausage



 

Emulsified MCT



 

Pumpkin Seed Superfood Bar Dark Chocolate



 

Dry Roasted & Lightly Salted Almonds



 

Low Sodium Tomato Basil Pasta Sauce



 

Crispers!



 

Bacon Queso Burger



 

Puff Dogs



 

Snickerdoodle Cookies



 

Zucchini Noodles















blog|faq|terms|privacy|find people|food list|brand list|report abuse|contact|other sites|platform|professional
© 2017 FatSecret. All rights reserved.









David R Clancey - West Newbury, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David R Clancey in West Newbury, MA


David R Clancey

                                                                           Intelius found that David R Clancey  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from West Newbury, MA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 9 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David L Clancey


Get Report Now

Age

David R Clancey is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

West Newbury, MA
Dracut, MA
Newburyport, MA

David's Relatives

Ryan Clancey
Joanne Gay
Pamela Gay
Betty Forbes







David R Clancey



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, and Chief Strategy Officer at Edgewater High School



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David R Clancey
Get a Criminal Check on David R Clancey
Get a Public Record Report on David R Clancey
Get a People Search Report on David R Clancey


David R Clancey's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David R Clancey has lived as well as David R Clancey's phone numbers and email addresses.




David R Clancey Has Lived in 3 States
Massachusetts Address for David R Clancey


48 W** T* T** R**** R* 

West Newbury, MA


Has Lived In

West Newbury, MA
Dracut, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David R Clancey

(978) ***-**** - West Newbury, MA 
(978) ***-**** - West Newbury, MA 
(781) ***-**** - Wakefield, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David R Clancey

d******y@***.com
d***********y@***.com


Get Email Report




David R Clancey's Professional Information
Information regarding David R Clancey's professional history.  Find out previous places David R Clancey has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David R Clancey Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Edgewater High School
               Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, and Chief Strategy Officer
Company: Edgewater High School
               Title: Executive Vice President
David R Clancey's Experience
Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, and Chief Strategy Officer
               Company: Edgewater High School
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Edgewater High School
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Additional Professional Information on David R Clancey

 See David R Clancey's LinkedIn Profile



David R Clancey's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David R Clancey


David R Clancey's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David R Clancey's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Clancey
Username Matches

                  DavidClancey
                  ClanceyDavid
                  David.Clancey
                  Clancey.David
                  David_Clancey
                  Clancey_David
                  David-Clancey
                  Clancey-David
                  DClancey
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Clancey







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















PRODUCTS - Clancy Radiators
































































Navigation



Clancy Radiators
Your business tagline goes here













PRODUCTS 

Radiators for combines, tractors, earth movers and industrial applications. More than 300 models.
Clancy Radiators has a large and growing product range for agricultural and industrial applications, such as tractors, combine harvesters, earth movers, loaders and forklifts.
The company is uniquely positioned to develop new models, with minimal development costs and very short lead times.
We design and produce all necessary tooling in-house, reducing costs and lead times to an absolute minimum.
THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS
Innovative processes, leading technology and experienced staff.
Our manufacturing process is constantly being improved, driven by our commitment to our customers and our determination to increase productivity.
Our engineers and toolmakers, skilled in computer aided manufacturing, design and produce all necessary tooling in-house, reducing costs and lead times to an absolute minimum.
Deep drawing presses with double action platens, designed and fabricated in-house, can produce the most difficult of radiator tanks. This process allows the company to convert plastic-aluminium radiators to the more durable and fully recyclable copper brass radiators.
Our investment in leading software and technology combined with our vast experience, allows us to plan and coordinate the entire production process with efficiency and control.
Every component is quality tested in production, and every radiator undergoes a rigorous final inspection and is 100% pressure leak tested.
We supply radiators to fit:

Allis Chalmers – Download Product Spec (111 KB)
Bobcat – Download Product Spec (162 KB)
Chamberlain – Download Product Spec (32 KB)
Case IH – Download Product Spec (1.1 MB)
David Brown – Download Product Spec (52 KB)
Deutz – Download Product Spec (36 KB)
Desta – Download Product Spec (31 KB)
Ford – Download Product Spec (608 KB)
Fendt – Download Product Spec (45 KB)
JCB – Download Product Spec (121 KB)
John Deere – Download Product Spec (1.6 MB)
Kubota – Download Product Spec (553 KB)
Landini – Download Product Spec (60 KB)
Massey Ferguson – Download Product Spec (912 KB)
New Holland – Download Product Spec (504 KB)
Oliver and White – Download Product Spec (132 KB)
Renault – Download Product Spec (96 KB)

CONTACT US
Looking for something and can’t find it? We are always looking to add new models to our range. Please contact us with any inquiries.

First Name*Email*

Telephone*Your Enquiry*

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

 
 
 





Contact Clancy Radiators Ltd.
Crossagalla industrial Estate,
Ballysimon Road,
Limerick,
Ireland.
Tel: +353 (0) 61 419497
Fax: +353 (0) 61 411104
Email: mclancy@clancyradiators.com

 
Subscribe / Connect

Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates.


































Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell #1 by Tom Clancy,  David Michaels |, Paperback | Barnes & Noble®


















































Get a $10 Reward Card for Every $50 You Spend  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





BNLogo

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date. 
 For a better shopping experience, please upgrade
now.







!

  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling
JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the
features of our site.     Learn
how to enable JavaScript on your browser


















 
 
 





Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell #1

4.4
228


by Tom Clancy (Created by), David MichaelsTom Clancy




 
 All Formats & Editions



See All Formats & Editions





In response to the growing use of sophisticated digital encryption to conceal potential threats to the United States, the National Security Agency has ushered forth the new dawn of intelligence-gathering techniques. The top-secret initiative is dubbed Third Echelon. Its existence denied by the U.S. government, Third Echelon deploys a lone field operative. He is

See more details below





Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell #1 available in
Paperback, NOOK Book



Paperback
(Tall Rack Paperback)



$9.99


$9.99



Format
Format


Paperback - $9.99

NOOK Book - $9.99














Sign In to Complete Instant Purchase
Eligible for FREE SHIPPING 

Get it by Wednesday, July 26
, Order now and choose Expedited Delivery during checkout.Same Day delivery in Manhattan. 
Details


129 New & Used from
$1.99





Save to Wishlist




Want it Today?Check Store Availability



9780425201688



















Overview
Product Details
Related Subjects
Read an Excerpt


Meet the author






Overview



In response to the growing use of sophisticated digital encryption to conceal potential threats to the United States, the National Security Agency has ushered forth the new dawn of intelligence-gathering techniques. The top-secret initiative is dubbed Third Echelon. Its existence denied by the U.S. government, Third Echelon deploys a lone field operative. He is sharp, nearly invisible, and deadly. And he has the right to spy, steal, destroy, and assassinate to protect American freedoms.His name is Sam Fisher. He is a Splinter Cell®.


Advertising











Product Details


ISBN-13:

9780425201688
Publisher:

Penguin Publishing Group
Publication date:
12/28/2004
Series:

Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Series
, #1
Pages:
416
Sales rank:
122,112
Product dimensions:
 4.25(w) x 7.50(h) x 0.87(d)






Related Subjects


Espionage Thrillers





Read an Excerpt


  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell  By Tom Clancy David Michaels   Berkley  ISBN: 0-425-20168-6   Chapter One  It's like being in a state of nonexistence. A vacuum. Darkness and light at the same time, and no sense of gravity. There's no air, but I know I'm breathing. Certainly no sounds are present. I see and feel nothing. There are no dreams.  That's what sleep is like for me. I'm blessed, I suppose. I can will myself to sleep anywhere, anytime. I didn't train to do it. It's always been that way, ever since I was a kid. I simply tell myself, "It's time to sleep now." And I do it. I'm sure a lot of people in the world would envy this talent. I don't take it for granted because in my business I have to catch sleep in the strangest places and at the oddest times.  I feel the pulsating pressure on my wrist. It gently pulls me out of this dimensionless world, and I slowly regain the use of my senses. I feel the warm metal against my face. I hear far-off nondescript echoes.  The OPSAT attached to my wrist continues to wake me. There's a little T-shaped rod that protrudes from the flexible band when the silent "alarm" goes off. The rod rocks back and forth, nudging my pulse, telling my body that it's time to rouse. When I first saw it demonstrated, it reminded me of a James Coburn spy movie from the sixties in which he played a secret agent who could stop his heart on command. This apparently put him in some kind of hibernation. He had a wristwatch with the same kind of T-shaped rod that poked himuntil he woke up. I remember laughing in the movie theater when I saw that. It was too ridiculous to take seriously. Now look at me.  I take a few deep breaths. The air is stale and dry inside the ventilation shaft where I spent the last six hours. I flex my hands to get the blood circulating once again. I stretch my feet, even though they're enclosed snugly in my boots.  Then I open my eyes.  There's no more light in the shaft than there was when I first climbed into it.  The OPSAT finishes its duty and the little T-shaped rod retracts. I bring my left hand to my face and press the button to illuminate the OPSAT's screen. There are no new messages from Lambert. No incoming e-mail. All's quiet in the world. The OPSAT is a handy little device that Third Echelon dreamed up for its agents. It's really called an Operational Satellite Uplink. Primarily a tool for communication, it has many other uses as well. I particularly like the camera capabilities that allow me to snap digital pics of anything I want.  I'm suddenly aware of how hot it is and I remember where I am. The ventilation shaft of the Tropical Casino in Macau. I'm lying horizontally in a space slightly smaller than a phone booth. It's a good thing I'm not claustrophobic or I'd be a basket case by now. Since I had to wait for the right time to make my move, I set the alarm to wake me at four in the morning. I figured that's when activity inside the casino would be at its most muted. It's a twenty-four-hour joint, so there's always going to be someone here.  I'm sweating like a pig inside my custom-made uniform. I forgot to adjust the temperature control before going to sleep. I quickly turn the knob at my belt to make it cooler. Immediately I can feel the cold water flowing through the vessels embedded within the uniform's lining. The military calls it an "Objective Force Warrior" uniform. It's like an astronaut's suit, only sleeker and tighter. I can make it cold or hot, depending on what kind of environment I'm in. It's made of a heavy material with Kevlar sewn into it, yet it's flexible enough for me to perform any gymnastic feat I wish to attempt. I wouldn't call it bulletproof, but it's close. The tough outer hide feels like elephant skin to the touch, and it goes a long way toward deflecting stuff. I suppose if I were shot at point blank I'd be dead, but bullets fired from a range of fifteen feet or more might penetrate the suit but not me. The Kevlar acts as a braking mechanism. Pretty cool stuff. Another interesting feature is that it's got photosensitive threading that reacts when a targeting laser strikes the material. The suit sends a signal to my OPSAT, alerting me that I'm in a sniper's gun sight.  My only beef with the uniform is that it's so tight fitting and neat that it makes me look like a comic book superhero. Even my special headpiece looks like a mask when I have the goggles down.  I pull the straw from the tube in the collar and suck refreshing cold water from the supply stored in the bladders distributed evenly throughout the suit. There's enough water in there to last twelve hours as long as I use it sparingly. It's an odd concept, but I have to "fill up my uniform" every so often.  Time for a little energy. I raise my body enough so I can reach into the Osprey strapped to my back and pull out a ration. The food in those things tastes a lot like the MREs the army gets, so there's a variety of stuff-from Cajun-style rice and beans to spaghetti to grilled chicken breast. Maybe some of that stuff is actually in the recipes. The one I happen to pick resembles trail mix. As I munch on the delicacy, I recall how I got here and what the hell I'm supposed to be doing.  I had entered the casino during the early evening, just as the big crowds were beginning to populate the place. I wore street clothes and figured I'd be less noticeable when a lot of people were here. Casinos in Macau are different from other ones around the world. The Chinese take their gambling very seriously. There's never any shouting of "Jackpot," much less any hint of smiles from these people. They look as if they'd just as soon shoot you as deal you a card. It's par for the course, I guess. Triads hang out in Macau casinos, and I've never seen a cheerful Triad. Given the fact that since 1999 Macau was no longer a Portuguese colony and was now one of the Special Administrative Regions of China, I could imagine that the inhabitants were not very happy. Like Hong Kong, Macau was now part of Communist China, even though the Chinese government promised that things would remain relatively the same for the next fifty years. It was still unclear what the colony's underworld was doing about the hand-over. During the twentieth century, Macau had developed a reputation as a hotbed of spies, vice, and intrigue.  I played a few games, lost a little money, gained some of it back, and then went to the washroom across from the broom closet I needed. I had memorized the building plans before the mission commenced. I could make my way around the casino blindfolded if I had to.  I slipped out of the washroom when I sensed no one was in the hallway and moved to the broom closet door. I had to use a lock pick to open it. Luckily, it wasn't a high-tech lock. After all, it really was just a broom closet.  Once I was inside, I locked the door and proceeded to remove the street clothes, revealing my funky superhero uniform underneath. I folded the clothes and tucked them neatly in the Osprey backpack. I donned the headpiece and was set to go. The change from Clark Kent to Superman had taken me about forty seconds.  I climbed a tool shelf to reach the ventilation shaft opening, gently pried off the grill cover, and hung it on a nail on the wall. I tested the strength of the structure to make sure it would hold my weight and then pulled myself in. I could just barely turn myself around to reach out, grab the grill cover, and fasten it back on the shaft from the inside. I did another about-face and crawled silently through the shaft until I came to a spot that was sufficient for a nap. And here I am.  I finish my meal and eat the digestible wrapper so I won't leave any trace of my being here. I doubt anyone is going to look inside the ventilation shaft, but one never knows. Time to act.  I crawl farther along the shaft, make the left turn I know is coming, go about twenty yards, hook a right, and then shimmy down a vertical drop for ten feet. On the next level the shaft goes in three directions. I tap the OPSAT for the compass mode just to confirm that the tunnel on my left is the westerly direction, and then I crawl that way. One more right turn and I can see the grill at the end of the shaft. The casino president's office.  I peer through the grill to make sure the office is dark and uninhabited. I carefully push the grill off but hold on to it. I don't want a loud clang when I drop it. I worm my upper body out of the shaft and gently place the grill behind a sofa directly beneath me. I then clutch the bottom of the shaft opening, roll my lower back and hips out, and somersault onto the carpeted floor. So far, so good.  I push the goggles over my eyes and switch on the night-vision mode. No need to turn on any lights and attract attention. Being quiet and invisible are the two main rules in my profession. Get the job done without being seen or noticed. If I'm caught, the U.S. government will deny any knowledge of my existence. I'd be on my own, in the hands of a foreign agency with no legal recourse or means of escape except with what I can manage to achieve with my body and mind. It's a test I don't particularly want to take, even though I've studied for it for years. There are always trick questions in that kind of test.  I go straight for the computer on the president's expansive mahogany desk, power it up, and tap my fingers impatiently while I wait for the system to load. When it asks for the password, I type in the one that Carly assured me would work-and sure enough, it does. Carly St. John is a wizard when it comes to technical shit. She can hack into any system, anywhere. And she can do it from her desk in Washington, D.C.  Using the Search function, I quickly find the folders I want. They contain files of payoff records to various organizations and individuals. I have to make sure these are separate from the legitimate casino expenses, and Carly has briefed me on how to tell the difference. Once again, the telltale flags she mentioned are there, so I know I'm in the right place.  I unzip the pouch on my left leg calf and remove a link that I insert into the computer's floppy drive. The other end I plug into my OPSAT. A touch of a few buttons and voilà-the files begin to copy onto my portable device. It takes only a minute or so.  As the OPSAT does its work, I think about Dan Lee, the Third Echelon man who was murdered in this casino three months ago. He was tracking illegal arms sales in China, and the trail led him here to Macau. The Shop, of course, are the guys doing the dealing. Before he was killed, Lee had given Lambert proof that the Tropical Casino's accounting department was being used as a front for the illegal transactions. Shutting down the Shop is one of our primary directives, and the only way to do it is to work from the outer ends of the pipelines back to the source. And there are lots of pipelines, all over the globe. Uncovering them is only half the battle. Now, with these files listing the Shop's customers in our possession, other U.S. agencies can act on closing this particular pipeline.  We still don't know exactly what happened to Dan Lee. A Chinese recruit, Lee had worked for the NSA for something like seven years. I never knew him personally-we never meet the other agents in Third Echelon-but I understand he was a stand-up guy. He did his job well and was a good man. Lambert thought that someone in the Shop had learned of his identity and lured him to the casino with information as bait. Lee never left the casino.  The OPSAT finishes the transfer just as I hear noise in the hallway outside. Shit. I pull the link out of the computer. Keys rattle in the door and I hear a voice followed by a laugh. There are two of them. I have no time to shut down the computer, but I hit the monitor's Off button.  I leap away from the desk and eye the distance to the ventilation shaft. The key turns in the lock. There's no time for that route. I scamper up a set of filing cabinets and press myself into the corner, my head against the ceiling. It's a difficult position to hold. I have to use my knee against the top of the filing cabinets to leverage myself while at the same time pushing with my arms on the two walls to anchor my body. It isn't comfortable. Just as I settle myself, the door opens. Maybe they won't notice me since I'm some four or five feet above their heads.  I recognize the first guy, the one with the keys. It's Kim Wei Lo, probably the mastermind behind the Shop's operation in Macau. He's on the wanted lists for all the three-letter agencies-you know, the CIA, the FBI, the NSA ... When the other guy turns slightly, I make him, too. He's Chen Wong, Lo's bodyguard. Wong is a big guy, but I've seen bigger. If it came down to a face-off, I'm pretty sure I could take him.  Lo hits one of the two light switches on the wall by the door. The fluorescents directly over the desk blink on. Thank God he didn't switch on the other one. My side of the room would've been showered with illumination. At least I'm still in the shadows. If they look up and focus on the back wall, corner and ceiling, they'll see me hanging there like a spider.  The two men go to the desk and Lo says something in Chinese. I catch the word "computer," so I figure he's wondering why someone didn't shut it down for the night. It doesn't bother him too much, though. He sits at the desk and begins to work while Wong paces slowly behind him, gazing out the large glass window that overlooks the main drag cutting through this poor excuse for a city. An urban area is a more appropriate term. As it's the middle of the night, there isn't much traffic or neon lights. I hope something will mesmerize him enough that he'll keep his back to me while I wait this out.  As a precaution, though, I mentally practice drawing my Five-seveN from where I am, but, ultimately, I don't think it's possible without falling to the floor. I have a directive not to kill anyone if I don't have to. Unfortunately, I've had to disobey that directive on numerous occasions. I don't like doing it, but sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.  It's hot in the room. They must shut off the AC at night. Or maybe it's a ruse to get gamblers to buy more drinks. I'm dying to adjust the temperature in my uniform, but I don't dare move. I can feel the sweat building underneath my headpiece, and it's starting to trickle down my face.  Shit. Wong turns and walks aimlessly around the desk and heads my way. He's drawn his own pistol-it looks like a Smith & Wesson .38 from here-and he's twirling it in his hand, Western-style. He does an abrupt turn and faces a bookshelf. As he continues to twirl the gun, Wong scans the titles of the books. I guess the guy really can read.  Lo says something and Wong grunts in reply. He doesn't walk back to the desk, though, damn it. Instead, he moves away from the books and starts ambling toward the filing cabinets. All he has to do is glance up and he'll see me for sure. Continues...   Excerpted from Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell by Tom Clancy David Michaels  Excerpted by permission. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.Excerpts are provided by Dial-A-Book Inc. solely for the personal use of visitors to this web site. 



Show More









Meet the Author








A little more than thirty years ago Tom Clancy was a Maryland insurance broker with a passion for naval history. Years before, he had been an English major at Baltimore’s Loyola College and had always dreamed of writing a novel. His first effort, The Hunt for Red October, sold briskly as a result of rave reviews, then catapulted onto the New York Times bestseller list after President Reagan pronounced it “the perfect yarn.” From that day forward, Clancy established himself as an undisputed master at blending exceptional realism and authenticity, intricate plotting, and razor-sharp suspense. He passed away in October 2013.





Brief Biography

Hometown:
Huntingtown, Maryland
Date of Birth:
April 12, 1947
Date of Death:
October 1, 2013


Place of Birth:
Baltimore, Maryland


Education:
Loyola High School in Towson, Maryland, 1965; B.A. in English, Loyola College, 1969








Customer Reviews

Average Review: 



Write a Review


Post to your social network

 
 
 






Most Helpful Customer Reviews


See all customer reviews




































