


Laura Clark's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Laura Clark#737878@laura_clark0Following0FollowersFollow1 UpvoteGboard by GoogleGoogle Search, GIFs, emojis & more—right from your keyboardTech save 648 6Share this profile









Designer Detail


















It appears that your browser has JavaScript disabled.

								This Website requires your browser to be JavaScript enabled.
			  					Please enable JavaScript and reload this page.
							






close



GO












inspiration 

Inspiration
Swatchboard
Designer







designers
Laura Guido-Clark

Laura Guido-Clark is an expert in the “skin” of consumer products – their color, materials, and finish. This is perhaps the area of industrial and textile design that requires the greatest understanding of the human heart. Guido-Clark has spent her life studying the always new and always surprising ways human beings react to the look and feel of any given product.

With a BFA in Interior design from Wayne State University, Guido-Clark has always been interested in making disparate parts create a seamless whole. Throughout her twenty-plus year career, Ms. Guido-Clark has analyzed the conscious and unconscious influences that drive buying decisions. Her ability to translate those influences into prescient forecasting and, ultimately, into concrete applications of color and finish has helped companies such as Kodak, HP, Mattel, LG and Toyota design products that resonate with consumers and succeed in competitive markets.

Importantly, Ms. Guido-Clark is the rare color and finish consultant whose expertise includes not just textiles but heavy manufacturing industries such as automotive, electronics, and major household appliances. This experience has given her vast knowledge of the raw materials and processes used in product categories across the board.


Products Designed


Against the Grain


Peas in a Pod


Crossing the Line










Clark Lara Photography











 






 

 




























 


 



*blogsite





*proofing





*facebook





*contact


 

 






 



please disable any popup blockers






minimum recommended screen resolution: 1024 x 768 px.

this site requires Flash Player 8 or later.






GET FLASH PLAYER



 








 





































Laura Clark



































Home » Authors » Laura Clark


Laura Clark
Laura Clark is the global market director for beverages at Avery Dennison. 

Articles




ARTICLES







Enhancing PET recyclability through ink and label innovation


Laura Clark


Jeremy Teachman


June 16, 2014
No Comments


	The expectation among many consumers is that the PET bottles they divert into the recycling stream are transformed into new bottles. This not only keeps those bottles out of the local landfill, but it also provides a closed-loop and sustainable source of material for new bottles.Read More


















Subscribe For Free!













More Videos




Sponsored Content




                Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the Beverage Industry audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep.

Close







Sponsored By
Freightliner Trucks


Advancing Fuel Efficiency: Freightliner’s New Cascadia Day Cab

Freightliner’s new Cascadia® is designed to be more fuel efficient than ever before. Advances in aerodynamics and powertrain components have contributed to increased fuel economy.















Events

August 24, 2017
What Consumers Want: How Honey Helps Formulate Clean Label Beverages 
Consumers are craving all-natural beverages with clean labels and ingredients they can pronounce. And, they’re not willing to sacrifice on taste. Honey has become a product developer’s secret weapon, delivering countless benefits to a variety of beverage products.


September 19, 2017
BevOps Fleet Summit
The BevOpsFleet Summit is produced with one main goal in mind - to help you and your business succeed. If you are in the beverage industry you will not want to miss the 12th annual BevOps Fleet Summit being held September 19-22!


View All
Submit An Event




Poll
Plant Based Water Trends

Which plant-based water will experience the most growth in 2017?



Coconut water



Watermelon water



Maple water



Birch water



Cactus water




View Results
Poll Archive


Products






Cleaning-in-Place: Dairy, Food and Beverage Operations, 3rd Edition


	This book addresses the principles of cleaning operations, water supply issues and the science of detergents and disinfectants.


See More Products















Beverage Industry Magazine





2017 July
The July 2016 issue of Beverage Industry includes a cover story on CORE Hydration as well as the 2017 State of the Industry and articles about water, foodservice technology and more!
View More
Subscribe





Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media.
Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing

























































AT HOME WITH LAURA GUIDO-CLARK / Product 'skin' expert plays it neutral while selling color - SFGate

















































































































Subscribe


Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.sfgate.com/homeandgarden/article/AT-HOME-WITH-LAURA-GUIDO-CLARK-Product-skin-2660618.php



AT HOME WITH LAURA GUIDO-CLARK / Product 'skin' expert plays it neutral while selling color


Susan Fornoff, Chronicle Staff Writer


        Published 4:00 am, Wednesday, June 22, 2005
    





























































































































































































































                                            Photo: John O'Hara
                                    
 


Image 1of/2
CaptionClose



















Image 1 of 2


Laura Guido-Clark,
 an expert on the color and skin of a product.
 In her home office/ workspace,with many of the colors for products she produces
 Photo/John O'Hara
Laura Guido-Clark,
 an expert on the color and skin of a product.
 In her home office/ workspace,with many of the colors for products she produces
 Photo/John O'Hara

                                            Photo: John O'Hara
                                    

 



Image 2 of 2


Laura Guido-Clark
 an expert on the color and skin of a product.
 Living room
 Photo/John O'Hara
Laura Guido-Clark
 an expert on the color and skin of a product.
 Living room
 Photo/John O'Hara

                                            Photo: John O'Hara
                                    








 






AT HOME WITH LAURA GUIDO-CLARK / Product 'skin' expert plays it neutral while selling color

1 / 2


Back to Gallery
















If red really could stop traffic, cars would be lined up outside Laura Guido-Clark's house high in the Berkeley hills. On a workday, her where's-the-fire scarlet Mini Cooper with a white top sits at the curb -- usually bumper to bumper with the screaming yellow Jeep that belongs to her assistant, Ashley Gillespie. 
From there, it's a few steps down and across a serene courtyard patrolled by resident cats Pablo and Nellie to the garage, which four years ago Dan Clark had converted into a studio so that his wife could patrol their two kids, Ellis and Paris. 
The walls are mostly white (a Martha Stewart tone, with a greenish tinge on the side abutting the courtyard), the floors covered in gray (Flor "House Pet" carpet squares in "Hamster"). But color pays the mortgage for Guido-Clark, a petite woman who plays a gigantic role in the hues and textures of cars, appliances, carpets, office furniture, Barbie merchandise and even toothbrushes. 
"Yes, it's a highly neutral space," she says of her bland work room. "We try to keep it as visually spare as we can, so that when we see color, we really see color." 



LATEST SFGATE VIDEOS




 
The look of things runs deep for Guido-Clark, who studied premed and interior design back in Detroit at Wayne State University and has a way of sounding the way a psychotherapist would in talking about color. ("Yes, you love red (your mother), but how does it (she) make you feel?") 
She talks of naming a carpet pattern "She Loves You" to convey a "have fun with this" message to buyers, and creating 3,000 colors of Spinneybeck leather just to show that, well, Spinneybeck could. 
"You needed to appeal to people's emotions, even though they might go to the safest thing," says the principal of Guido-Clark Design. "They needed to know that all these colors were there, even though they went for navy blue, burgundy and black. It's the same thing with Flor: You put in a color because emotionally it's so engaging, even though a person might not be ready and they might pick the more neutral version of it. But you'll see it coming on the upswing. Once they get used to that, then they're ordering things with big flowers for the floor." 
"She never just says, 'It's a pretty color,' " says Beverly Thome, Guido- Clark's now retired former business partner. "She gives the client backup, she gives them research, she gives them the reasons why they need to do these things -- which is what they need, to know that she knows the reasons." 
She knew, for instance, that the people who loved a red car would not want to see that red on a toothbrush, and, after many hours of research for Toyota, that the people who made cars would be wise to look at the way consumers were decorating their homes. 
"Cars have become more like the home, and we no longer will tolerate, for $40,000, plastic and velour seats," she says. "We're so sophisticated about mixing materials and finishes in the home." 
Guido-Clark's own home, through the always open studio door, mixes the modern and the classic, the art and the antique, the beautiful with the comfortable. When they shopped nine years ago her husband had wanted the 1939 house -- it had been painted black, then white, in previous lives -- and she didn't. Dan redesigned the floor plan, though, and consolidated the staircase to their three living levels. Now, she says, "I love this house. This is an appreciative house. There are houses you fix and the more work you put into them, the more they need. This house isn't like that, it's very receptive to change." 
It's still a work in progress -- the unrenovated top floor, where the master and Paris' bedrooms are, she shows sheepishly. On the lower level, the kitchen-dining room footprint felt solid, so Guido-Clark merely did her skin thing, pouring concrete counters, taking off cabinet doors, refinishing the walls in a soft yellow, making a cool room warm. 
The main floor offers picture windows full of expansive four-bridge views, with two living spaces -- one for watching television, the other for reading and conversation. On the walls, photos by famed rock photographer Jim Marshall share space with squares of artificial turf and contemporary paintings "on permanent loan" from Thome. 
Colors throughout are quiet, even on the comfy chartreuse sofa in the TV area. A range of soft green tones cover the walls, with a warmer yellow base in the living room and a cooler blue base in the light-flooded family room. Fabrics are all natural, in shades evoking tea, chalk, seaweed and hay. 
It's the living room that best showcases Guido-Clark's attention to detail. Accents include an old glove form from Ivan Home in Berkeley on the Knoll Barcelona coffee-table and glittering D-R-E-A-M letters by Wendy Addison hanging from the mantel, flanked by a pair of whimsical sconces made of hand- blown grappa bottles, which Guido-Clark found in London. 
But as good as the room looks, the chairs and sofa are comfy, the accessory pieces touchable. 
"I want to feel that this is my house and we can live here, and I don't want my kids to feel this is a showcase," she says. 
That doesn't mean she doesn't agonize over every inch of material that covers it. Guido-Clark has almost finished the bathroom near Ellis' green-blue bedroom on the main floor, doing it up in soapstone and matte granite with a gigantic medicine cabinet to hold all clutter and a vintage crystal pendant fixture to offset the sharper finishes. But she's tortured by one wall. 
"I am my own worst client," she says. "I can't even tell you how long I spent looking for wallpaper for this wall. I want something that's different and not easy to find. ... It isn't that I don't know what I like. It's just such a personal thing, it takes longer." 
Too bad she can't treat herself like a real client; Thome says part of her brilliance is communicating and "stretching clients further than they want to go, without taking them too far." 
At this moment, for Guido-Clark, that means leading clients to color. 
"We've had this pragmatic period, but color is the story now," she says. "I think it represents a sense of optimism, individuality. We're revisiting teal, turquoise. Pink has become a neutral. Three or four years ago, no way, and now it's a best-seller." 
Next? Well, look out for where's-the-fire scarlet and screaming yellow. 
 
















 

























Most Popular






1

Man allegedly masturbating on BART placed under citizen’s...



2

‘Wonder Woman’ gives different perspective to an action movie



3

FBI: Utah man says he killed wife because she laughed at him



4

Man loses his pants at SF Zoo in online transaction gone awry



5

SF main library evacuated after person jumps off balcony



6

Republican bill to roll back health care law defeated



7

Bay Area bridges see dramatic increase in early morning...



8

McDonald's employee fired after he shares disgusting photos of...



9

Facebook cafeteria workers living in garage with 3 kids: What...



10

This signing of Pablo Sandoval could be genius














LATEST NEWS
 



Man loses his pants at SF Zoo in online transaction gone awry
SF main library evacuated after person jumps off balcony
Plane drops fire retardant on Sonoma Co. neighborhood
Gascón: Phone robberies cut in half after push for kill switch
Bay Area bridges see dramatic rise in a.m. congestion
21st Amendment may soon be sold in most of the US
SF punishes North Beach club for neighbors' complaints
Airbnb sued by woman allegedly assaulted by host

 

 




 









The thing each state hates the most
        










 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 






















Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Laura Ruth Clark


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Laura Ruth Clark can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy



























Distinctive Systems - Product Launches, Show News, Awards, Press Coverage and Company News











Home
About
Products


Coach Manager
charter & contract booking system

» Overview
» Key Features
» Pricing
» Screenshots
» Product Comparison
» Existing Client Websites
» Online Website Demos
» Coach Manager Connect



Tour Booking System
tour & day trip reservations

» Overview
» Key Features
» Pricing
» Screenshots
» Product Comparison
» Existing Client Websites
» Online Website Demos



Vehicle Maintenance System
maintenance planning & workshop management

» Overview
» Key Features
» Pricing
» Screenshots
» Product Comparison
» Downloads





News
Training
Events


Contact












 
 
 










Laura Clark Joins DSI


	Distinctive Systems Inc, a leading supplier of software to motorcoach, bus and tour companies in North America, is pleased to announce that Motorcoach Industry veteran, Laura Clark, has joined their team as a Support and Implementation Specialist.

	Laura’s career has spanned many years in the industry.  She has worked with outstanding Transportation Companies such as Horizon Coach Lines, Coach America, Coach USA and Evergreen Stage Line/Gray Line Portland.  Her primary roles with these companies has always been support and implementation of software systems.  Of late, she has been directly involved with supporting Executive Team members in a unique role that was created to help analyze, identify, weigh and prioritize business metrics that advanced her employer’s missions, values and focus.  This latest position has helped Laura to expand upon her support and training background enabling her to directly contribute to the increased profitability and success of her organization.   All of her unique qualifications and exemplary standards are a perfect match to the Distinctive Systems family.

	Laura sums up her decision to join Distinctive Systems by stating, “I have been supporting Distinctive Systems products for my previous employers for the past 10+ years and have always been impressed with the software, the support services and the integrity of the company.  I am very excited to be joining an organization that shares my passion for outstanding customer service and am looking forward to interacting with a variety of companies; assisting them in maximizing the benefits of Distinctive Systems software functionality.”

	Don Greenglass, President of Distinctive Systems Inc, commented, “Laura possesses an incredible ability to support the end user, a skill we have witnessed firsthand in her many years as a client of Distinctive Systems.  We are confident, and very excited, that Laura will help to enhance all Distinctive Systems clients’ experiences with our software products.  Laura’s background and capabilities will certainly enable our clients to grow the usage of our products as well as the efficiency and profitability of their individual companies.  This has always been a key tenant of our philosophy of providing the very best software products and the finest of support to the Motorcoach Industry.  We are thrilled to have Laura join our Support Services group.”

« Go Back



Events


24
Sep 17


Australasia Bus & Coach Expo 2017
The Gold Coast Convention Centre, Broadbeach, Queensland, Australia





04
Oct 17


New Zealand Bus & Coach Association Conference 2017
Energy Events Centre, Rotorua, New Zealand





04
Oct 17


Coach & Bus UK 2017
NEC, Birmingham, UK





06
Jan 18


UMA Motorcoach Expo 2018
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center, San Antonio, Texas, USA






Home
About
Products
News
Training
Events
Testimonials
Contact





        Other languages: Deutsch | Italiano


Web Design Yorkshire | Extreme Creations










