

RICHARD T MACHEMER - CLAY, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



CLAY



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            RICHARD T MACHEMER
                                    



 





















R 


RICHARD T MACHEMER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8313 HENRY CLAY BLVD CLAY, NY 13041
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $80,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts RICHARD T MACHEMER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Richard T Machemer is located at 8313 Henry Clay Blvd in Clay and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2004. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Richard Clay Thomas - CAMBRIDGE,OH | richard t clay | 20+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for richard t clay









Results from Intelius. Showing top 10 of 100+ results.






Premium Public Records for Richard T Clay found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Richard T Clay found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Richard T Clay and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Richard Thomas ClayCAMBRIDGE, OH
Cambridge,OHKnoxville,TN
174 ****  **** 161 **** 186 **** 
Age: 39yrs.
Leola ClayHomer ClayPauline ClayPaulene ClayJudy Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayCHICAGO HEIGHTS, IL
Chicago Heights,ILLansing,ILGriffith,INGary,INBlue Island,IL
170 **** 121 **** 121 **** 
Age: 85yrs.
Ann Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Thomas ClayYAWKEY, WV
Yawkey,WVSumerco,WVAlkol,WVGriffithsville,WV
130 **** 
Age: 53yrs.
 
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayWINSTON SALEM, NC
Winston Salem,NCTroutman,NC
133 **** 133 **** 170 **** 133 **** 
Age: 86yrs.
Deborah ClaySindy ClayJames ClayAnne ClayIrvin Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Thomas ClayKNOXVILLE, TN
Knoxville,TNCambridge,OHKipling,OH
174 **** 186 **** 186 **** 
Age: 67yrs.
Leola ClayHomer ClayPauline ClayPaulene ClayJudy Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayCAMBRIDGE, OH
Cambridge,OHKnoxville,TNByesville,OH
174 ****  **** 
Age: 39yrs.
Leola ClayHomer ClayJudy ClayPauline ClayPaulene Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayBETHLEHEM, PA
Bethlehem,PAFairfield,AL
161 **** 161 **** 161 **** 
Age: 88yrs.
Jane Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Todd ClayDUBLIN, CA
Dublin,CASan Ramon,CA
192 **** 192 ****  **** 
Age: 53yrs.
Julia ClayBrian Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayBROOKLINE, MA
Brookline,MALow Moor,VA
161 **** 
Age: 30yrs.
Catherine Taylor
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayINDIANAPOLIS, IN
Indianapolis,IN
131 **** 131 **** 
Age: 77yrs.
Staci ClayBobbie Clay
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from US Search. Showing top 10 of 100+ results.






Premium Public Records for name Richard T Clay found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Richard T Clay and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Richard T ClayINDIANAPOLIS, IN
1 Address(s) Found Indianapolis, IN
-
Age: 77yrs.  
Staci ClayBobbie Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayBLUE ISLAND, IL
6 Address(s) Found Blue Island, ILCountry Club Hills, ILGary, INGriffith, INLansing, ILChicago Heights, IL
-
Age: 85yrs.  
Ann Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Terry ClayNEWNAN, GA
1 Address(s) Found Newnan, GA
-
Age: 70yrs.  
Teri RosserKimberley ClayPauline Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Thomas ClayYAWKEY, WV
4 Address(s) Found Yawkey, WVGriffithsville, WVAlkol, WVSumerco, WV
-
Age: 53yrs.  
-
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Todd ClaySAN RAMON, CA
2 Address(s) Found San Ramon, CADublin, CA
-
Age: 53yrs.  
Julia ClayBrian Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayWINSTON SALEM, NC
2 Address(s) Found Winston Salem, NCTroutman, NC
-
Age: 86yrs.  
Deborah ClaySindy ClayJames ClayAnne ClayIrvin Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Thomas ClayKNOXVILLE, TN
2 Address(s) Found Knoxville, TNCambridge, OH
Tom Clay
Age: 39yrs.  
Leola ClayHomer ClayPauline ClayPaulene ClayJudy Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayFAIRFIELD, AL
2 Address(s) Found Fairfield, ALBethlehem, PA
-
Age: 88yrs.  
Jane Clay
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard T ClayLOW MOOR, VA
2 Address(s) Found Low Moor, VABrookline, MA
-
Age: 30yrs.  
Catherine Taylor
Get People Search Report  >>

Richard Thomas ClayCAMBRIDGE, OH
3 Address(s) Found Cambridge, OHKipling, OHKnoxville, TN
Tom Clay
Age: 67yrs.  
Leola ClayHomer ClayPauline ClayPaulene ClayJudy Clay
Get People Search Report  >>



Public Comments for richard t clay. 






Public comments related to name Richard T Clay are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Richard T Clay





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Richard T Clay - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-26-2017 07-25-2017 07-24-2017 07-23-2017 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Richard Clay Thomas - CAMBRIDGE,OH | richard t clay | 20+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for richard t clay are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for richard t clay are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.















Clay and Clay Products in  India



Clay and Clay Products in  India Search Advertise Free ListHome > Clay and Clay ProductsClay and Clay Products in IndiaFilter ByFilter ByCityStateChange CategoryRelated SearchRelated Search Maheshkumar Ghanshyam Das Jhotwara, Jaipur-Pot ShopClay and Clay Products View DetailsEvergreen Traders Bhosari, Pune-Wholesaler Of Rubber Bands, Hand Glows , Cello Tape, And China ClayClay and Clay Products View DetailsSponsored linksSunita Chanhan Potteries Dharavi, Mumbai-Manufacturing Of PotteryClay and Clay Products View DetailsGlacier Impex Private Limited Okhla, DelhiClay and Clay Products View DetailsSpiritual Search Birla Society Road, Mumbai-Clay Sculptures,God MurtiClay and Clay Products View DetailsJaipur India Blue Pottery Sanganer, JaipurClay and Clay Products View DetailsA K Products Tangra, Kolkata(Calcutta)-Raw China ClayClay and Clay Products View DetailsYogesh Matki Bhandar Kasba Peth, Pune-MatkiClay and Clay Products View DetailsSri Radhakrushna Clay Products Nagole, HyderabadClay and Clay Products View DetailsR S Pot Centre Jaipur-Flower Pot, Fancy PotClay and Clay Products View DetailsTerakots Sector - 62, Noida-Products Manufacturing And Exporting, Terracotta, Black Pottery, Blue Pottery, Red Clayware, Cerami... more..Clay and Clay Products View DetailsMukesh T Swami Kumbharwada, VadodaraClay and Clay Products View DetailsSomnath Pot Shop Kasba Peth, Pune-Retailer,Clay PotClay and Clay Products View DetailsM/S G B Badde Mine Belgaum-Clay ,China Clay, Moulding Clay, Filler Powder For Fertilisers ,Tennis Court ClayClay and Clay Products View DetailsAgrawal Lime And Mineral Near Petrol Pump, Agra-Chuna,Plaster Of Paries,Khadiya,Multani,Geru,Ramraj,Whiting,Selam Powder,Marble Powder,Bentonite,Ch... more..Clay and Clay Products View DetailsSri Raham Ceramics Velachery, Chennai-Ceramic Tiles Clay Tiles Designer Tiles Sonitarware Cp Firrings Sintex Door Kitchen SinksClay and Clay Products View DetailsHigh Tech Industries Dhanalakshmi Nagar, Coimbatore-Mfrs.Of Computer Furnitures,Wooden Tv Cabinets,Interior Decorators & ChairsClay and Clay Products View DetailsI Divid & Company Private Limited Shahid Bhagat Singh Road, Mumbai-Mfg Of Industrial Clay And MineralClay and Clay Products View DetailsGokaldas Liladhar & Sons Mazgaon, MumbaiClay and Clay Products View DetailsBharat Minerals Clive Row, Kolkata(Calcutta)-Clay China ClayClay and Clay Products View DetailsIndian Clay & Mineral Co Mazgaon, Mumbai-Mfg Of Clay & Mineral For Industrial WorkClay and Clay Products View DetailsHarish Clays Agra Road, Jaipur-Processing Of Ball Day/Supplies (Used In Soap,Detergents Etc)Clay and Clay Products View DetailsShirgaonkar Art Studio Andheri (E), Mumbai-Products Manufacturing And Exporting, Sculptures, StatuesClay and Clay Products View DetailsPravindchandra Narayandas Prajapati Raipur, Ahmedabad-All Types Of Water PotsClay and Clay Products View DetailsSamridhi Minerals & Chemicals Private Limited Industrial Area, Chandigarh-Products Exporting, Soap, Stone Powder, China ClayClay and Clay Products View DetailsRohit Matki Bhandar Kasba Peth, Pune-Pot (Matki)Clay and Clay Products View DetailsJalaram Potters Dharavi, Mumbai-PottersClay and Clay Products View DetailsGoa Pofferies Bicholim, Goa-Potters & CreaftsmanClay and Clay Products View DetailsClay House Trimurti Nagar, NagpurClay and Clay Products View DetailsTejas Matka Bhandar Kumbharwada, Pune-Patery WorkClay and Clay Products View DetailsNext  Sponsored linksServicesAdd Your Listing Advertise With Us   City Wise FilterAgra - (2) Ahmedabad - (8) Bangalore - (11) Belgaum - (1) Bhopal - (1) Bhubhaneswar - (1) Bhuj - (6) Chandigarh - (2) Chennai - (7) Coimbatore - (2) Delhi - (16) Ghaziabad - (2) Goa - (2) Gurgaon - (3) Hyderabad - (6) Indore - (1) Jaipur - (16) Jalandhar - (1) Kanpur - (2) Kochi - (1) Kolhapur - (1) Kolkata(Calcutta) - (9) Lucknow - (1) Mangalore - (2) Mumbai - (34) Nagpur - (1) Noida - (3) Pune - (21) Rajkot - (2) Surat - (1) Thane - (3) Vadodara - (4) Valsad - (1) Vijaywada - (1) state Wise FilterAndhra-Pradesh - (7) Gujarat - (22) Maharashtra - (60) Orissa - (1) Punjab-&-Haryana - (6) 


ET Clay Products Ltd :: Brick News - ET Bricks























        Please wait
        














              Easy delivery



              Brick terminology



              Current vacancies



              Downloads



              Articles



              Humour

























              Signature brick range



              Forticrete Stone



              Special shape bricks



              Exclusive wirecut facing bricks



              Indian sandstone



              Technical Support





















 
            Home















 
            About Us


















 
            Easy delivery















 
            Brick terminology















 
            Current vacancies















 
            Downloads















 
            Articles















 
            Humour















 
            Products


















 
            Signature brick range















 
            Forticrete Stone















 
            Special shape bricks















 
            Exclusive wirecut facing bricks















 
            Indian sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Golden Fossil Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Harvest Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Heather Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Graphite Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Promenade Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Autumn Brown Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Lakeland Sandstone















 
            Indian sandstone - Carbon Black Limestone















 
            Indian sandstone - Steel Blue Limestone















 
            Technical Support















 
            Brick Matching Service















 
            Brick Selector















          News
        














 
            Contact Us















 
            Credit Application





































 
            Home





















 
            About Us





















 
            Products





















 
            Brick Matching Service





















 
            Brick Selector





















          News
        




















 
            Contact Us





















 
            Credit Application

































Heritage Tiles are now offering a 50 Year guarantee on selected ranges of Handmade Roof Tiles.
We are proud to announce that ET Clay has been awarded the  ISO9001:2008 Quality Certificate.
ET Clay are proud to announce that Jo Mills from Keymer Handmade Clay Tiles has joined Heritage Clay Tiles Ltd as Area Sales Manager.
ET Clay were proud to be the main sponsors of the 2014 RIBA East Design Awards.
Stapleford Red Mix and New Kingsville Mixture wirecut facing bricks are our sister bricks to Takeley and Lambourne wirecut facing bricks.
Lambourne and Takeley Exclusive Range - December 2013
September 2013 - ET Clay's New Offices
ET Clay Products joins Millionaires Row
ET Clay Sponsor East Midlands Rugby Union Referee Society California Trip 2012
Solus Range continues to Grow
ET Clay "Top of the Class" at Ibstock Brick University - November 2011
Estuary Multi Yellow Reclaimed – November 2011.
ET Clay Product Showroom – October 2011.
Heritage Tiles News - June 2011
New Depot in Minworth - April 2011


 


Heritage Tiles are now offering a 50 Year guarantee on selected ranges of Handmade Roof Tiles

Heritage Tiles have always supplied exceptionally high quality products but now they can back that up by offering a 50 year guarantee on selected ranges of Traditional Handmade Clay Roof Tiles.



  Please click here for more details



We are proud to announce that ET Clay has been awarded the  ISO9001:2008 Quality Certificate


ISO 9001 QUALITY AWARD FOR ET CLAY PRODUCTS


Following an assessment by an independent organisation, E T Clay Products has been successful in achieving ISO 9001 Certification.


This Internationally recognised prestigious award is an International Standard in use worldwide as the benchmark for quality. The award recognises E T Clay Products' commitment to an exceptional quality of service. With only around 3% of UK business holding this Certificate, E T Clay Products are now at the forefront of quality service and customer care.


Said a delighted Melvyn Hillstead Managing Director "We have always been proud of the service we offer our clients. Now with the award of ISO 9001, this has been confirmed by outside experts who are used to judging service on a daily basis in a wide variety of trades and industries."


CQS Certified Quality Systems who undertook the assessment paid particular tribute to the investment in people and training that enables E T Clay Products to provide an efficient service to their customers.



  ET Clay Products Ltd are now progressing to ISO9001 :2015 to achieve even higher standards of care. Click this link for more details.



ET Clay are proud to announce that Jo Mills from Keymer Handmade Clay Tiles has joined Heritage Clay Tiles Ltd as Area Sales Manager




Jo Mills has worked for Keymer Handmade Tiles for the last 17 years. Whilst at Keymer, Jo gained a great deal of knowledge about the manufacturing process, through to the craftsmanship and laying of a handmade keymer tile. 


Jo has a customer base that includes architects, roofing contractors and roofing merchants. 



ET Clay were proud to be the main sponsors of the 2014 RIBA East Design Awards

ET Clay Products sponsored the Architect of the Year which was won by Cowper Griffths Architects.


Heritage Clay Tiles sponsored Small Project Award won by 5th Studio. 


Solar Cube sponsored the Sustainability Award won by Allies & Morrison.
















Please click on the images above for a larger view.



Stapleford Red Mix and New Kingsville Mixture wirecut facing bricks - February 2014

ET Clay Products is pleased to announce two further additions to their range of premium quality bricks.  The New Kingsville Mix and Stapleford Red Mix Wirecut Facing Bricks are sister bricks to the Lambourne Red Multi Wirecut Facings and Takeley Blend Wirecut Facings. In today's marketplace, the availability of Best Quality Wirecut Facings is on a very extended delivery time, we have sourced these two bricks (which compliment each other) with a view to fill the gap in the marketplace.  They are exclusive to us and are readily available for immediate delivery to your sites.




  Kingsville mix wirecut facing brick
  




  Stapleford red wirecut facing brick 
  



Lambourne and Takeley Exclusive Range - December 2013

ET Clay Products is pleased to announce two further additions to their solus range.  Lambourne Red Multi Wirecut Facings and Takeley Blend Wirecut Facings.  In today's marketplace, the availability of Best Quality Wirecut Facings is on a very extended delivery time, we have sourced these two bricks (which compliment each other) with a view to fill the gap in the marketplace.  They are exclusive to us and are readily available for immediate delivery to your sites.




  Lambourne red multi wirecut facing brick 
  




  Takeley blend wirecut facing brick 
  



September 2013 - ET Clay's New Offices


ET Clay this week has successfully moved both their sales and accounts offices from Hainault to South Ockendon.  The move has allowed for the merger of both the Hainault and Aveley depots to merge into one super depot, to match the Minworth depot in the West Midlands.


By merging the two Essex depots with the sales team will give customers a greater service, as the team will have quick access to the stock profile.  Office Sales Manager, David Blitz said, "We are all really excited about the move, which will enable my team to enhance our brick knowledge and to be able to give a quicker response to our customer."


The complete move will hopefully be completed by January 2014 with the relocation of the trade counter within the same facilities.



ET Clay Products joins Millionaires Row

ET Clay products has recently won an order for over 1 million facing bricks for a Major Social Housing Project in Barking, East London. 



The project for 252 units starts in September 2012 with completion scheduled early 2013. Working closely with Main Contractor Jerram Falkus Construction Ltd,
ET Clay Area Sales Manager Barry Ault secured the order  for 1.2 million TBS Grantchester Blend .
The project will be managed by Chris Love, ET Clay Specification Manager who will be liaising with the site manager and manufacturer to ensure smooth completion of the project.
Chris  said, �This is a great project for us to be involved in and something that Barry has been working on for a long time.  The logistics of this site mean that  1-2 deliveries will be needed each day which will require careful planning.�



ET Clay Sponsor East Midlands Rugby Union Referee Society California Trip 2012


Richard Parrish E T Clay Sales Agent was selected by the East Midlands Rugby Union Referee Society along with
Max Barnard a 25 year old up and coming referee to go on exchange visit to Northern California to referee and coach USA youth rugby games.


ET Clay were delighted to be able to sponsor Richards kit for the trip where as well as helping develop youth rugby Richard was able to enjoy 
visiting Pebble Beach Golf Links and Yosemite Falls.


He was also able go to a few saloons to try out the local Oysters and clam chowder and several road soda's as rugby players do.


Finally both Richard and Max refereed two top games, EPA Bulldogs vs Sacramento Lions and
All Blues Ladies vs Sacramento Amazons Ladies, Richard had a great time and has made some new friends for life.



Solus Range continues to Grow

ET Clay Products are pleased to announce a further three additions to their Solus range. The Tyneham Restoration Red Imperial, Topaz and Sawston Buff.  
These join the Estuary Yellow Reclaimed and fulfil the need for a Soft Red Imperial brick, Traditional Red Multi Stock and a Light Buff Textured Stock brick.




  Sawston Buff Brick. 
  




  Topaz Brick. 
  




  Tyneham Restoration Red. 
  



ET Clay “Top of the Class” at Ibstock Brick University - November 2011

ET Clay sent two delegates to this year’s Ibstock Brick University Course in November.  The course hopes to develop the individuals knowledge in the following areas; Materials and Manufacture, Special Shapes, Complaint Resolution and Innovative Products.  The 3 day technical training programme was attended by 12 delegates including ones from Ibstock Brick as well as several brick distributers.

Hayley Baker Assistant Sales Office Manager scored an impressive pass mark of 80% which was only surpassed by Brad White, Sales Office Manager who topped the class with score of 90%, he said ‘It was a great course which gave a really interesting insight into Ibstock and the way they manufacture products.  Having completed it I am keen to put my new found knowledge to the test.’  


ET Clay Products are committed to developing the technical knowledge of our Key Sales Staff and as such hope to continue to send delegates to the University in future years. 



Hayley Baker and Bradley White at the Ibstock Brick University Course in November. 


 



Estuary Multi Yellow Reclaimed – November 2011 

ET Clay Products are pleased to announce the launch of an exciting London Yellow Stock Brick.  The Estuary Multi Yellow Reclaimed has been manufactured to replicate the popular look of traditional reclaimed stock.  This new facing brick joins the Stratford Yellow Multi, Ashpark Yellow Multi as competitive alternatives to genuine reclaim bricks. 


Procurement Director Mark Elliott said, "This is a fantastic opportunity for us and we are pleased to offer this product exclusively to our customers. 


For more information please contact the sales office on 01708 200 304 or email sales@etbricks.co.uk



Estuary Multi Yellow Reclaimed Brick. 



ET Clay Self Build Centre and Showroom – October 2011

The showroom enables us to offer all our customers a chance to view our full range under one roof whilst allowing us to support with the planning and project management of th development. 


ET Clay are pleased to announce the opening of our Showroom at our Aveley Depot. The Showroom which offers developers, architects and builders the chance to sample our product range which
includes; Bricks, Special Shapes, Solar Panels, Hand Made Tiles and Architectural Special Shapes. The Showroom enables us to offer developers, architects and self builders the opportunity
to review our products and for us to help with the planning and project management of the development.; 



Self Build Centre and Showroom at our Aveley Depot. 




Heritage News 

Heritage Clay Tiles are proud to have a new Handmade tile within their range. The Abbey Restoration is a Handmade tile to add to our ever increasing range. 



The Abbey Restoration Handmade Tile. 


For more information on Heritage Clay Tiles please contact 01474 560 278 or email enquiries@heritagetiles.co.uk



Minworth Depot now Open – February 2011 

ET Clay are pleased to announce the opening of our newest depot in Minworth, West Midlands. The Minworth depot will support our customers throughout the Midlands and North of the Country.  Mark Cockayne Depot Manager said, "This is an exciting venture for ET Clay and will bring a new dimension to our current customers across the country." 



The New Minworth Brick Depot. 


For more information about our Minworth Depot contact us by telephone on 0121 351 5991 or email Minworth@theetgroup.co.uk









        e: sales@etbricks.co.uk




      t: 01708 200 304
      





      t: 01708 200 304
      



        e: sales@etbricks.co.uk






        Articles
     : 
      
        Website map





        Articles


        Website map





                          Building Services
      
             | 
                          Building Merchants
      
             | 
                          Building Supplies
      
             | 
                          Wall Brick
      
             | 
                          Red Brick
      
             | 
                          DIY UK
      
             | 
                          Building Materials
      
             | 
                          Materials for Building
      
             | 
                          House Brick
      
             | 
                          Building Products
      
             | 
                          Insulation Materials
      
             | 
                          Cheap Bricks





          Website designed and hosted by AFM Web Design









Richard Notkin - Ceramic Sculptural Techniques Workshop - MudFire Clayworks in Atlanta-Decatur, Georgia





























































Successfully added product.    0 items in your cart. Total: $0.00






            Your browser currently has JavaScript disabled. Please enable it for the best viewing and shopping experience.
        




 


























Atlanta's Pottery Center


MEMBERSHIP
CLASSES
MADE
PARTIES
MAPS
HOURS
CAMP
ABOUT
CONTACT



Cart is empty.


LOGIN / 
                                REGISTER






 




                   Summer Camp Registration is Live on Facebook or Call 404-377-8033 to schedule!



Home 
>> Workshops
>> Workshops - Past
        >> Richard Notkin Workshop 
                                                    

















Stop by to shop local, buy handmade, and support local artists. Join now for $99. 404-377-8033 Shop local artists at our holiday sale Saturday November 26th from 11am - 6pm and Saturday December 3 11am - 6pm. Holiday sale runs through December 23rd. Click Here to Support our Fundraiser to send our Staffers to NCECA via Indiegogo!





WORKSHOPS LINKS

Travel Information
Ticket Policies, Refunds
Workshops Listing












STAY UP TO DATE


MUDFIRE

                                175 Laredo Drive
                                Decatur, GA  30030
                                

                                info@mudfire.com
                                

                                phone: 404-377-8033
                                

MORE ON MUDFIRE

Shop By Artist
Buy Membership
Gift Certificates
Date Night
Hours
FAQ'S
Links
Paint




SOCIALIZE




MudFire



SHARE











FOUNDERS' WEBSITES

Luba's Site
Erik's Site






 



Richard Notkin Workshop
Ceramic Art / Sculptural Teapots:
A Plethora of Innovative Techniques - 2008

            Over the past 40 years, Richard Notkin has established a reputation as an artist who follows his own passions, and not the prevailing winds of doctrine. This intensive, fast-paced three-day workshop will cover the diverse technical and aesthetic approaches which Notkin uses to create his unique works in clay. Throughout the workshop, Notkin will discuss various aesthetic considerations, including: format and compositional devices, alteration and metamorphosis of form and imagery, choice of scale, creating a narrative, etc.
        

            The first day of the workshop will consist of several hands-on sessions, and will provide the students with unique working experiences, challenging each to explore clay in unusual and unexpected ways. Day one class size 18. All levels welcome.
        

            The second and third days will mostly consist of various demonstrations and slide lectures by Richard, covering a wide range of aesthetic and technical information, including: handbuilding, small- and large-scale carving, surface textures and detailing, clay body alterations through the addition of non-ceramic materials, clay layering techniques, plaster mold-making, slip-casting and press-molding, and more. By encouraging participants to think beyond the traditional parameters of the standard pottery studio, this workshop is designed to expand the aesthetic and technical horizons for beginning through advanced students, as well as the professional ceramist. Day two class size 35. All levels welcome.
        

            Participants may register for Day One hands on for $135, Days 2-3 demonstration for $135, or the full workshop for $270.
        


Share
|








 


Artist talk w/slides

            May 15, 2008, 7:00 pm
            Free to the public
        
Three day Workshop

            Day 1
Hands On
May 16, 2008
10:00 am - 5:00 pm
 
Day 2+3
Demonstrations
May 17-18, 2008
            10:00 am - 5:00 pm
        
This workshop has passed and is no longer available.  Check out some of our Upcoming Workshops













Richard Notkin Bio

            Notkin, Richard (b. 1948, Chicago, IL, lives in Helena, MT). A full-time studio artist in Helena, MT, Notkin's teapots, ceramic sculptures and tile murals are visual explorations into social and political commentary. Through the 1960's, 70's and 80's, when large scale abstract expressionist vessels and gestural ceramic sculptures were the rage in contemporary American ceramics, Notkin worked with a tightly controlled, high degree of craftsmanship, creating works which were often criticized as being too small, tight and precious. He took this as a compliment. He is perhaps most known for his series of unglazed stoneware teapots, inspired by the remarkable Yixing wares of China (circa 1500 AD to the present), but consciously maintaining a separate cultural identity, "reflecting the current dilemmas of our contemporary human civilization".
        

For over three and a half decades, his work has been exhibited internationally, and is in numerous public and private collections, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC; Los Angeles County Museum of Art; Victoria and Albert Museum, London; and Shigaraki Ceramic Cultural Park, Japan. Notkin's awards include three fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts, and fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation.






Richard Notkin Artist Statement

            We have stumbled into the 21st Century with the advanced technologies of "Star Wars" and the emotional maturity of cavemen. If we can't find more creative solutions to solving worldwide social and political problems than sending young men and women to shred and incinerate one another's flesh with weapons of ever increasing efficiency, we will not survive to celebrate the passage into the 22nd century. And to make a dangerous situation worse, our country and too many of our fragile planet's nations are now in the hands of right wing thugs and fundamentalist tyrants who are fumbling the planet towards World War III.
        

It is for these reasons, and far more, that I have chosen to continue to make ceramic sculptures which reflect on the social and political dilemmas of our world. As Andr� Malraux observed, "Art is a revolt against man's fate." Need I say more?







 



Richard Notkin Resume
Select One Person Exhibitions:

 2006, Elizabeth Leach Gallery, Portland, OR
 2003, Garth Clark Gallery, New York, NY (also 2000, 1997, 1995, 1993, 1991, 
 1988, 1987, 1985)
 2001, Margo Jacobsen Gallery, Portland, OR
 1999, "Passages" (A Ceramic Installation), Yellowstone Art Museum, Billings, 
 MT and traveling: Paris Gibson Square Museum of Art, Great Falls, MT; (2000) 
 Holter Museum of Art, Helena, MT (catalog) 
 1997, University of Montana, Missoula, MT
 1996, Byron Cohen/Lennie Berkowitz Gallery, Kansas City, MO
 1992, Garth Clark Gallery, Los Angeles, CA (also 1990, 1988, 1984)
 1990, "Strong Tea: Richard Notkin and the Yixing Tradition", Seattle Art 
 Museum, WA + traveling: University of Missouri-Kansas City; Honolulu Academy 
 of Art; Schneider Museum of Art, Ashland, OR; Crocker Art Museum, Sacramento; 
 The Newark Museum, NJ; Everson Museum of Art, Syracuse, NY (catalog)
 Garth Clark Gallery, Kansas City, MO
 1988, Lawrence Gallery, Portland, OR
 1987, Esther Saks Gallery, Chicago, IL
 1985, Traver Sutton Gallery, Seattle, WA
 1981, Quay Gallery, San Francisco, CA
 1981, Museum of Art, University of Oregon, Eugene, OR
 1975, Allan Frumkin Gallery, Chicago, IL
        
Select Public Collections:

 Aichi Prefectural Ceramic Museum, Seto, Japan 
 Arizona State University Museum of Art, Tempe, AZ 
 Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh, PA
 Cooper-Hewitt Museum, New York, NY 
 Everson Museum of Art, Syracuse, NY 
 The George R. Gardiner Museum of Ceramic Art, Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
 Kunstindustrimuseet, Oslo, Norway 
 Los Angeles County Museum of Art, CA 
 Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, NY 
 National Collection of Fine Arts, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC
 Nelson Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City, MO 
 Newark Museum of Art, NJ 
 Nordenfjeldske Kunstindustrimuseum, Trondheim, Norway
 Portland Art Museum, OR
 Seattle Art Museum, WA
 Shigaraki Ceramic Cultural Park, Japan 
 Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
 Victoria and Albert Museum, London, England 
        
Grants and Fellowships:

2006, Jerry Metcalf Foundation, Helena, Montana - Artist Fellowship (also 
 1999)
 1991, Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation - Fellowship
 1990, John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation - Fellowship in Sculpture
 1988, National Endowment for the Arts - Visual Artist Fellowship (also 1981, 
 1979)
 1985, Oregon Arts Commission - Individual Artist Fellowships
 1976, Western States Arts Foundation - Artist Fellowship
        














 
 
 
 



Copyright © 2002-2017 MudFire, Inc.
All Rights Reserved. Use of this website confirms acceptance of the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Make pots not war, and have a stellar day!



info@mudfire.com




Home | 
                    Studio | 
                    Gallery | 
                    Workshops | 
                    Lessons | 
                    Maps | 
                    Classes | 
                    Calendar | 
                    About | 
                    Contact |
                    FAQs | 
                    Paint | 
                    Merchandise | 
                    Gift Options | 
                    
                                            Your cart is empty.  SHOP NOW | 
                                                                                            LOGIN | 
                            REGISTER





 




MudFire
        Atlanta's Pottery Studio
        Copyright © 2002-2014 MudFire, Inc.
    


        MudFire
        175 Laredo Drive
        Decatur, GA 30030



        www.mudfire.com
        info@mudfire.com
        phone: 404-377-8033



 

























structural clay products | Britannica.com

































Encyclopædia Britannica




Subscribe






Log In · Join






Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies




Search Britannica








What are you looking for?

Search






Browse popular topics:

Rutherford atomic model
communism
Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010
Renaissance
Nelson Mandela











Structural clay products


Written By:
Thomas O. Mason


See Article History






 






Related Topics


brick and tile


industrial ceramics


concrete


glass


metal


naval stores


plastic


tile


wood


metamaterial



Structural clay products, ceramic products intended for use in building construction. Typical structural clay products are building brick, paving brick, terra-cotta facing tile, roofing tile, and drainage pipe. These objects are made from commonly occurring natural materials, which are mixed with water, formed into the desired shape, and fired in a kiln in order to give the clay mixture a permanent bond. Finished structural clay products display such essential properties as load-bearing strength, resistance to wear, resistance to chemical attack, attractive appearance, and an ability to take a decorative finish.In this article the raw materials, properties, and general applications of structural clay products are reviewed. At certain points reference is made to industrial processes employed in the manufacture of structural clay products; for more detailed description of these processes, the reader is referred to the article traditional ceramics.Raw materials and processingStructural clay products are made from 35 to 55 percent clays or argillaceous (clayey) shales, 25 to 45 percent quartz, and 25 to 55 percent feldspar. As with all traditional ceramic products, the clay portion acts as a former, providing shaping ability; the quartz (silica) serves as a filler, providing strength to the formed object; and the feldspar serves as a fluxing agent, lowering the melting temperatures of the clay and quartz during firing. The proportions cited above are often found directly in shale deposits, so that blending is often not necessary. In addition, little or no beneficiation, or crushing and grinding of the mined material, is employed. Local clays or shales of highly variable composition are used in order to keep transportation costs as low as possible. The colour of the finished product derives from impurities, most notably iron oxides, present in the raw materials. Colours can range from buff and other light shades of brown through red to black, depending upon whether an oxidizing or reducing atmosphere exists in the kiln.






Similar Topics


industrial ceramics


materials processing


materials science


metamaterial


wood


materials testing


metal


glass


semiconductor


naval stores



In the processing of structural clay products, stiff-mud plastic-forming operations predominate—for example, pressing operations for brick and extrusion for brick or pipe (see Figure 1). These processes are described in the article traditional ceramics. Formed objects are usually fired in continuous conveyor belt or railcar operations, with the ware, as it traverses the tunnel kiln, proceeding from room temperature into a hot zone and finally to a cooler zone at the other end.PropertiesThe properties exhibited by structural clay products are determined by particle size, firing temperature, and ultimate microstructure. Compared with finer ceramic products such as whitewares, much coarser filler particles are used, and lower firing temperatures are employed—typically in the range of 1,050° to 1,100° C (approximately 1,925° to 2,000° F). At such low temperatures the filler particles (usually crushed quartz) are normally not affected. Instead, the clay or shale ingredients contain sufficient impurities to melt and form a glass, thus bonding the particles together. As is the case with whitewares, crystalline mullite needles grow into this glassy phase. The resulting microstructure consists of large secondary particles embedded in a matrix of fine-grained mullite and glass—all containing a substantial volume of large pores.Because of the presence of large and small particles in their microstructures, fired clay products have relatively high compressive strengths. This ability to bear relatively heavy loads without fracture is the prime property qualifying these products for structural applications. The size and number of pores is also important. If underfired, structural clay products have low strength and poor resistance to frost and freezing, owing to the presence of many small pores in the clay regions. Overfired ware, on the other hand, has too much glass. It is strong but brittle and is susceptible to failure under mechanical and thermal stress. Furthermore, it is impossible to obtain a good bond when glassy products are used with mortars. Small pores and high glass content are desirable, however, when chemical resistance and imperviousness to water penetration are required.Products







				Britannica Stories





Demystified / Science
									Do Lie Detectors Actually Work?










Spotlight / Arts & Culture
									Normality Is a Paved Road: The Tumultuous Life of Vincent van Gogh










Spotlight / History
									That’s a Wrap: Methods of Mummification










Demystified / Literature & Language
									Lay, Lie, Lied, Lain: When Do We Use Which?










By some estimates structural clay products make up as much as 50 percent of the entire ceramics market. The industry is highly conservative, with development aimed primarily at automation and labour minimization rather than the introduction of new products.
Test Your Knowledge


Geography and Science: Fact or Fiction?

There is a wide variety of structural clay products, broadly classified as facing materials, load-bearing materials, paving materials, roofing tile, and chemically resistant materials. Examples of facing materials are face brick, terra-cotta, brick veneer, sculptured brick, glazed brick and tile, and decorative brick. Building brick, hollow brick, and structural tile for floors and walls are examples of load-bearing materials. Paving materials include light traffic pavers, quarry tile, and paving brick—this last product once in more common use than at present. Roofing tiles are quite common in many parts of the world, red and black colours being of particular note. Chemically resistant materials include sewer pipe, industrial floor brick, drain tile, flue liners, chimney brick, and chemical stoneware.The manufacture, properties, and uses of brick and tile are covered in detail in the article brick and tile.

Learn More in these related articles:
building construction the techniques and industry involved in the assembly and erection of structures, primarily those used to provide shelter. Read Moretraditional ceramics ceramic materials that are derived from common, naturally occurring raw materials such as clay minerals and quartz sand. Through industrial processes that have been practiced in some form for centuries, these materials are made into such familiar products as china tableware, clay brick and tile,...Read Morebrick and tile structural clay products, manufactured as standard units, used in building construction. Read More


Additional Reading

Article Contributors

Article History







                Feedback
            


Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article!
Contact our editors with your feedback.














IntroductionRaw materials and processingPropertiesProducts



Keep Exploring Britannica




The Stuff That Things Are Made Of
Take this Materials and Components Quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of the ingredients in gunpowder, plastic, and other materials.


            Take this Quiz





artificial intelligence (AI)
AI the ability of a digital computer or computer-controlled robot to perform tasks commonly associated with intelligent beings. The term is frequently applied to the project of developing systems endowed...


            Read this Article





10 Inventions That Changed Your World
You may think you can’t live without your tablet computer and your cordless electric drill, but what about the inventions that came before them? Humans have been innovating since the dawn of time to get...


            Read this List





computer science
the study of computers, including their design (architecture) and their uses for computations, data processing, and systems control. The field of computer science includes engineering activities such...


            Read this Article





computer
device for processing, storing, and displaying information. Computer once meant a person who did computations, but now the term almost universally refers to automated electronic machinery. The first section...


            Read this Article





television (TV)
TV the electronic delivery of moving images and sound from a source to a receiver. By extending the senses of vision and hearing beyond the limits of physical distance, television has had a considerable...


            Read this Article





Building Blocks of Everyday Objects
Take this material and components quiz at encyclopedia britannica to test your knowledge of the different substances used in glass, cigars, mahogany, and other objects.


            Take this Quiz





steel
alloy of iron and carbon in which the carbon content ranges up to 2 percent (with a higher carbon content, the material is defined as cast iron). By far the most widely used material for building the...


            Read this Article





7 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Inventors
Since 1790 there have been more than eight million patents issued in the U.S. Some of them have been given to great inventors. Thomas Edison received more than 1,000. Many have been given to ordinary people...


            Read this List





Before the E-Reader: 7 Ways Our Ancestors Took Their Reading on the Go
The iPhone was released in 2007. E-books reached the mainstream in the late 1990s. Printed books have been around since the 1450s. But how did writing move around before then? After all, a book—electronic...


            Read this List





Technological Ingenuity
Take this Technology Quiz at Enyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of machines, computers, and various other technological innovations.


            Take this Quiz





automobile
a usually four-wheeled vehicle designed primarily for passenger transportation and commonly propelled by an internal-combustion engine using a volatile fuel. Automotive design The modern automobile is...


            Read this Article




View More













MEDIA FOR:
structural clay products


Previous

Next









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest


 
 
 



 
Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email
 



To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Edit Mode





Structural clay products


 Tips for Editing
Leave Edit Mode
Submit




Table of Contents











Tips For Editing



            We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
        


Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)


            Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
        









Submit




Thank You for Your Contribution!


Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.






Uh Oh


There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close













Menu



Home
Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies

Login
Join











                    Contents
                

Contents




Structural clay products









                            View All Media
                            
	                            (1 Image)
                            






Media



Print


Print
	   Please select which sections you would like to print:
	   







Cite




Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




Feedback



Feedback

				Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article
			     (requires login).
			 

Select feedback type:

Select a type (Required)
Factual Correction
Spelling/Grammar Correction
Link Correction
Additional Information
Other




Submit Feedback

If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode  (requires login).


Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

                 Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
             



share
Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email










Search
















Email this page






Email to





Email from





Subject





Comments







Cancel
Send





×































Clay Richard T - Golden Queen Mining Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsClay Richard TGolden Queen Mining (GQMNF)Ten Percent Owner Not RankedClay Richard T's PerformanceClay Richard T has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Golden Queen Mining (GQMNF)$1MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesGolden Queen Mining (GQMNF): Ten Percent OwnerSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Golden Queen Mining (GQMNF)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Nov 30, 2016 - TodayGain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Clay Richard T's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateGQMNFGolden Queen MiningTen Percent Owner$1,180,655Informative Buy(undisclosed)Nov 30, 2016Clay Richard T has not reported any informative transactions for GQMNF, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Nov 30, 2016 Informative Buy (undisclosed) 2,312,928 $0.607 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by



























CLAY PRODUCTS - WikiEducator






















CLAY PRODUCTS

From WikiEducator


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Contents

1 THEORY
2 Specific Objectives
3 Content
4 PRACTICE
5 Specific Objectives
6 Content
7 Competences
8 Competencies

8.1 Suggested Teaching/Learning Resources


9 Reading

9.1 Suggested Learning Activities
9.2 Suggested Teaching/Learning Resources


10 Reading

10.1 Suggested Assessment Methods


11 Assessment

11.1 UNIT LESSON




THEORY


Specific Objectives







Objectives


By the end of the sub-module unit, the trainee should be able to:


describe the various types of clay products and their appropriate uses 

describe the manufacturing process of clay products 

explain the various glazes applied to clay products 

state the properties of clay products 

outline the procedure of testing clay products






Content







Key points



Types 


-	bricks 
-	blocks 
-	roofing tiles 
-	flooring tiles 
-	wall tiles 
-	pipes and fittings 


Manufacturing process 


-	raw materials 
-	ratios 
-	process 


Glazes 


-	salt glazing 
-	opaque glazing 
-	porcelain enameling 


Properties of clay products 


-	tests procedures 
-	water absorption 
-	salt content 
-	compressive strength 
-	chemical resistance






PRACTICE


Specific Objectives







Objectives


By the end of the sub-module unit, the trainee should be able to:


select appropriate clay products for a given task

carry out laboratory tests on clay products for a given task






Content







Key points



Selection of  appropriate clay products 

Laboratory tests 


-	water absorption 
-	salt content 
-	compressive strength 
-	chemical resistance





Competences






Competencies


Ability to:


Mix required ingredients to produce a quality clay product 

Test clay products in a laboratory







Suggested Teaching/Learning Resources







Reading



Text books 

Sample clay products








Suggested Learning Activities








Activity



Discussion 

Lectures









Suggested Teaching/Learning Resources







Reading



Textbooks 

Materials








Suggested Assessment Methods







Assessment



Oral 

Written tests 

Observation







UNIT LESSON

Types

Manufacturing process

Glazes

Properties of clay products




 
				Retrieved from "http://wikieducator.org/index.php?title=CLAY_PRODUCTS&oldid=267054"				
 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log inRequest account 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion





Variants








Views

Read
View source
View history



Actions






Search


 







Navigation


Main Page
Recent changes
Help
Practice editing




Community


Community portal
Web chat
Mailing list




Print/export


Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version




Tools


What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Special pages
Permanent link
Page information







 This page was last modified on 9 January 2009, at 06:36.
This page has been accessed 6,223 times.
Content is available under the Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike License unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About WikiEducator
Disclaimers























Architectural Clay Products, Inc.
















 




















   Architectural Clay Products, Inc. is a major wholesale distributor of brick, tile and allied products representing approximately 50+ domestic and foreign manufacturers. Primary clients include: Architects, designers, builders, contractors and homeowners in the Western Pennsylvania area. We have an extensive showroom and warehouse on the North Shore of Pittsburgh, PA. After viewing our web site, if you have any questions, or care to meet one of our product specialists in person, please contact us. 
   




1025 Beaver Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15233	p: (412) 322-0700  f: (412) 322-0707






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















 






Clay Richard Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Clay Richard Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Clay's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Clay Richard's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Clay Richard's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Clay Richard 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Clay’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailClay’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Clay’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Clay is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Clay’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Clay is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Clay's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Clay's background in the comforts of home.
Clay will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Clay's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Clay Richard, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Clay's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























