

Clough Global


























Shareholder Login | Glossary

toggle menu












Read the Latest Quarterly  Letter from Chuck Clough

Sign-up for the Quarterly Letter

Shareholder Login


Open-End Funds 
Closed-End Funds 
Clough China Fund 









GLV
Clough Global Dividend and Income Fund
Net Asset Value (NAV): $14.64 NAV Change: $0.02 
Closing Price: $13.85 
Fund Details
Fund Details



Closing Price
 



as of 07/21/2017


GLQ
Clough Global Equity Fund
Net Asset Value (NAV): $14.09 NAV Change: $0.03 
Closing Price: $13.24 
Fund Details
Fund Details



Closing Price
 





GLO
Clough Global Opportunities Fund
Net Asset Value (NAV): $11.84 NAV Change: $0.02 
Closing Price: $11.14 
Fund Details
Fund Details



Closing Price
 







Class A
Clough Global Long/Short Fund (CLOAX)
Net Asset Value (NAV): $10.43NAV Change: $0.02
Fund Details
Fund Details



as of 07/21/2017

Class C
Clough Global Long/Short Fund (CLOCX)
Net Asset Value (NAV): $10.35NAV Change: $0.02
Fund Details
Fund Details



Class I
Clough Global Long/Short Fund (CLOIX)
Net Asset Value (NAV): $10.49NAV Change: $0.02
Fund Details
Fund Details





Click here to be redirected to cloughchinafund.com






Fund Overview
Fund Performance
Fund Holdings
Recent Dividends






















 "A rising consumer base is creating new opportunities in China" -Chuck Clough  Clough China Funds



View the  Latest Fund  Factsheets

Download Now


 CLOAX                        






 GLV                        






 GLQ                        






 GLO                        



















"Announcing the new Clough Global Long/Short Fund" Learn More





Discover Our Process Process & Strategy























Clough Global - Biographies


























Shareholder Login | Glossary

toggle menu







Investment Professionals























Charles I. Clough, Jr., CFA
Chairman, CEO & Portfolio Manager






John Birkett
Partner






Anupam Bose
Managing Director






Brian Chen, CFA
Partner & Portfolio Manager, Asia






Michael Hearle
Partner & Portfolio Manager, Clough Healthcare Funds






Josh Howland, CFA
Partner, Head Trader






Vince Lorusso 
Partner & Portfolio Manager






John Kowaleski
Trader 






Kevin McNally
Clough Finn Investment Partners 






Bill Whelan
Clough Finn Investment PartnersClough Healthcare Funds






Robert Zdunczyk
Partner & Portfolio Manager


























Clough Global - Closed End Funds Overview GLO


























Shareholder Login | Glossary

toggle menu








Closed-End Funds




GLVGLQGLO


Fund Overview
Fund  Performance
Fund  Holdings
Most Recent  Distributions


Clough Global Opportunities Fund
Objective

    The Fund's investment objective is to provide a high level of total return. The Fund seeks to achieve this objective by applying a fundamental research-driven investment process and will invest in equity and equity-related securities as well as fixed income securities, including both corporate and sovereign debt. The Clough Global Opportunities Fund will invest in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. 
    
Portfolio Content
The Fund intends to invest primarily in a managed mix of U.S. and non-U.S. equity and debt securities. The Fund is flexibly managed so that, depending on the Fund's investment adviser's outlook, it sometimes will be more heavily invested in equity securities or in debt or fixed income securities. The Fund will also, in certain situations, augment its investment positions by purchasing call options, both on specific equity securities, as well as securities representing exposure to equity sectors or indices and fixed income indices. Investments in non-U.S. markets will be made primarily through liquid securities, including depositary receipts (which evidence ownership in underlying foreign securities) and exchange traded funds.
    





Fund Documents

 Monthly Fact Sheet IRS Form 8937 - October 31, 2016 Semi-Annual Report Annual Report Dividend Reinvestment Plan Audit Committee Charter Nominating Committee Charter Proxy Statement Principal Officers' Code of Ethics Proxy Voting Procedures & Guidelines SEC Filings Privacy Policy IRS Form 8937 - March 31, 2012 



DAILY PRICES as of 7/21/2017
Clough Global Opportunities Fund

Ticker: GLO 
Closing Price: $11.14  Market Change: $0.04 
Net Asset Value (NAV): $11.84 NAV Change: $0.02 























Clough Global - Risks


























Shareholder Login | Glossary

toggle menu







Risks



Disclosure

PRINCIPAL RISKS OF THE FUND
The following is a description of the principal risks of the Fund’s portfolio, which may adversely affect its net asset value and total return. There are other circumstances (including additional risks that are not described here) which could prevent the Fund from achieving its investment objective. It is important to read all the disclosure information provided and to understand that you may lose money by investing in the Fund.
Counterparty Risk.
A financial institution or other counterparty with whom the Fund does business, or that underwrites, distributes or guarantees any investments or contracts that the Fund owns or is otherwise exposed to, may decline in financial health and become unable to honor its commitments. This could cause losses for the Fund or could delay the return or delivery of collateral or other assets to the Fund.
Currency Strategies Risk.
The success of the Fund’s currency strategies depends, in part, on the effectiveness and implementation of the Adviser’s analysis and methodology. There can be no assurance that the Adviser’s analysis and methodology will be successful, as this will ultimately depend on many different factors. If these strategies prove unsuccessful, losses to the Fund may be significant and may substantially exceed the intended level of market exposure for the currency strategies. As part of its currency strategies, the Fund will have substantial exposure to the risks of non-U.S. currency markets. Foreign currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time for a number of reasons, including changes in interest rates and economic or political developments in the United States or abroad. As a result, the Fund’s exposure to foreign currencies could cause lower returns or even losses to the Fund. Although the Adviser seeks to limit these risks through the aggregation of various long and short positions, there can be no assurance that it will be able to do so. This strategy can have the effect of reducing returns and minimizing opportunities for gain.
Depositary Receipts Risk. 
The issuers of unsponsored depositary receipts are not obligated to disclose information that is, in the United States, considered material. Therefore, there may be less information available regarding these issuers and there may not be a correlation between such information and the market value of the depositary receipts. Depositary receipts are generally subject to the same risks as the foreign securities that they evidence or into which they may be converted.
Derivatives Risk. 
The Fund’s use of derivatives (which may include forward foreign currency contracts, futures, participation notes, and swaps) may reduce the Fund’s returns and/or increase the volatility of the Fund’s net asset value. Derivatives may be difficult to value and may at times be highly illiquid, and the Fund may not be able to close out or sell a derivative position at a particular time or at an anticipated price. Derivative investments will typically increase the Fund’s exposure to principal risks to which it is otherwise exposed, and may expose the Fund to additional risks, including liquidity risk, interest rate risk, counterparty risk, market risk, credit risk and management risk. 
Equity Security and Stock Market Risk. 
The Fund is affected by how the stock market performs. Equity securities fluctuate in price based on changes in the issuer’s financial condition, as well as market and economic conditions. When stock prices fall, you should expect the value of your investment to fall. Equity or equity-related securities generally have greater price volatility than fixed income securities.
Focus Risk.
To the extent that the Fund focuses its investments in particular asset classes or sectors of the economy, any market price movements, regulatory or technological changes, or economic conditions affecting companies in those asset classes or sectors will have a significant impact on the Fund’s performance.
Foreign Investment Risk.
The Fund faces the risks inherent in foreign investing. Adverse political, economic or social developments could undermine the value of the Fund’s investments or prevent the Fund from realizing its full value. Financial reporting standards for companies based in foreign markets differ from those in the United States. Additionally, foreign securities markets generally are smaller and less liquid than U.S. markets. To the extent that the Fund invests in non-U.S. dollar denominated foreign securities, changes in currency exchange rates may affect the U.S. dollar value of foreign securities or the income or gain received on these securities. To the extent the Fund invests in securities of emerging market issuers, foreign investment risks are greater in emerging markets than in more developed markets. Investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.
Hedging Risk.
Because the Fund may invest in derivative instruments and ETFs to hedge against foreign currency and/or equity market exposure, the Fund faces the risk that its hedging strategies may not perform as intended. In addition, while the hedging strategies may offset losses, they also may offset gains and typically involve expenses.
Investment Companies Risk. 
Because the Fund may invest in investment companies, such as ETFs and closed- and open-end mutual funds, the Fund’s performance will be directly related to the performance of the investment companies. To the extent that a given investment company underperforms its benchmark or its fund peer group, it may contribute to the underperformance by the Fund. In addition, the Fund indirectly pays a portion of the expenses incurred by the investment companies, which lowers the Fund’s performance. To the extent that the Fund’s allocations favor investment companies with higher expenses, the overall cost of investing paid by the Fund will be higher. Also, because shares of ETFs and closed-end funds trade on a securities exchange, their shares may trade at a premium or discount to their net asset value.
Investment Themes Risk.
The Fund’s investment program depends on the Adviser’s identification and development of global or regional investment themes, and the Fund’s performance may suffer if such themes, which can be inherently challenging to identify, are not well identified, or do not unfold as anticipated. Failure to correctly identify or develop the themes that will guide the Fund’s portfolio investments, or the failure of a theme to unfold in the way the Adviser anticipates, may result from many causes, including the following: governments or others may decide to oppose or delay certain economic, social or political developments that are the basis of investment themes; demographic or economic data necessary to understand correctly the way in which certain themes may unfold in some countries may be incorrect or incomplete; development of themes and their longevity may require attention to subtle cultural factors not always apparent to outside observers; or social and political changes or natural disasters in some parts of the world may alter the underlying conditions or affect the availability of natural resources necessary to an emerging theme.
Liquidity Risk.
In certain situations, it may be difficult or impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at an acceptable price.
New Fund Risk.
The Fund is a new fund, with limited operating history, which may present additional risk to shareholders. There can be no assurance that the Fund will grow to or maintain a viable size. To the extent that the Fund does not grow to or maintain a viable size, it may be liquidated, and the timing of such liquidation may not be favorable to some shareholders.
Portfolio Turnover Risk.
The Fund may engage in active and frequent trading of portfolio securities. A high portfolio turnover rate (such as 100% or more) may result in greater expenses to the Fund, including brokerage commissions or dealer mark-ups and other transaction costs on the sale of securities and reinvestments in other securities. A high portfolio turnover rate may also result in an increase in taxable capital gains distributions to the Fund’s shareholders and an increased likelihood that the capital gains will be taxable at ordinary rates.
Preferred Stock Risk.
Typically, a rise in interest rates causes a decline in the value of preferred stock. Preferred stocks are also subject to credit and default risk, which is the possibility that an issuer of preferred stock will fail to make its dividend payments. Preferred stocks do not offer as great a degree of protection of capital or assurance of continued income as investments in corporate debt securities and are subordinated in right of payments to debt obligations. A preferred stock is subject to the risk that its value may decrease based on actual or perceived changes in the business or financial condition of the issuer of the stock, as well as market and economic conditions.
Pricing Risk.
If market conditions make it difficult to value some investments, the Fund may value these investments using more subjective methods, such as fair value pricing. In such cases, the value determined for an investment could be different than the value realized upon such investment’s sale. As a result, you could pay more than the market value when buying Fund shares or receive less than the market value when selling Fund shares.
Security Selection Risk.
The securities in the Fund’s portfolio may decline in value. The Adviser’s analysis and portfolio management practices may not achieve the desired results.
Short Sale Risk.
If the Fund sells a security short and subsequently has to buy the security back at a higher price, the Fund will lose money on the transaction. Any loss will be increased by the amount of compensation, interest or dividends and transaction costs the Fund must pay to a lender of the security. The amount the Fund could lose on a short sale is theoretically unlimited (as compared to a long position, where the maximum loss is the amount invested). The use of short sales, which has the effect of leveraging the Fund, could increase the exposure of the Fund to the market, increase losses and increase the volatility of returns.
Small Company Risk.
Small company stocks tend to be more volatile than medium-sized or large company stocks. Small companies are less widely followed by stock analysts and less information about them is available to investors. Industry-wide reversals may have a greater impact on small companies, since they may lack the financial resources of larger companies. Small company stocks are typically less liquid than large company stocks.


















Clough Global | Literature Open End Funds


























Shareholder Login | Glossary

toggle menu








Documents






Clough Global Long/Short Fund



Regulatory Reports

Semi-Annual Report 

XBRL ZIP - 2/28/17 

Prospectus 

SAI 

Annual Report 


Summary Prospectus






Recently Added

Fact Sheet












Quick Links

Performance
Holdings
Dividends
Clough China Fund Docs
























Clough Capital Partners, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 7:39 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Clough Capital Partners, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Clough Capital Partners, L.P. is an employee owned hedge fund manager. The firm provides its services to high net worth individuals, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, state or municipal government entities, insurance companies, and charitable organizations. It manages separate client focused portfolios. The firm also manages equity and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It also launches and manages hedge funds. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It does theme-based investing utilizing hedging strategies while making its investments. The firm employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach while creating ...
Clough Capital Partners, L.P. is an employee owned hedge fund manager. The firm provides its services to high net worth individuals, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, state or municipal government entities, insurance companies, and charitable organizations. It manages separate client focused portfolios. The firm also manages equity and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It also launches and manages hedge funds. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It does theme-based investing utilizing hedging strategies while making its investments. The firm employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach while creating its portfolios. Clough Capital Partners, L.P. was founded in January 2000 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Detailed Description


One Post Office Square40th FloorBoston, MA 02109United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 617-204-3400

Fax: 617-204-3434

www.cloughglobal.com







Key Executives for Clough Capital Partners, L.P.




Mr. Charles Ingalls Clough Jr., CFA


      	Chief Executive Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Chairman
      


Age: 75
        







Mr. James E. Canty J.D.


      	President and General Counsel
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Eric Ashley Brock CPA


      	Partner, Research Director, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. John A. Ritacco


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mrs. Francoise Vappereau


      	Portfolio Manager and Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Clough Capital Partners, L.P. Key Developments

Clough Capital Partners, L.P. Presents at Family Office & Private Wealth Management Forum 2016, Jul-18-2016 12:10 PM
Jun 14 16
Clough Capital Partners, L.P. Presents at Family Office & Private Wealth Management Forum 2016, Jul-18-2016 12:10 PM. Venue: Hyatt Regency Newport, Newport, Rhode Island, United States. Speakers: Charles Ingalls Clough, Chairman, Portfolio Manager, and Chief Executive Officer.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      April 12, 2017
			    
Sienna Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Clough Capital Partners, L.P., please visit www.cloughglobal.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Clough Global - About Clough


























Shareholder Login | Glossary

toggle menu







 About Clough Capital




The Advisor: Clough Capital


Clough Capital Partners L.P., is a globally-focused investment management firm with over 2.7 billion in client assets under management (as of March 31, 2017). Clough Capital was founded in 2000 by Charles I. (“Chuck”) Clough Jr., after a 13 year career as the Chief Investment Strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co., which at the time was the world’s largest investment firm.
Clough Capital invests both long-short and long-only in public equity, fixed income and alternative markets across the globe. The Firm’s investment strategies in addition to global long-short include sector specific funds, both by geography and by industry. The Firm delivers those strategies through various investment vehicles including institutional separate accounts, pooled funds and mutual funds (both open and closed end).
Throughout the firm’s history, Clough Capital has attracted and retained a talented team of investment, operational, compliance and distribution professionals. Today, there are 25 dedicated individuals working on behalf of our clients.





Clough Capital is a Boston-based investment advisory firm which manages 2.7 billion in assets:  1.1 billion in hedge fund and institutional accounts; 1.5 billion  in three closed-end funds; and 100 million in open-end mutual funds*


*as of March 31, 2017





Firm History


Throughout the firm's history, Clough Capital has been fortunate to have attracted and retained a talented team of professionals. Today, Clough Capital employs 11 highly experienced investment professionals and 14 non-investment professionals.
Clough Capital has comprehensive infrastructure including research, trading, compliance, technology, and client services. The firm is a Registered Investment Advisor pursuant to the Investment Advisors Act of 1940.


Today, Clough Capital employs 11 highly experienced investment professionals and 14 non-investment professionals.

































 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Clough Capital Partners LP                                                                                               - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Clough Capital Partners LP
                                    



 





















C 


Clough Capital Partners LP                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 POST OFFICE SQ STE 4000 BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions



(617) 790-1500
www.cloughglobal.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $10,762,448.00
 Employee Count 35
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Charles Clough                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1999 the company has been providing Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










Hedgeable | Sophisticated Investing Made Simple





































 
  Who owns Clough Investment Partners I?  Top holders of Clough Investment Partners I according 13F SEC filings
 - stockzoa










stockzoa



 
 


			      Javascript is disabled or is not supported by your browser. Please upgrade your browser or enable Javascript to navigate the interface properly.
		      











    Who owns Clough Investment Partners I?
  



 CUSIP Number: 188990907 







 Top Holders and Investors of Clough Investment Partners I Stock 



          Find out what company owns Clough Investment Partners I, who bought Clough Investment Partners I this quarter, and who sold shares of Clough Investment Partners I stock?
        



 Fund or Company Name
 Number of Shares 
 Valued At 
 As Of 











 


        © 2016 stockzoa - Simplified 13F-HR Filings.
        

          Disclaimers: stockzoa.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on stockzoa.com represent a recommendation to purchase or sell a stock. The information on this site is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way.  In no event shall stockzoa.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content available on stockzoa.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, stockzoa.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. 
        

 



















CLOUGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS I, L.P. | Invstor.com







invstor.com










Follow Us

Email Us

Call Us: 888-601-8601















		Reach all 20,000+ investors by posting a funding request.
Post a Request

	 








         These ads are not affiliated with CLOUGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS I, L.P.



CLOUGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS I, L.P.

Location: DOVER, DE 19901

Professional Summary: 
CLOUGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS I, L.P. is a startup company that was incorporated in DE.
        This company profile was created to provide more information about CLOUGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS I, L.P., a private company.

Company: CLOUGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS I, L.P.
Location: DOVER, DE 19901
Professional Type: GENERAL; DOMESTIC










