




CMT Capital Markets Trading GmbH Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


CMT Capital Markets Trading GmbH Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.


























All Stocks Held By CMT Capital Markets Trading GmbH




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


All Stocks Held By CMT Capital Markets Trading GmbH | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.
























WEKA Corporate Group
























de / en
Menü









The WEKA Corporate Group
B2B Business- and B2C Special-Interest-Information since 1973















































































































































The WEKA Corporate Group
On 1 October 1973, Werner and Karin Mützel founded the WEKA specialist publishing company for administration and industry, thereby laying the cornerstone for the establishment of one of Germany’s most successful internationally oriented group of specialist publishing companies.
Within the past decades, WEKA has grown into a corporate group which today includes 25 companies in Europe.
The sole shareholders are company founder Werner Mützel and his family.





WEKA Group in Numbers

1.500 Employees
25 Media Companies
in 5 Countries
Turnover 235 M€
~60% equity











Business-to-business


ASI Akademie für Sicherheit GmbH provides qualified, current and practice-oriented training and further training in safety-related fields.
Wiesbadenhttp://www.online-asi.de/



dent.kom is the only place to provide the "ZMV – Zahnmedizinische Verwaltungsassistentin" (Dental Medicine Administration Assistant) qualification as a remote-learning course. dent.kom also offers additional specialised training courses for qualifications such as "ZTV – Zahntechnische Verwaltungsmanagerin" (Dental Technology Administration Manager), "ZAO – Zahnmedizinische Abrechnungs- und Organisationsangestellte" (Dental Medicine Billing and Organisation Assistant), "QB – Qualitätsbeauftragte” (Quality Assurance Officer) and “PM – Praxismanagerin" (Practice Manager).
Berlinhttp://www.dentkom.de



Deubner Verlag GmbH & Co. KG offers specialist media and services to the accountancy and legal professions.
Kölnhttp://www.deubner-verlag.de/



DIOS Daten- Informations- und Organisations- Systeme GmbH with its DIOS ZX software is among the top 10 providers of dental accounting software, and is the German market leader with its QM system for dental practices. 
Rekenhttp://www.dios.de



exxcellence Managementforum GmbH offers cross-sector events with top speakers for the qualification of managers.
Frankfurthttp://www.exxcellence.de



FFB Forum für Betriebsräte GmbH offers comprehensive training programme with basic and specialist seminars for works councils 
Wiesbadenhttp://www.ffb-seminare.de



Spitta Verlag GmbH & Co. KG is one of the largest providers of specialist dental medicine and dental technology information, organisational aids, magazines and new media, as well as measures for further and continuing education
Balingenhttp://www.spitta.de/



Webculture GmbH provides innovative online academies and online learning formats. The Social Media Academy is the leading academy for further education in digital marketing in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Mannheimhttp://www.socialmediaakademie.de/



WEKA Business Medien GmbH, with its renowned specialist B2B magazines and online portals for the machinery, logistics, chemical and pharmaceutical industries, is one of Germany's leading specialist publishing companies.
Darmstadthttp://www.weka-businessmedien.de



WEKA FACHMEDIEN GmbH is a leading provider of cross-media brands for the target markets of professional electronics, automation, energy technology, electronics retail/electricians and ICT.
Haarhttp://www.weka-fachmedien.de/



WEKA MEDIA GmbH & Co. KG is one of the leading providers of multimedia-based specialist information solutions for the fields of production and construction, work safety and fire protection, environment and energy, management and finance, quality management, public authorities, the building trade, architecture, corporate codetermination and data protection.
Kissinghttps://www.weka.de/



TQM Training & Consulting offers a wide variety of qualification and consultancy services in the areas of quality management, management systems and process management.
Heilbronnhttp://www.tqm.com/



ZWB Forum für Führungskräfte GmbH is leading provider of seminars for managers, covering topics ranging from general management, marketing and sales through to data protection
Wiesbadenhttp://www.fff-online.com/



Industriemagazin Verlag No other publisher in Austria has as much expertise in issues concerning the manufacturing industry. Therefore, we are also the undisputed market leader when it comes to reaching decision-makers in industry and industry-related branches. Here you meet the top decision-makers of B2B enterprises: As a reader of our media, as a visitor of our events and as a customer of our publishing house.
Wienhttp://www.industriemagazin-verlag.at/



INFO-TECHNO Baudatenbank GmbH with its two online services BAUDATENBANK.AT and AUSSCHREIBUNG.AT is Austria's leading platform for the construction sector.
Mondseehttp://www.info-techno.at



WEKA-Verlag Gesellschaft m.b.H. is a leading provider of specialist information in the fields of law, taxation, technology, management and construction; its specialist magazines are among the Austrian market leaders for specialist cross-media information for the automotive, buildings, industry and retail segments. 
Wienhttp://www.weka.at/



Lernwerkstatt Olten GmbH exclusively provides training courses for education experts throughout German-speaking Switzerland. The courses offer qualifications such as the "SVEB-Zertifikat" (SVEB = Swiss Continuing Education Association), "Ausbilder/in mit eidg. Fachausweis" ("State-Certified Educator") and "Ausbildungsleiter/in mit eidg. Diplom" ("Education Leader with a State-Accredited Diploma").
Oltenhttp://www.lernwerkstatt.ch/



WEKA Business Media AG offers multimedia-based specialist information solutions and services for human resources managers, financial officers and controllers, trustees and tax consultants, CEOs, managers, IT specialists and specialists working in the technology sector. 
Zürichhttp://www.weka.ch



ZfU International Business School AG defines itself as a holistic international business school which aims to provide mid-level and executive management with comprehensive, state-of-the-art continuing education
Thalwil beinear Zürichhttp://www.zfu.ch/



Chimie Minitel Teletransmission S.A.S. runs the market-leading online platform for the exchange of safety data sheets for the usage of chemicals, and the legal/regulatory database and online platform for producers and users of phyto-sanitary products. 
Saint Denis beinear Paris undand Marseillehttp://www.quickfds.com



COMUNDI S.A.S. is a major player for congresses and training programmes on the French market, esp. in the segments of management and coaching, HR and social issues, public market, health and security. 
Saint Denis beinear Parishttp://www.comundi.fr



LEXAGRI business line  leading supplier of online-databases and tools dedicated to regulatory compliant usage of phyto-sanitary products.
Gemenoshttp://www.lexagri.com/



Editions Techniques de l’Ingenieur S.A.S. has developed a unique database in French which compiles state-of-the-art technical sciences and which is sold all over the world in French-speaking countries.
Saint Denis beinear Parishttp://www.techniques-ingenieur.fr/



Editions Tissot S.A.S. is a major provider of social and HR legal and regulatory databases and information products for the French SME market. 
Annecyhttp://www.editions-tissot.fr



Editions WEKA S.A.S. offers legal and regulatory databases associated with added-value services for public authorities. 
Saint Denis beinear Parishttp://www.weka.fr



WEKA Business Media B.V. offers multimedia-based specialist B2B information for various professions. In the fields of human resources and facility management, WEKA is one of the market leaders in the Netherlands.
Amsterdamhttp://www.weka.nl/
Business-to-Consumer


fotocommunity GmbH is Europe's largest online community of amateur photographers, with over 1,500,000 members. 
Kölnhttp://www.fotocommunity.de/



Franzis Verlag GmbH is a provider of special interest information for the fields of electronics, model-building, computer and web programming, and digital photography. The company publishes books, software, learning packages, e-books and apps on these topics for consumers. 
Haarhttp://www.franzis.de/



frechverlag GmbH is a publisher of how-to books on numerous topics such as crafts, painting, gardening, cooking, DIY, make-up, gifts, home decoration, children's entertainment, lifestyle, family, and many more. 
Stuttgarthttps://www.topp-kreativ.de/



WEKA MEDIA PUBLISHING GmbH publishes special interest B2C magazines in the fields of telecommunications, information technology, consumer electronics and photography, as well as corresponding online offerings. 
Haarhttp://www.weka-media-publishing.de/





The management of the WEKA Corporate Group
The managing directors of the individual media companies within the WEKA Corporate Group manage their businesses with a great deal of independence and individual responsibility. Decentralisation is a fundamental part of the WEKA culture. The Group is steered by a holding company based in Kissing near Augsburg. The managing directors of the holding company are company founder Werner Mützel and Wolfgang Materna.

 
Werner Mützel
Owner and managing director of WEKA Holding GmbH & Co. KG


 
Wolfgang Materna 
Managing director with sole power of representation of WEKA Holding GmbH & Co. KG 








Geschichte
1973
01.10.1973: Foundation of the WEKA specialist publishing company for administration and industry by Werner and Karin Mützel. Products: clearly structured specialist books, easy-to-understand forms and information brochures for new residents in cities and towns. 
1975
Move to the first company building in Kissing
Market leader: over 800 cities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland purchase information brochures for new residents from WEKA. The information brochures are financed through adverts by local companies
1976
Delivery of the first up-to-date reference book via direct sales and book shops
1978
The 100th book title is published
WEKA Switzerland based in Zurich is founded as the first foreign subsidiary
1979
Over 100 employees and 200 specialist authors now work for the company
Foundation of WEKA France in Paris
1980
Foundation of WEKA Italy in Milan
1982
Move into the expanded company building
Over 1,000 authors write specialist books and reference works for WEKA
1983
Foundation of WEKA Netherlands in Amsterdam
1985
Takeover of Spitta Verlag (Balingen)
Foundation of WEKA Austria in Vienna
1986
Turnover exceeds 50 million euros
Construction of a new company building for 300 additional workplaces
1988
Foundation of WEKA Publishing Inc. (New York)
Entry into the German computer magazine market with the takeover of a 48 percent stake in Daten- und Medienverlagsgesellschaft DMV
1989
WEKA purchase a 49 percent stake in WAGO Softwarehaus
Foundation of Editions WEKA Belgium
Restructuring into five divisions with a seven-person executive management team
27 percent growth in turnover – with over 100 million euros, WEKA is Germany's third-largest specialist publishing company
1990
Purchase of ECPA (Paris), a specialist publisher of psychology literature 
Move to a new company building at Römerstraße 16 in Kissing
24 percent increase in turnover
1991
60 percent stake in the DentSo software developer
Awarding of the first WEKA Environment Prize by the specialist publishing company for technical managers
Takeover of Franzis-Verlag (Munich)
38 percent increase in turnover
1992
Purchase of Frech-Verlag (Stuttgart)
Creation of the first Architecture Prize by the WEKA specialist construction publishing company
Continuous support for the "Bunter Kreis", a society helping severely ill children, through active collaboration and financial assistance
34 percent growth, over 250 million euros in turnover
1993
2,500 employees celebrate the 20-year anniversary
The Competence Center for Electronic Publishing starts working on establishing online databases
The WEKA publishing companies begin to offer the first supplementary electronic products
10th anniversary of the international WEKA Tennis Cup
1995
Formation of the Software Division with the aim of linking professional information with application software.  
Purchase of Editions Techniques de l'Ingenieur (Paris)
WEKA becomes the market leader in complete in-house solutions through the merger of WAGO and Curadata to form WAGO-CURADATA
314 million euros in turnover, 2,550 employees
Purchase of debis Systemhaus Curadata (Hamburg)
1996
The takeover of Magna Media (Haar) makes WEKA the biggest provider of specialist journals for IT, electronics and telecommunications in Germany
Purchase of Dr. Peter Deubner Verlag (Cologne), a publishing company for the legal and accountancy professions 
Purchase of the French specialist legal publishing company Tissot (Annecy)
Foundation of Alfa WEKA (Warsaw) 
1997
Foundation of the joint venture CMP-WEKA with CMP, America's largest publisher of computer magazines
Closure of WEKA USA
Takeover of REWI Verlags- und Buchhandels-GmbH (Waltenhofen)
Takeover of Renoflex Computer- und Software GmbH
Takeover of the Spanish legal publishing company Civitas Ediciones (Madrid)
With over 401 million euros in turnover, WEKA is the number one German specialist and scientific publishing company for the first time
1998
25 years of WEKA: 36 specialist publishing companies and software developers in 11 European countries, employing more than 3,000 people
Purchase of Gesellschaft für Wirtschaftsinformationen (GWI) (Munich)
Sale of DentSo-Spitta
Foundation of Fun Creativ (Kiel)
1999
WEKA Italy (publisher of information materials) ceases operations
Sale of WEKA Consumer Media (games magazines)
Sale of WAGO-CURADATA (accounting software)
Sale of ReNoFlex (software for lawyers)
Sale of PCAS (software for the building trade)
2000
CONWAVE (intranet-based solution for specialist information) and i-ConneXX (portal/search engine for specialist legal information) are developed in the course of the general internet boom
Closure of WEKA's specialist publishing company in Hungary (Budapest)
2001
Formation of WEKA MEDIA GmbH & Co. KG (Kissing) by merging the WEKA specialist construction publishing companies, WEKA specialist management publishing companies, WEKA specialist publishing company for technical managers, and the WEKA Logistics Center, Augsburg
Sale of the WEKA Magazine Group to Süddeutscher Verlag Hüthig Fachinformationen GmbH (subject to approval by the antitrust authorities)
Sale of Civitas Ediciones (Madrid)
Reorganisation of the WEKA Corporate Group: Structuring into four independent divisions: "WEKA Business Information", "Information Brochures and Cartography", "WEKA Media Group Munich" and "Creative Design"
Discontinuation of CONWAVE and i-ConneXX
Foundation of WEKA Business Information GmbH & Co. KG (Kissing) as the umbrella company for the 16 domestic and foreign publishing companies of the former "Specialist Information" division
2002
The sale of the WEKA Magazine Group to Süddeutscher Verlag Hüthig Fachinformationen GmbH fails; the WEKA Magazine Group remains an independent division within the WEKA Group
Merger of Kissing-based publishing company Recht und Praxis with Deubner Verlag (Cologne)
Sale of Les Editions du Centre de Psychologie Apliquée (ECPA) (Paris)
2003
Sale of the Polish sister publishing company WEKA Sp. z.o.o, (Warsaw) to the Forum Group (Mering)
Sale of the 50% stakes in the publishing companies Lupus (Poland) and Computer Panoráma (Hungary)
2004
WEKA MEDIA takes over sirAdos (Dachau)
2005
Collaboration with Haufe Media Group in Switzerland through the merger of Haufe BusinessMedia AG (Zurich) and WEKA Verlag AG (Zurich)
WEKA MEDIA takes over UB MEDIA (Markt Schwaben)
2006
Takeover of the HRM portfolio from Netwerk Pers (Amsterdam) by WEKA Netherlands 
The online platform Chimie Minitel Teletransmission (Paris) is purchased by Editions WEKA
Sale of the 49% stake in BEHR'S Verlag (Hamburg)
2007
WEKA Magazine Group is renamed WEKA Media Group Munich
Takeover of the imprint "Public Formation" from IFSP (Montrouge) by Editions WEKA 
Takeover of the imprint "Dental start-up" from pdv (Heidelberg) by Spitta Verlag 
2008
Sale of Editions WEKA Belgium to mediabooks (Ghent)
WEKA MEDIA Publishing takes over Division III of Motor Presse Stuttgart with eight CE and telecommunications magazines; opening of a new office in Stuttgart
Spitta takes over Flohr-Verlag (Heidelberg) with four specialist dental medicine magazines
WEKA MEDIA purchases Dachbau-Magazin from Kleffmann Verlag (Bochum)
Sale of the info/Cartography Division (Mering/Munich) to the mediaprint Group in Paderborn
Sale of frech druck (Stuttgart), the last print works of the WEKA Group; the frechverlag publishing company remains in the Group's possession
WEKA Verlag Vienna takes over Springer Business Media Austria (Vienna) with 17 specialist B2B magazines
2009
WEKA Netherlands takes over Arko-Verlag (Amsterdam) with its three specialist construction magazines
WEKA Verlag AG (Zurich) is renamed WEKA Business Media AG 
2010
Takeover of Busse Seewald (Bielefeld) by frechverlag
Takeover of 100% of the shares of the joint venture CMP-WEKA (Poing) from UBM by WEKA Holding
2011
Acquisition of ZfU (Thalwil) by WEKA Holding
Acquisition of foerderland  (Mannheim) by WEKA MEDIA
Acquisition of dent.kom (Berlin) by Spitta
2012
Acquisition of Agricommand (Gémenos) by C.M.T.
Acquisition of INFO-TECHNO Baudatenbank (Mondsee) by WEKA Holding
Acquisition of Blogwerk (Zurich) by WEKA Holding
Acquisition of TQM Training & Consulting (Heilbronn) by WEKA MEDIA
Acquisition of fotocommunity (Cologne) by WEKA Holding
Acquisition of Hoppenstedt Publishing (Darmstadt) by WEKA Holding
Acquisition of facility-info.com (Amsterdam) by WEKA Netherlands
2013
40-year company anniversary of WEKA
Acquisition of MB Formation (Paris) by Editions WEKA
Takeover of screenguide (Düsseldorf) by WEKA MEDIA PUBLISHING
2014
Takeover of Comundi (Paris) by WEKA FORMATION
Takeover of WIADOK Wirtschaftsarchiv (Minden) by Deubner Verlag
2015
Closure of Blogwerk (Zurich)
Takeover of Pro Lernen (Unterschleissheim) by WEKA MEDIA 
Takeover of the training business of LexisNexis France (Paris) by Comundi 
Acquisition of 80% of DIOS (Reken) by WEKA Holding
The Paris-based companies of the WEKA Group (Editions WEKA, Editions Techniques de l’Ingenieur, Comundi, CMT, WEKA Service) move from Paris to the suburb of Saint Denis
Acquisition of 80% of Lernwerkstatt Olten (Olten) by WEKA Business Media
2016
Acquisition of 80% of webculture (Mannheim) by WEKA Holding
Acquisition of 75% of Forum Group (Wiesbaden) by WEKA Holding
Takeover of Formhygiène (Montpellier) by CMT
2017
Acquisition of Industriemagazin Verlag (Vienna) by WH WEKA Holding


















Contact
WEKA Holding GmbH & Co.KG 
WEKA Holding
GmbH & Co. KG
Postfach 13 31
Römerstr. 4
D-86438 Kissing
T. +49 (0)8233 23-0
F. +49 (0)8233 23-195
E-Mail: email hidden; JavaScript is required






Authors, contributors, publishers, applicants, …
please contact the Group’s individual media companies directly. You can find links to all the companies towards the top of the website.













﻿







Panthera Investment Gmbh – Octafinance

















































 








Thursday, 27 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Panthera Investment Gmbh 

Panthera Investment Gmbh 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Panthera Investment Gmbh and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/panthera-investment-gmbh/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q12015Market Value:$549,299,000Previous Mkt Value:$378,288,000Chg Mkt Value %:45.21% Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:17.34%




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:58Additional Purchases:45Sold out:2Reduced:34Top 10 Holdings %:48.56%






Panthera Investment Gmbh Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 3/31/2015



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 







PANTHERA INVESTMENT GMBH Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysMorgan Stanley (Put)1.22%Amazon.Com Inc (Put)1.14%Williams Cos Inc (Put)0.77%Williams Cos Inc (Call)0.73%Chevron Corp (Call)0.70%




13F Sector AllocationInformation Technology40%Consumer Discretionary23%Energy13%Health Care8%Finance8%






PANTHERA INVESTMENT GMBH AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
 The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$123,275,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$211,330,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$280,806,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$378,288,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$549,299,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
Subsidiaries/Series: CMT Holdings GmbH  Co KG, CMT Global Holdings LLC
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Thursday, 27 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)



















 








Corning | Materials Science Technology and Innovation














































Corning | Materials Science Technology and Innovation














Main Menu









We use cookies to ensure the best experience on our website.
View Cookie Policy
/worldwide/en/corning-cookie-policy.html
_self
Accept Cookie Policy
 Change My Settings
 ESSENTIAL COOKIES
 Required for the site to function.
 PREFERENCE AND ANALYTICS COOKIES
 Augment your site experience. 
 SOCIAL AND MARKETING COOKIES
 Lets Corning work with partners to enable social features and marketing messages. 
 ALWAYS ON
 ON
 OFF






This site is best viewed in a modern web browser. Please update your browser for the best experience possible. 
Close[x]















								Introducing Corning Valor™ Glass

								Introducing Corning Valor™ Glass

								Corning, Merck, and Pfizer continue their commitment to American innovation with the announcement of Corning Valor™ Glass, a breakthrough in pharmaceutical packaging.

								Corning, Merck, and Pfizer continue their commitment to American innovation with the announcement of a breakthrough in pharmaceutical packaging.

								Learn More 










								Corning’s Strategic Framework in Action

								Corning’s Strategic Framework in Action

								The 2017 Investor Meeting showcased Corning’s focused portfolio and Strategy & Capital Allocation Framework progress.

								The 2017 Investor Meeting showcased Corning’s focused portfolio and Strategy & Capital Allocation Framework progress.

								Learn More 











								10 Years Tough

								10 Years Tough

								Corning® Gorilla® Glass celebrates a decade of helping to protect your electronic devices.

								Corning® Gorilla® Glass celebrates a decade of helping to protect your electronic devices.

								Read More 










								Corning and Apple Announce Continued Collaboration

								Corning and Apple Announce Continued Collaboration

								Corning will receive $200 million from Apple’s new Advanced Manufacturing Fund to foster innovation among American manufacturers. 

								Corning will receive $200 million from Apple’s new Advanced Manufacturing Fund. 

								Learn More 














For more than 165 years, Corning has applied its unparalleled expertise in specialty glass, ceramics, and optical physics to develop products and processes that have created new industries and transformed people’s lives.
 











Products




 Explore the Ways Corning Impacts Your Life













 Advanced Optics
 Advanced Optics

                        Advanced optical solutions for state-of-the-art technologies. 
                     

                        Advanced optical solutions for state-of-the-art technologies. 
                     

                     Learn More
                     













 Communication Networks
 Communication Networks

                        Optical fiber, cable, and hardware that keep the world connected.
                     

                        Optical fiber, cable, and hardware that keep the world connected.
                     

                     Learn More
                     













 Corning® Gorilla® Glass
 Corning® Gorilla® Glass

                        Changing the way the world thinks about glass. 
                     

                        Changing the way the world thinks about glass. 
                     

                     Learn More
                     













 Display Glass
 Display Glass

                        Changing the face of consumer electronics.
                     

                        Changing the face of consumer electronics.
                     

                     Learn More
                     













 Environmental Technology
 Environmental Technologies

                        Making cleaner, healthier air possible.
                     

                        Making cleaner, healthier air possible.
                     

                     Learn More
                     













 Life Sciences
 Life Sciences

                        Tools and solutions for life science research and bioproduction.
                     

                        Tools and solutions for life science research and bioproduction.
                     

                     Learn More
                     













 Pharmaceutical Technologies
 Pharmaceutical Technologies

                        High-quality glass tubing for pharmaceutical primary packaging.
                     

                        High-quality glass tubing for pharmaceutical primary packaging.
                     

                     Learn More
                     













						Bringing Precision Glass and Innovation to Life
					






Interior Architecture









															Corning Glass for Interior Architecture
														

															Corning Glass for Interior Architecture
														

															Learn More
														


The rules of glass have changed.  With Corning’s portfolio of glass products, you can achieve your creative vision without compromise, and with greater design freedom.




The rules of glass have changed.  With Corning’s portfolio of glass products, you can achieve your creative vision without compromise, and with greater design freedom.



															Learn More
														







Bursts of Inspiration









															Brilliant Bursts of Inspiration
														

															Brilliant Bursts of Inspiration
														

															Read More
														


Versalume’s Light in Transformative Technologies workshop brought together artists, designers, and technologists for a brilliantly inspiring experience with Corning® Fibrance® Light-Diffusing Fiber.




Versalume’s Light in Transformative Technologies workshop brought together artists, designers, and technologists for a brilliantly inspiring experience with Corning® Fibrance® Light-Diffusing Fiber.



															Read More
														







Corning® Gorilla® Glass









															Redefining How We Drive
														

															Redefining How We Drive
														

															Read More
														


Corning’s Connected Car, a fully operational electric vehicle, is a prototype showcasing a wide range of applications for our technologies.




Corning’s Connected Car, a fully operational electric vehicle, is a prototype showcasing a wide range of applications for our technologies.



															Read More
														




















Corning’s Glass Solution to a Plastic Problem
Corning’s Glass Solution to a Plastic Problem

												Corning Lotus™ NXT Glass plays a vital role in OLED handheld devices, even if the display panel uses a plastic backplane. How is that possible?

												Corning Lotus™ NXT Glass plays a vital role in OLED handheld devices, even if the display panel uses a plastic backplane. How is that possible?

												Read More 













 







The Extrusion Process


The Extrusion Process

												Our extrusion process is used to create ceramic substrates and particulate filters, which help reduce harmful vehicle emissions.

												Our extrusion process is used to create ceramic substrates and particulate filters, which help reduce harmful vehicle emissions.

												Learn More 














 









Vapor Deposition Process



Vapor Deposition Process

												The vapor depostion process is used to create preforms
 that are then drawn to create optical fiber.

												The vapor depostion process is used to create preforms
 that are then drawn to create optical fiber.

												Learn More 













The Fusion Process
The Fusion Process

												The fusion process, one of our key manufacturing and engineering platforms, creates high-quality flat 
glass used in today's consumer electronics.

												The fusion process, one of our key manufacturing and engineering platforms, creates high-quality flat 
glass used in today's consumer electronics.

												Learn More 
















Our Tradition





						A Legacy of Lighting the Way
					






How It Works









															See How Our Products and Processes Work
														

															See How Our Products and Processes Work
														

															Read More
														


Learn how we use our expertise in specialty glass, ceramics, and optical physics to develop key products and processes that create breakthrough innovations. 




Learn how we use our expertise in specialty glass, ceramics, and optical physics to develop key products and processes that create breakthrough innovations. 



															Read More
														







Innovation









															Discover Emerging Innovations
														

															Discover Emerging Innovations
														

															Learn More
														


Take a sneak peek at the next generation of breakthrough innovations we’re working on.




Take a sneak peek at the next generation of breakthrough innovations we’re working on.



															Learn More
														







Materials Science









															Learn How We Utilize Materials Science
														

															Learn How We Utilize Materials Science
														

															Learn More
														


Materials science is a broad field of study exploring the vast potential of solid matter in a boundless array of applications.
 




Materials science is a broad field of study exploring the vast potential of solid matter in a boundless array of applications.
 



															Learn More
														







Timeline









															Explore Our Timeline
														

															Explore Our Timeline
														

															Learn More
														


Starting with the creation of a glass encasement for Thomas Edison’s light bulb, we have a long legacy of scientific advancements.




Starting with the creation of a glass encasement for Thomas Edison’s light bulb, we have a long legacy of scientific advancements.



															Learn More
														

















	 Discover What’s Making Headlines at Corning
	









                     Corning Reports Strong Second-Quarter Results
                

                     Corning Reports Strong Second-Quarter Results
                

			
			26-Jul-2017
			

                 Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) today announced results for second-quarter 2017.
          
                 Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) today announced results for second-quarter 2017.
          


              Read More
            








                   Corning and Stevanato Group Enter New Agreement to Supply New Corning Valor™ Glass  

                    Corning and Stevanato Group Enter New Agreement  

            
			25-Jul-2017
            

                 Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) and Stevanato Group announced today a new collaboration agreement focused on supplying Corning Valor™ Glass to the pharmaceutical industry.
            

				Read More 





                  Corning and Gerresheimer Collaborate to Deliver New Corning Valor™ Glass 

                   Corning and Gerresheimer Collaborate

              
              24-Jul-2017
            

              Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) and Gerresheimer AG announce that they are accelerating the supply of Corning Valor™ Glass to the pharmaceutical industry.
            

				Read More 

















Read More News Releases >


























 

























Welcome to Schmersal







 




Javascript ist in Ihrem Browser deaktiviert. Es besteht die Möglichkeit, dass Teile dieser Webseite daher nicht wie erwartet funktionieren.

















Toggle




Menu










SearchSuchen











                                                        Welcome to
                                                    

                                                        Schmersal
                                                    




                                                        Experience our new products and system solutions
                                                    





                                                        Learning – tec.nicum academy
                                                    

                                                        - Seminars
                                                    

                                                        - Customer specific training
                                                    

                                                        - Inhouse-training
                                                    

                                                        - Presentations
                                                    







Products & System Solutions


ContentIndustry Solutions


tec.nicum - Safety Services


 


Turning Workplaces into Safer Places.Under this motto, the Schmersal Group offers its customers the largest range of safety switching appliances and systems worldwide for the protection of human life and machines.
The comprehensive range of more than 25,000 products includes safety switches, solenoid interlocks, emergency stop - switches, security sensors, safety mats with safety function, photoelectric light barriers and end switches, which include limit switches, position switches and micro switches.
Based on this program Schmersal configured, within the scope of the "Safety Services" tailor-made systems and industry solutions for machine safety.Schedule

(16.08.2017)
Expo Proteção, Sao Paulo (Brazil)



(18.09.2017)
EXPOSIBRAM, Belo Horizonte (Brazil)



(18.09.2017)
PERUMIN, Arequipa (Peru)



All dates...

 

The direct line to the Schmersal GroupNewsletter subscription





Context ColumnApplicationfinderNews



(03.07.2017)
In-house show at Schmersal





(03.07.2017)
Lecture by Michael Mandel at the re:work Conference 





(02.06.2017)
Light barrier of Schmersal has been nominated for the GIT Award





(31.05.2017)
Schmersal celebrates ten-year anniversary in India




See all news

 

Print


















 






































Mg 10-14 Gmbh - Beethovenstraße 71, 60325 Frankfurt































































































Follow
Following





      Profile
      





    Last update: 
    2017-07-27








MG 10-14 GmbH - Beethovenstraße 71, 60325 Frankfurt, Germany








Company registration number

HRB59938 KÖLNCompany Status

LIVERegistered Address

Beethovenstraße 7160325 FrankfurtBeethovenstraße 71,60325 FrankfurtDEPhone Number 









Managing Directors

-












 


* non-official data




Last announcements in the commercial register. Details in ( ) concerning address and activity are given without guarantee.


2016-11-24 Rectification



Mg 10-14 Gmbh






de/hrb59938 köln
100%
100%


Handelsregister



de/hrb59938 köln
100%
100%





    HRB 59938: MG 10-14 GmbH, Köln, Beethovenstraße 8 - 10, 60325 Frankfurt. Änderung zur Geschäftsa...
  

Sign up to a plan to see the full contentView All AnnouncementsCountry

GermanyCourt

DE/KölnIncorporated

2007-03-15Type of Business

Gesellschaft mit beschränkter HaftungShare CapitalEUR 25.000,00Age Of Company

2007-03-15 
				10 years
			 

0-2
3-5
6-20
21-50
51+
years                
















Company DescriptionMG 10-14 GmbH is  a Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung registered in Germany with the Company reg no HRB59938 KÖLN. Its current trading status is "live". It was registered 2007-03-15.  The managing director is .It can be contacted at  Beethovenstraße 71, 60325 Frankfurt, Germany    .







 




Did you know? kompany provides original and official company documents for MG 10-14 GmbH as filed with the government register. Guaranteed.









$
8.73


          Register Report
          


Provides official proof of this company







https://www.kompany.de/p/de/hrb59938%20k%C3%B6ln#REPRG 




Add to Cart

 
    

 




Sample Report




What's included?












https://www.kompany.de/p/de/hrb59938%20k%C3%B6ln#REPRG 




Add to Cart

 
    

 




      - Register Report
    












$
5.58


          Articles of Association
          


Founding documents as filed







https://www.kompany.de/p/de/hrb59938%20k%C3%B6ln#ADDASHRDE 




Add to Cart

 
    

 




Sample Report




What's included?












https://www.kompany.de/p/de/hrb59938%20k%C3%B6ln#ADDASHRDE 




Add to Cart

 
    

 




      - Articles of Association
    












$
5.58


          Shareholder List
          


Official proof - who owns this company







https://www.kompany.de/p/de/hrb59938%20k%C3%B6ln#ADDSLHR 




Add to Cart

 
    

 




Sample Report




What's included?












https://www.kompany.de/p/de/hrb59938%20k%C3%B6ln#ADDSLHR 




Add to Cart

 
    

 




      - Shareholder List
    












$
6.63


          Annual Accounts
          


Latest Annual Accounts filed by the company












Add to Cart

 
    






Sample Report




What's included?

















Add to Cart

 
    






      - Annual Accounts
    












$
26.00


          Credit Report
          


Checks if this company is creditworthy












Add to Cart

 
    






Sample Report




What's included?

















Add to Cart

 
    






      - Credit Report
    







      Prices incl. 20% VAT
    




                                  kompany provides guaranteed original data from the Common Register Portal of the German Federal States (contracting partner). The price includes the official fee, a service charge and VAT (if applicable).
                              






    You are here: Mg 10-14 Gmbh - Beethovenstraße 71, 60325 Frankfurt, Germany
  





⇪













 



×

Log Out


Login / Sign up


EN / $





Currency
USD




Choose Language
EN
DE
IT
FR






Your Account


Help











                    Your Cart (0 Items)
                  











Checkout

 
    





 



Loading...





$





Subtotal

$
0.00





VAT

$
0.00



Total

$
0.00





The net total will be deducted from your credit, which is currently:
Document prices will be deducted from your credit:
Document prices will be deducted from your credit upon renewal:


Your balance is calculated after successful delivery of your reports.

 1 







Checkout

 
    

Close








Plans









Search







 










Global Company Intelligence

Social Media

Google+
Twitter
Facebook

LinkedIn

Xing
Pinterest
























100% worldwide and authoritative company information including original document filings for KYC, AML, EDD and other compliance processes.
kompany is an official clearing house of the Republic of Austria, a partner of the European Business Register and an official distributor of business registers worldwide, such as Germany’s Common Register Portal, Switzerland’s  ZEFIX, the UK’s Companies House, Ireland’s  CRO, the Netherland’s KvK, and Russia’s Central Registers.























Stay in good kompany
We service over 30,000 Business Customers from over 100 Countries, including large international banking groups, Eurozone Central Banks, “Bulge Bracket” Investment Banks, all The Big 4 Accounting Firms, Government Domain Registrars, International Yellow Page Companies, 25,000+ small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and over 3,300 Law Firms worldwide.

 







Support 24/7

redcarpet@kompany.com
Help
Prices & Products
sales@kompany.com





Customer Area


Compare Plans

 RegisterDirect 


 PEP & Sanctions 


 SMART Enterprise 


 Uptime & Availability Report 


 Finance 


 Risk 


 Procurement 


 Legal & Audit 


 API 


 Document Translation Service 





Information

About kompany
Newsletter
Masthead
General Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Partners
Careers




kompany International


International
Germany
United Kingdom
Austria
Switzerland


Italy
Ireland
Malta
France






Recent searches




Jakob Frankfurt Artemis Property GmbH
Rund Carré Hannover GmbH
Maia Zweiundzwanzigste Vermögensverwaltungs-GmbH
ProfitLine GmbH
Nasalis HQ GmbH




City 1 property developer GmbH & Co. KG
Treveria acht V V GmbH
Volga Real Estate Fund GmbH
German Property Objekt Köln An der Wachsfabrik GmbH & Co. KG
Proxenic GmbH




CMT Holdings GmbH & Co. KG
Haacke LTIF GmbH
Jefferies International Limited, Niederlassung Frankfurt
Treveria Asset Management GmbH
youmex Capital GmbH




Pohlmann & Company - Compliance and Governance Advisory LLP
Bonny 10 GmbH & Co. KG
CCP VII GmbH & Co.KG
AB 65/07 Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH
GPMT AG






© 2012 - 2017, 360kompany GmbH - Mariahilfer Straße 93/2/20, 1060 Vienna, Austria - Commercial Court Vienna FN 375714x - VAT ATU67091005. All rights reserved. MastheadPicture by 
            






 
In order to provide you with the best experience this website uses cookies. By using our website and service, you agree to our use of cookies. View cookie policy


















   









Company


































Company
HYMER ranks among the most innovative, most successful caravan and motorhome manufacturers in Europe today and is a company steeped in tradition.












History




60 years on the moveThe PioneerThe history of the HYMER motorhome.The history of the ERIBA caravan.History of HYMERCAR











Press & News




Press releasesPress picturesContactsPress conference product presentation 2017Press conference CMTPress conference Caravan Salon Düsseldorf











HYMER brand values




Comfort at the highest levelEspecially frugal, particularly good value retentionMaximum safety as standardSetting new standardsCommunity and serviceWhy HYMER?Why ERIBA?Why HYMERCAR?











Erwin Hymer Museum












Awards




Caravaning readers' poll 2017Promobil readers' poll 2017Promobil readers' poll 2016Promobil readers’ poll 2015Promobil readers’ poll 2014European Innovation AwardGerman standards











Partner links

























Contact















  





CompanyCorporate guidelinesFacts and figures LocationsEnvironmentHistoryCustomersProductsEngine fastenersChassis fastenersSpecial fastenersHead shapes MaterialsExpertiseResearch & Development QualityManufacturingKPMFull-Service-ProviderPublicationsAwardsCareerKAMAX worldVacanciesExperts and managersUniversity GraduatesStudentsLocation of the holding Contacts Contact




Contacting KAMAXGet in touch with us


You are here: Home page > Contact


ContactHolding
KAMAX Holding GmbH & Co. KGDr.-Rudolf-Kellermann-Str. 235315 Homberg (Ohm)GermanyTelephone:+49 6633 79-0Fax:+49 6633 79-263Internet: www.kamax.com
E-MailPurchasing: purchasing@kamax.com 
HR: humanresources@kamax.com 
Sales: sales@kamax.com

Contact form




Recipient at KAMAX*

Please select
General enquiries
Purchasing
HR
Sales



Name*



Company



Street



Post code, place



E-Mail*



Your message*










Please fill in at least the fields marked *
Holding
 KAMAX Holding GmbH & Co. KGHomberg (Ohm)
Details


KAMAX Holding GmbH & Co. KG 
Dr.-Rudolf-Kellermann-Str. 2 35315 Homberg (Ohm)Germany
Telephone: +49 6633 79-0 Fax: +49 6633 79-263 E-mail:purchasing@kamax.comhumanresources@kamax.comsales@kamax.comde@kamax.comFounded:1935Departments:Controlling, Human Resources, Industrial Engineering and Logistics, Information Technology, QualityEmployees:65Directions and route planner




 KAMAX Automotive GmbHHomberg (Ohm)
Details


KAMAX Automotive GmbH 
Dr.-Rudolf-Kellermann-Str. 2 35315 Homberg (Ohm)Germany
Telephone: +49 6633 79-0 Fax: +49 6633 79-263 E-mail:purchasing@kamax.comhumanresources@kamax.comsales@kamax.comde@kamax.comFounded:2011Departments:Business Development and Sales, Purchasing, Research and DevelopmentEmployees:75Directions and route planner



Production plants
 KAMAX GmbH & Co. KG Osterode am Harz
Details


KAMAX GmbH & Co. KG 
Petershütter Allee 29 37520 Osterode am HarzGermany
Telephone: +49 5522 315-0 Fax: +49 5522 64 06 E-mail:purchasing@kamax.compersonal-homberg@kamax.comsales@kamax.comde@kamax.comFounded:1935Production in tons:23,000Production in units:178 millionEmployees:400Directions and route planner




 KAMAX GmbH & Co. KGHomberg (Ohm)
Details


KAMAX GmbH & Co. KG  
Dr.-Rudolf-Kellermann-Str. 235315 Homberg (Ohm)Germany
Telephone: +49 6633 79-0Fax: +49 6633 79-263E-mail:purchasing@kamax.compersonal-homberg@kamax.comsales@kamax.comde@kamax.comHomberg founded:1955Homberg and AlsfeldProduction in tons:71,000Production in units:1,071 millionEmployees:1,100Directions and route planner




 KAMAX Tools & Equipment GmbH & Co. KGHomberg (Ohm)
Details


KAMAX Tools & Equipment GmbH & Co. KG
Dr.-Rudolf-Kellermann-Str. 235315 Homberg (Ohm)Germany
Telephone: +49 6633 79-0Fax: +49 6633 79-263Founded:2013Employees:90Directions and route planner




 KAMAX GmbH & Co. KGAlsfeld
Details


KAMAX GmbH & Co. KG 
Am Kreuzweg 436304 AlsfeldGermany
Telephone: +49 6631 7766-0Fax: +49 6631 7766-109E-mail:purchasing@kamax.compersonal-homberg@kamax.comsales@kamax.comde@kamax.comAlsfeld founded: 1970Production in tons: 27,000Production in units: 105 millionEmployees: 240Directions and route planner




 KAMAX k.s.Bardejov 
Details


KAMAX k.s. 
Priemyselná 3752085 01 BardejovSlovakia
Telephone: +421 54 48887-31Fax: +421 54 48887-43E-Mail: sk@kamax.comFounded:2006Production in units:Pressing tools > 80,000Threading tools > 9,000Employees:165Directions and route planner




 KAMAX S.L.U.Museros 
Details


KAMAX S.L.U. 
Calle del Emperador, 4 46136 Museros, Valencia, Comunidad ValencianaSpain
Telephone: +34 96 145-20 25 Fax: +34 96 145-21 79E-mail: es@kamax.comFounded:1952Production in tons:13,000Production in units:292 millionEmployees:245Directions and route planner




 KAMAX s.r.o.Turnov 
Details


KAMAX s.r.o.  
Nudvojovická 1474 511 01 Turnov Czech Republic
Telephone: +420 481 353-111 Fax: +420 481 32 14 52E-mail: cz@kamax.comFounded:1992Production in tons:19,000Production in units:629 millionEmployees:495Directions and route planner




 KAMAX L.P.Troy 
Details


KAMAX L.P.  
500 W. Long Lake Road Troy, Michigan 48098-4599 USA
Telephone: +1 248 879-0200 Fax: +1 248 879-9123 E-mail: us@kamax.comTroy founded:1995KAMAX USA totalProduction in tons:30,000Production in units:623 millionEmployees:420Directions and route planner




 KAMAX L.P.Lapeer 
Details


KAMAX L.P.  
1194 Roods Lake RoadLapeer, Michigan 48446USA
Telephone: +1 810 664-7741Fax: +1 810 664-1273E-mail: us@kamax.comLapeer founded:2006KAMAX USA totalProduction in tons:30,000Production in units:623 Mio.Employees:420Directions and route planner




 KAMAX Automotive Fasteners (China) Co., Ltd.Changzhou City 
Details


 KAMAX Automotive Fasteners (China) Co., Ltd.  
No.25 Changyang Road,Wujin Economic Development Zone, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province,P.R.China 213149
Telephone: +86 519 8011 6666
E-mail: sales-china@kamax.comFounded:2012Employees:60Directions and route planner



Logistics center
 KAMAX s.r.o. Turnov
Details


KAMAX s.r.o. 
Průmyslová zóna Vesecko 494511 01 Turnov Česká republika
Telefon: +420 481 353-111Fax: +420 481 32 14 52E-Mail: cz@kamax.comFounded:2013 Employees:495Directions and route planner 



Sales companies
 KAMAX K.K.Kanagawa
Details


KAMAX K.K.  
580-16 Horikawa-chouSaiwaki-ku, Kawasaki-cityKanagawa-ken 212-0013Kawasaki Tech-center 1F, 103-1 JapanTelefon: +81 44-542-3680Fax: +81 44-533-7480E-Mail: jp@kamax.comFounded:2010Employees:<10Directions and route planner



Joint Venture
 FACIL Corporate BVBAGenk (HQ)
Details


FACIL Corporate BVBA (HQ)  
Fasteners and Connections InternationalIndustriezone Genk Zuid, Zone 9B Geleenlaan 20 3600 GenkBelgium
Telephone: +32 89 3226-50Fax: +32 89 3226-51Internet: www.facil.beE-Mail: info@facil.beFounded:1999Employees:400Directions and route planner





These sites may interest you as well



KAMAX fastener solutions worldwide
Market-leading fastener solutions since 1935





KAMAX product range  
Best products through innovation, quality …





KAMAX knows better than the rest
We set standards in technology and quality

















Terms|Imprint|Data privacy




