



            CNL Healthcare Properties
        



































 






                                    Now available for investments.
                                






                                    Closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.
                                






                 
            










            News | CNL Healthcare Properties
        





































  















 




                                        2017
                                    


09 March 2017


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties Recognizes Three Property Managers For Outstanding Performance
                                                

Read More >




24 January 2017


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties to Hold Valuation Webinar on Feb. 15, 2017
                                                

Read More >





                                        2016
                                    


29 February 2016


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties Earns Top Honors
                                                

Read More >




11 February 2016


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties Commits More Than $1 Billion for Acquisitions and Development in 2015
                                                

Read More >




26 January 2016


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties to Hold Valuation Webinar on Feb. 18, 2016
                                                

Read More >



 View the News Archive





















            Contact | CNL Healthcare Properties
        





























  















 




                                        Contact Us
                                    

                                        CNL Healthcare Properties, Inc.
                                        450 S. Orange Ave.
                                        Orlando, FL 32801
                                    

                                        Contact our managing dealer:
                                        CNL Securities, member FINRA/SIPC
                                        866-650-0650
CNLSecurities.com
info@cnl.com



                                        We are committed to the confidentiality of our clients' information. Please do not send privileged or personal information such as your
                                        social security number or account information via email. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding your account, please call our
                                        Client Services team at 866-650-0650, option 3.
                                    


  



                                            Or fill out the form below (* denotes required fields):
                                        


*Reason for Contact 

                                                        --Select--
                                                    

                                                        Current Shareholder
                                                    

                                                        Financial Advisor
                                                    

                                                        Media Inquiry
                                                    

                                                        Real Estate Partners
                                                    

                                                        Other
                                                    




*First Name 


*Last Name 



Address 


Address 2 



City 


State 


Zip 




*Email Address 


Phone Number 



Firm 


Comments









Submit 












Current Investor
                                            Login





















            CNL Healthcare Properties II
        




































  








Built on Experience





 










                                            Distinct Investment Strategy
                                        

                                            A four-pronged approach to acquiring
                                            and developing properties
                                        

Learn More









                                            Compelling Trends in Seniors Housing & Healthcare
                                        

Learn More









                                            Experienced Management
                                        

                                            Sector experts with an average of
                                            more than 15 years of experience
                                        

Learn More






prev


1


2


3 


next








                                    Latest News
                                



                                            April 5, 2017
                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II Purchases First Property



                                            February 23, 2017
                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II Signs Agreement for First Acquisition



                                            July 11, 2016
                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II Breaks Escrow

Read More 





                                    A Healthcare REIT Built on Experience


                                    With an established track record in seniors housing and healthcare real estate investing, CNL Financial Group (CNL) is an experienced sponsor that has longstanding relationships with leading industry operators.2 Launched in 2016, CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that builds on CNL's expertise to help investors, who are seeking income and long-term growth, capitalize on this continuing opportunity.

                                    With a strategic focus on seniors housing and healthcare real estate, this non-traded REIT offers the:
                                


Opportunity to invest in a durable asset class with strong growth potential.
                                        
Potential for income through quarterly distributions. Please note: Initial distributions will not be fully covered by cash flows from operating activities and will be paid from expense waivers, borrowings and offering proceeds.3

Benefits of CNL's more than 15 years of experience investing approximately $8.3 billion in these two sectors.2,4
                                             
                                        


                                        While the majority of CNL REITs produced positive returns, some prior programs have been adversely affected by general economic conditions and other external factors. There is no assurance the stated objectives will be met.
                                    



1 This photograph is representative of the types of properties CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to develop or acquire.
2 CNL Healthcare Properties II has no operating history. The prior performance of real estate programs sponsored by CNL may not be indicative of the future results of CNL Healthcare Properties II. During select periods, some REIT programs sponsored by CNL had a backlog of redemption requests that were unfulfilled and experienced net operating losses. In addition, two REITs have taken impairment charges on certain properties. During and after the global financial crisis in 2008, some REITs experienced declining performance which impacted the REITs’ valuation. Please read the prospectus before investing.
3 There is no guarantee of future cash distributions or if distributions will be paid at all. See the prospectus for more information.
4 As of Jan. 31, 2017, CNL's total seniors housing and healthcare real estate investment is approximately $7.8 billion of the approximately $8.3 billion collective real estate investment of CNL and its joint venture partners. Data derived from market value of liquidated assets and assets still held by CNL and/or its affiliates.
                                





                                    Resources
                                





                                            Overview Brochure
                                        View




                                            Prospectus
                                        View




                                            Form 1099-DIV
                                        View




















            CNL | CNL Financial Group, Inc. | Real Estate Investments
        

























































Skip to content 







     



CNL








About CNL


Our Leaders


Our Community


CNL Charitable Foundation




Business



Careers


Core Values


Benefits


Talent Development


Cupola Awards


Find a Career




News Releases



Contact Us




  




















                                                EXPERIENCE CNL


                                                Enter the Square® and experience a place where talent and ideas come together to create and compound enduring stakeholder value.
                                            Explore



























Who We Are


                                            We are an alternative investment partner endeavoring to make a world of difference to our clients, partners and the community. +









What We Do


                                            Anchored by over 40 years of thoughtful investing in relationships, we deliver distinctive products, partners and solutions to our clients. +









Work With Us


                                            Join CNL and experience a values-based environment where passion and performance come together to create a dynamic workplace committed to organizational development and individual growth. +
















                                             
                                        

Corporate Capital Trust II Invests in First Originated Transaction


Read more




                                     
                                

                                     
                                













CNL SECURITIES


                                An alternative investment solutions provider serving the broker-dealer community. By partnering with prominent investment organizations, the company has created a distinctive platform to help financial advisors meet clients’ investment needs.
                            




CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II


                                CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that provides an opportunity to invest in the seniors housing and healthcare markets. The REIT intends to qualify and elect REIT tax status beginning with the first year in which they commence material operations, the taxable year ending Dec. 31, 2017.
                            




Corporate Capital Trust II


                                Powered by the resources of CNL and KKR, Corporate Capital Trust II is a non-traded BDC that invests primarily in the debt of privately owned American companies. This offering is not available to residents of Massachusetts.
                            




CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST, INC.


                                Corporate Capital Trust is a non-traded business development company (BDC) that is designed to provide shareholders with monthly income, portfolio diversification and potentially mitigate the impact of rising interest rates.2 Corporate Capital Trust closed to all investors on Oct. 25, 2016.
                            




CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.


                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that focuses on acquiring and developing properties in the seniors housing and healthcare sectors, as well as other income-producing real estate. CNL Healthcare Properties closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.
                            




CNL GROWTH PROPERTIES, INC.


                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on commercial real estate investment opportunities in growth-oriented markets with a focus on multifamily development. CNL Growth Properties closed to new investors on April 11, 2014.
                            




CNL LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES, INC.


                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in income-producing properties with a focus on lifestyle related industries. CNL Lifestyle Properties closed to new investors on April 9, 2011.
                            







1Property shown is owned by CNL Healthcare Properties. This photograph is representative of the types of properties CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to develop or acquire.


2There is no assurance these objectives will be met.
























            Investment Products | CNL Securities
        





































 






Search









MAIN




EDUCATION


OVERVIEW


ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS


REITs


BDCs






ADVISOR RESOURCES


OVERVIEW


INVESTOR-APPROVED MATERIALS


PRACTICE MANAGEMENT


LITERATURE & FORMS






INVEST


OVERVIEW


CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II


CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II


CLOSED OFFERINGS


HOW TO INVEST






ABOUT


OVERVIEW


EXPERIENCE


RELATIONSHIPS


SOLUTIONS


LEADERSHIP


VIDEOS






CONTACT




FINRA BrokerCheck


 






Return






                                Invest With CNL
                            









                                        Our Products
                                    


                                        CNL Securities offers alternative investment solutions that include return strategies designed for a combination of income and growth. Our
                                        products are advised by CNL or in partnership with a leading global investment firm. Advisors can view the prospectuses and risk factors and request a meeting
                                        with a CNL Securities wholesaler to learn more about our current offerings.
                                    

                                        Investors must review the fees and expenses in the prospectus, as there are substantial costs
                                        associated with non-traded REIT and non-traded BDC offerings.
                                    










CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment
                                            trust (REIT) that provides an opportunity to invest in the seniors housing and healthcare markets. The REIT intends to qualify and
                                            elect REIT tax status beginning with the first year in which they commence material operations, the taxable year ending Dec. 31,
                                            2017.


Learn More











Powered by the resources of CNL and KKR, Corporate Capital Trust II is a
                                            non-traded BDC that invests primarily in the debt of privately owned American companies. This offering is not available
                                            to residents of Massachusetts.


Learn More





                                        Closed Offerings
                                    

                                        The following offerings are closed to new investments.
                                    


Corporate Capital Trust


CNL Healthcare Properties


CNL Growth Properties


CNL Lifestyle Properties





                                        Request a Meeting or Call
                                    

                                        Advisors can complete the form below to request a meeting or call with a CNL Securities Regional Vice President. All fields are required.
                                    



                                             
                                        

                                            To meet with a CNL Securities regional vice president, financial advisors must have an active selling agreement. Registered investment
                                            advisors may request a meeting with a CNL Securities regional vice president at any time. We encourage financial advisors to contact
                                            CNL Securities Client Services at 855-209-5234 with any questions or comments. CNL products are exclusively available through
                                            participating selling firms. Prospective investors may contact their financial advisor to determine if investing in a CNL Securities
                                            sponsored product is suitable for them.

1 Property shown is owned by CNL Healthcare Properties, Inc. This photograph is representative of the types of properties
                                            CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to develop or acquire. CNL Healthcare Properties II investors will not acquire an investment in
                                            the property pictured.
                                        















                            CNL Securities Corp., Managing Dealer, Member FINRA | SIPC


                            Financial Advisors Contact: 855-209-5234 | All Other Inquiries, Contact Us



Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Business Continuity Plan


Careers


Site Map


LinkedIn Profile









                            This material is provided by CNL and its affiliates. This material is intended for general use with the public. These investments are not suitable for
                            all investors. CNL and its affiliates cannot provide investment advice for any individual or any individual situation, do not look to this material for
                            investment advice. CNL and affiliates have financial interests that are served by the sale of products it distributes.
                        

                            This is not an offer. Securities can be offered by the prospectus only. Since investing in non-traded business development companies (BDCs) and non-traded real
                            estate investment trusts (REITs) is not suitable for all investors; the prospectus should be read carefully before investing. Investors are advised to consider the investment
                            objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus, which is available at sec.gov, on this website and may be obtained by calling 866-650-0650, contains this and other information
                            about the investment offering.
                        

                            Alternative investments are subject to significant risks, some of which are summarized in the Risk Factors section of this website and are fully detailed in the Risk Factors section in the offering's
                            prospectus. Investors should read and understand all of the
                            risks and the entire prospectus before making a decision to
                            invest.
                        

                            No offering is made to residents of New York, Maryland or any other state, except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities or
                            the respective state securities administrator. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the attorney general of the state of New
                            York, the Maryland Division of Securities, nor any other state securities administrator has passed on or endorsed the merits of any offering or the
                            adequacy or accuracy of this website or the BDCs' or REITs' prospectuses. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
                        


                        © 2017 CNL Securities Corp.| All Rights Reserved.
                    

                        CNL® and the Squares Within Squares design trademarks are used under license from CNL Intellectual Properties, Inc.
                    






CNL Healthcare Properties Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















cnl healthcare properties inc
Public Company

Price not available for CHTH










Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
CNL Healthcare Properties, Inc. is a non-traded real estate investment trust. The Company focuses on acquiring and developing senior housing, acute care, medical office, and other health care facilities. CNL Healthcare Properties serves customers throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

450 South Orange Avenue
Orlando, FL 32801
United States


Phone:
1-407-650-1000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.cnlhealthcareproperties.com





Board Members




Vice Chairman
Company


Thomas Sittema
Corporate Capital Trust Inc








Vice Chairman/President/CEO
Company


Stephen Mauldin
Cnl Healthcare Properties Inc








Board Members
Company




Douglas Benham
Bob Evans Farms Inc/de


James Holladay
Buxton Initiative Inc








Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




CNL Healthcare Properties II Purchases First Property

Apr 04, 2017






Key Executives


Stephen H Mauldin "Steve"


Vice Chairman/President/CEO




Burke Rainey


Chief Accounting Officer




Kevin R Maddron


CFO/COO/Treasurer




Holly J Greer


Senior VP/Secy/General Counsel




Ixchell C Duarte


Senior Vice President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


















































            Literature & Forms | CNL Securities
        







































 






Search









MAIN




EDUCATION


OVERVIEW


ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS


REITs


BDCs






ADVISOR RESOURCES


OVERVIEW


INVESTOR-APPROVED MATERIALS


PRACTICE MANAGEMENT


LITERATURE & FORMS






INVEST


OVERVIEW


CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II


CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II


CLOSED OFFERINGS


HOW TO INVEST






ABOUT


OVERVIEW


EXPERIENCE


RELATIONSHIPS


SOLUTIONS


LEADERSHIP


VIDEOS






CONTACT




FINRA BrokerCheck


 






Return






                                Advisor Resources
                            










                                        Literature & Forms
                                    


                                        Order Investor Kit
                                    

                                        Participating financial advisors can request a copy of a CNL Securities distributed product investor kit.
                                    

                                        Download Forms
                                    

                                        The forms listed below are the most up-to-date forms available for CNL Securities' current and closed product offerings and can be filled out by financial advisors using Adobe Reader. (Download Adobe Reader)
                                    


                                            CNL Healthcare Properties II
                                        



Prospectus


Subscription Agreement


Subscription Agreement (LPL Financial)


Custodian Change Form


Financial Advisor Change Form


Investor Change Form


Distribution Reinvestment Plan Form


Transfer Form


Transfer on Death Beneficiary Form


Secondary Sales Transfer Form





                                            Corporate Capital Trust II
                                        

Corporate Capital Trust II is not available to residents of Massachusetts.
                                            

Prospectus


Subscription Agreement


Subscription Agreement (LPL Financial)


Custodian Change Form


Financial Advisor Change Form


Investor Change Form


Distribution Reinvestment Plan Form


Transfer Form


Transfer on Death Beneficiary Form


Secondary Sales Transfer Form


Wire Instructions





                                            Corporate Capital Trust
                                        

Corporate Capital Trust closed to all investors as of Oct. 25, 2016.
                                            

Custodian Change Form


Financial Advisor Change Form


Investor Change Form


Distribution Reinvestment Plan Form


Transfer Form


Transfer on Death Beneficiary Form


Secondary Sales Transfer Form





                                            CNL Healthcare Properties
                                        

CNL Healthcare Properties closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.
                                            

Prospectus


Custodian Change Form


Financial Advisor Change Form


Investor Change Form


Distribution Reinvestment Plan Form


Transfer Form


Transfer on Death Beneficiary Form


Secondary Sales Transfer Form


Redemption Form





                                            CNL Growth Properties
                                        

CNL Growth Properties closed to new investors on April 11, 2014.
                                            

Custodian Change Form


Financial Advisor Change Form


Investor Change Form


Transfer Form


Transfer on Death Beneficiary Form


Secondary Sales Transfer Form





                                            CNL Lifestyle Properties
                                        

CNL Lifestyle Properties, Inc. closed to new investors on April 9, 2011.
                                            

Custodian Change Form


Financial Advisor Change Form


Investor Change Form


Transfer on Death Beneficiary Form


Transfer Form


Secondary Sales Transfer Form






 
                                    
 
                                    
 
                                    














                            CNL Securities Corp., Managing Dealer, Member FINRA | SIPC


                            Financial Advisors Contact: 855-209-5234 | All Other Inquiries, Contact Us



Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Business Continuity Plan


Careers


Site Map


LinkedIn Profile









                            This material is provided by CNL and its affiliates. This material is intended for general use with the public. These investments are not suitable for all investors. CNL and its affiliates cannot provide investment advice for any individual or any individual situation, do not look to this material for investment advice. CNL and affiliates have financial interests that are served by the sale of products it distributes.
                        

                            This is not an offer. Securities can be offered by the prospectus only. Since investing in non-traded business development companies (BDCs) and non-traded real estate investment trusts (REITs) is not suitable for all investors; the prospectus should be read carefully before investing. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus, which is available at sec.gov, on this website and may be obtained by calling 866-650-0650, contains this and other information about the investment offering.
                        

                            Alternative investments are subject to significant risks, some of which are summarized in the Risk Factors section of this website and are fully detailed in the Risk Factors section in the offering's prospectus. Investors should read and understand all of the risks and the entire prospectus before making a decision to invest.
                        

                            No offering is made to residents of New York, Maryland or any other state, except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities or the respective state securities administrator. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the attorney general of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities, nor any other state securities administrator has passed on or endorsed the merits of any offering or the adequacy or accuracy of this website or the BDCs' or REITs' prospectuses. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
                        


                        © 2017 CNL Securities Corp.| All Rights Reserved.
                    

                        CNL® and the Squares Within Squares design trademarks are used under license from CNL Intellectual Properties, Inc.
                    






Cnl Healthcare Properties, Inc.                                                                                          - Orlando                                           , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Orlando



Real Estate Investment Trusts



Real Estate Investment Trusts



                            Cnl Healthcare Properties, Inc.
                                    



 





















C 


Cnl Healthcare Properties, Inc.                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



450 S ORANGE AVE ORLANDO, FL 32801
Get Directions



(407) 650-1000
www.cnl.com                                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $377,055,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Real Estate Investment Trusts
 Contacts James M Seneff                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


CNL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC operates in the Business Services Industry, specializing in Business Support Services.









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    4 - 14 - 2014
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Losses in CNL Lifestyle Properties? | Salas Wang LLC
















































Salas Wang LLC: A Securities, Litigation, and Immigration Law Firm






Home
About


Attorneys


Jeffrey M. Salas
John C. Wang






Practice Areas


Securities Arbitration & Litigation
Business Litigation
Immigration Law



Current Investigations
Services


Free Portfolio Review
Free Immigration Consultation
Business Litigation:  Alternative Fee Arrangements



Blog
Contact
Estate Planning
Subscribe









Losses in CNL Lifestyle Properties?
November 15, 2012


Salas Wang LLC is announcing its investigation into CNL Lifestyle Properties, a “lifestyle” real estate investment trust headquartered in Orlando, Florida.    Investors in CNL  may have lost over 50% of their principal in the investment.  We believe there are claims against the company and that stockbrokers have been selling this investment to individuals without adequately disclosing the grave risks:

  Cash Flow Risks: “We may have difficulty funding distributions solely from cash flow from operations, which could reduce the funds we have available for investments and your overall return.”  Annual Report, p. 22.


  Inconsistent Stock Pricing:  “The price of our shares is subjective and may not bear any relationship to what a stockholder could receive if their shares were resold.” Id. p. 23.


  Stock Pricing Based on a Non-Market Price:  The REIT “determined the offering price of our shares in our sole discretion based on: [(1)] the price that we believed investors would pay for our shares; [(2)] estimated fees to be paid to third parties and to our Advisor and its affiliates; and [(3)] the expenses of this offering and funds we believed should be available for us to invest in properties, loans and other permitted investments.”  Id.


  No Public Market for Shares:  “There is no public market for our shares on which to base market value and there can be no assurance that one will develop.” Id.


  Unfavorable Market Conditions:  “Our loans may be affected by unfavorable real estate market conditions. When we make loans, we are at risk of default on those loans caused by many conditions beyond our control, including local and other economic conditions affecting real estate values and interest rate levels. We do not know whether the values of the properties collateralizing mortgage loans will remain at the levels existing on the dates of origination of the loans. If the values of the underlying properties drop or in some instances fail to rise, our risk will increase and the value of our interests may decrease.”  Id., p. 18


   Acquisition of Distressed Properties:  When we acquire property by foreclosure following defaults under our mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans, we have the economic and liability risks as the owner of such property. This additional liability could adversely impact our returns on mortgage investments.”  Id., p. 18.


   Lack of Protection from Default:  Further, if there are defaults under our loans, we may not be able to repossess and sell the underlying properties or other security quickly. The resulting time delay could reduce the value of our investment in the defaulted loans. An action to foreclose on a mortgaged property securing a loan is regulated by state statutes and rules and is subject to many of the delays and expenses of other lawsuits if the defendant raises defenses or counterclaims. In the event of default by a mortgagor, these restrictions, among other things, may impede our ability to foreclose on or sell the mortgaged property or to obtain proceeds sufficient to repay all amounts due on our loan. Any failure or delay by a borrower in making scheduled payments to us may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders.  Id., p. 18.


  Subordinated and Unsecured Loans: “We may make loans on a subordinated and unsecured basis and may not be able to collect outstanding principal and interest. Although our loans to third parties are usually collateralized by properties pledged by such borrowers, we have made loans that are unsecured and/or subordinated in right of payment to such third parties’ existing and future indebtedness. In the event of a foreclosure, bankruptcy, liquidation, winding up, reorganization or other similar proceeding relating to such third party, and in certain other events, such third party’s assets may only be available to pay obligations on our unsecured loans after the third party’s other indebtedness has been paid. As a result, there may not be sufficient assets remaining to pay the principal or interest on the unsecured loans we may make.”  Id., p. 18-19.


  Lack of Company Oversight:  “We will not control the management of our properties. In order to maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may not operate certain types of properties we acquire or participate in the decisions affecting their daily operations. Our success, therefore, will depend on our ability to select qualified and creditworthy tenants and managers who can effectively manage and operate the properties. Our tenants will be responsible for maintenance and other day-to-day management of the properties and, because our revenues will largely be derived from rents, our financial condition will be dependent on the ability of third-party tenants and/or operators to operate the properties successfully. We will attempt to enter into leasing agreements with tenants having substantial prior experience in the operation of the type of property being rented, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to make such arrangements. Additionally, if we elect to treat property we acquire as a result of a borrower’s default on a loan or a tenant’s default on a lease as ‘foreclosure property’ for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to operate that property through an independent contractor over whom we will not have control. If our tenants or third-party operators are unable to operate the properties successfully or if we select unqualified managers, then such tenants and operators might not be able to pay our rent, or generate sufficient property-level operating income for us, which could adversely affect our financial condition.”  Id. p. 15

 

   Conflicts of Interest:  “Joint venture partners may have different interests than we have, which may negatively impact our control over our ventures. Investments in joint ventures involve the risk that our co-venturer may have economic or business interests or goals which, at a particular time, are inconsistent with our interests or goals, that the co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives, or that the co-venturer may experience financial difficulties and be unable to fund its share of required capital contributions. Among other things, actions by a co-venturer might subject assets owned by the joint venture to liabilities in excess of those contemplated by the terms of the joint venture agreement or to other adverse consequences. This risk is also present when we make investments in securities of other entities. If we do not have full control over a joint venture, the value of our investment will be affected to some extent by a third party that may have different goals and capabilities than ours. As a result, joint ownership of investments and investments in other entities may adversely affect our returns on investments and, therefore, cash available for distributions to our stockholders may be reduced.”  Id. pp. 14-15.

If you are a CNL investor, please contact Jeffrey Salas at 312.803.4963 or fill out the contact form below.










Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Phone Number
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 


Share/Bookmark

 



{ 0 comments… add one now }



Cancel reply Leave a Comment


Name *
E-mail *
Website








 



Previous post: Chicago Tribune Exposes Labor Violations at Car Washes
Next post: Wells REIT / Columbia Property Trust Investor?





 News/Blog 

Thrivent – Variable Annuity Investigation


Warren Resources Investigation


Linn Energy Investigation


Oppenheimer Investigation


LPL Hit with Fines over Non-Traded REIT Sales


 Recent InvestigationsThrivent - Variable Annuity InvestigationLinn Energy InvestigationOppenheimer InvestigationLPL Hit with Fines over Non-Traded REIT SalesAlton Securities Group InvestigationImmigration NewsState of the Union Promises Immigration Reform A Glimmer of Hope for Some Undocumented Immigrants?Looking for H-1B Visas? Employment Based ImmigrationFamily Based Immigration: Becoming a Legal Permanent ResidentLike Salas Wang LLC on Facebook/Follow Salas Wang LLC on Twitter 





Jeffrey M. Salas
visit superlawyers.com



Privacy Policy 
 








Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.

Speak to an Attorney











