







            CNL Healthcare Properties II
        




































  








Built on Experience





 










                                            Distinct Investment Strategy
                                        

                                            A four-pronged approach to acquiring
                                            and developing properties
                                        

Learn More









                                            Compelling Trends in Seniors Housing & Healthcare
                                        

Learn More









                                            Experienced Management
                                        

                                            Sector experts with an average of
                                            more than 15 years of experience
                                        

Learn More






prev


1


2


3 


next








                                    Latest News
                                



                                            April 5, 2017
                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II Purchases First Property



                                            February 23, 2017
                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II Signs Agreement for First Acquisition



                                            July 11, 2016
                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II Breaks Escrow

Read More 





                                    A Healthcare REIT Built on Experience


                                    With an established track record in seniors housing and healthcare real estate investing, CNL Financial Group (CNL) is an experienced sponsor that has longstanding relationships with leading industry operators.2 Launched in 2016, CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that builds on CNL's expertise to help investors, who are seeking income and long-term growth, capitalize on this continuing opportunity.

                                    With a strategic focus on seniors housing and healthcare real estate, this non-traded REIT offers the:
                                


Opportunity to invest in a durable asset class with strong growth potential.
                                        
Potential for income through quarterly distributions. Please note: Initial distributions will not be fully covered by cash flows from operating activities and will be paid from expense waivers, borrowings and offering proceeds.3

Benefits of CNL's more than 15 years of experience investing approximately $8.3 billion in these two sectors.2,4
                                             
                                        


                                        While the majority of CNL REITs produced positive returns, some prior programs have been adversely affected by general economic conditions and other external factors. There is no assurance the stated objectives will be met.
                                    



1 This photograph is representative of the types of properties CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to develop or acquire.
2 CNL Healthcare Properties II has no operating history. The prior performance of real estate programs sponsored by CNL may not be indicative of the future results of CNL Healthcare Properties II. During select periods, some REIT programs sponsored by CNL had a backlog of redemption requests that were unfulfilled and experienced net operating losses. In addition, two REITs have taken impairment charges on certain properties. During and after the global financial crisis in 2008, some REITs experienced declining performance which impacted the REITs’ valuation. Please read the prospectus before investing.
3 There is no guarantee of future cash distributions or if distributions will be paid at all. See the prospectus for more information.
4 As of Jan. 31, 2017, CNL's total seniors housing and healthcare real estate investment is approximately $7.8 billion of the approximately $8.3 billion collective real estate investment of CNL and its joint venture partners. Data derived from market value of liquidated assets and assets still held by CNL and/or its affiliates.
                                





                                    Resources
                                





                                            Overview Brochure
                                        View




                                            Prospectus
                                        View




                                            Form 1099-DIV
                                        View




















            CNL Healthcare Properties
        



































 






                                    Now available for investments.
                                






                                    Closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.
                                






                 
            










            News | CNL Healthcare Properties
        





































  















 




                                        2017
                                    


09 March 2017


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties Recognizes Three Property Managers For Outstanding Performance
                                                

Read More >




24 January 2017


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties to Hold Valuation Webinar on Feb. 15, 2017
                                                

Read More >





                                        2016
                                    


29 February 2016


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties Earns Top Honors
                                                

Read More >




11 February 2016


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties Commits More Than $1 Billion for Acquisitions and Development in 2015
                                                

Read More >




26 January 2016


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties to Hold Valuation Webinar on Feb. 18, 2016
                                                

Read More >



 View the News Archive





















            Contact | CNL Healthcare Properties
        





























  















 




                                        Contact Us
                                    

                                        CNL Healthcare Properties, Inc.
                                        450 S. Orange Ave.
                                        Orlando, FL 32801
                                    

                                        Contact our managing dealer:
                                        CNL Securities, member FINRA/SIPC
                                        866-650-0650
CNLSecurities.com
info@cnl.com



                                        We are committed to the confidentiality of our clients' information. Please do not send privileged or personal information such as your
                                        social security number or account information via email. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding your account, please call our
                                        Client Services team at 866-650-0650, option 3.
                                    


  



                                            Or fill out the form below (* denotes required fields):
                                        


*Reason for Contact 

                                                        --Select--
                                                    

                                                        Current Shareholder
                                                    

                                                        Financial Advisor
                                                    

                                                        Media Inquiry
                                                    

                                                        Real Estate Partners
                                                    

                                                        Other
                                                    




*First Name 


*Last Name 



Address 


Address 2 



City 


State 


Zip 




*Email Address 


Phone Number 



Firm 


Comments









Submit 












Current Investor
                                            Login

















            CNL Healthcare Properties II | REIT | CNL Securities
        










































 






Search









MAIN




EDUCATION


OVERVIEW


ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS


REITs


BDCs






ADVISOR RESOURCES


OVERVIEW


INVESTOR-APPROVED MATERIALS


PRACTICE MANAGEMENT


LITERATURE & FORMS






INVEST


OVERVIEW


CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II


CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II


CLOSED OFFERINGS


HOW TO INVEST






ABOUT


OVERVIEW


EXPERIENCE


RELATIONSHIPS


SOLUTIONS


LEADERSHIP


VIDEOS






CONTACT




FINRA BrokerCheck


 






Return







                                Invest With CNL
                            









                                        CNL Healthcare Properties II
                                    







Built on Experience


                                                    The market for seniors housing and healthcare real estate may benefit from several large-scale trends that will play out in the United States over the coming decades. With an established track record in these markets, CNL Financial Group (CNL) is an experienced sponsor that has longstanding relationships with leading industry operators.1 Launched in 2016, CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that builds on CNL's expertise to help investors, who are seeking income and long-term growth, capitalize on this continuing opportunity.2





View the Prospectus View the Risk Factors Visit Product Website 




                                             
                                        




                                                        Offering Details
                                                    





                                                        Maximum Offering Size
                                                    

                                                        $2 billion shares of Class A, Class T or Class I common stock
                                                    



                                                        Offering Price Per Share
                                                    

                                                        Class A: $10.93; Class T: $10.50; Class I: $10.00
                                                    



                                                        Minimum Investment
                                                    

                                                        $5,000 
                                                    



                                                        Asset Focus
                                                    

                                                        Seniors housing, medical office, acute care, post-acute care and other income-producing real estate assets
                                                    



                                                        Geographic Focus
                                                    

                                                        United States, with the opportunity for limited international acquisitions
                                                    



                                                        Return Objective3


                                                        Income and growth
                                                    



                                                        Distributions4


                                                        Combination of cash and stock
                                                    



                                                        Distribution Payment Schedule4


                                                        Declared monthly and paid quarterly
                                                    



                                                        Distribution Reinvestment Price
                                                    

See prospectus for details




                                                        Redemption Price5


                                                        Limited redemptions available at the then-current net investment amount or estimated net asset value per share
                                                    



                                                        Tax Form
                                                    

                                                        1099-DIV
                                                    



                                                        Exit Strategy
                                                    

                                                        While there are no assurances regarding the timing of a liquidity event, the board of directors will consider liquidity event options no later than 2023 
                                                    



                                                        Suitability Standards
                                                    

                                                        $250,000 net worth or $70,000 net worth and $70,000 annual gross income (excluding home, furnishings and personal automobiles). Some states may have additional standards. These states include, but are not limited to, AL, CA, IA, ID, KS, KY, MA, MO, ND, NE, NJ, NM, OR, PA and VT.
                                                    




1  CNL Healthcare Properties II has a limited operating history. The prior performance of real estate programs sponsored by CNL may not be indicative of the future results of CNL Healthcare Properties II.
2 CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to qualify and elect REIT tax status beginning with the first year in which it commences material operations, the taxable year ending Dec. 31, 2017.
3 There is no assurance this objective will be met.
4 There is no guarantee of future distributions or if distributions will be paid at all. Due to the high levels of investment costs and fees incurred during the REIT's initial phase, distributions will not be fully covered by cash flows from operating activities and will be paid from expense waivers, borrowings and offering proceeds. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, 100 percent of total distributions were funded by offering proceeds. Distributions paid from sources other than operating cash flow, now and in the future, are not sustainable and can reduce investors' overall return.
5 In no event will more than 5 percent of the weighted average of all share classes of the outstanding shares be redeemed in any 12-month period. Redemption price is determined by the share redemption plan in the prospectus at the time of redemption. The REIT may modify, suspend or terminate the redemption plan at any time.
                                        

                                             
                                        View the Prospectus

                                             
                                        

GENERAL NOTICES


                                            This is not an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy shares of the REIT. Only the prospectus makes such an offer. This piece must be read in conjunction with the prospectus in order to understand fully all the objectives, risks, charges and expenses associated with an investment and must not be relied upon to make a decision. The information herein does not supplement or revise any information in the REIT's public filings. To the extent information herein conflicts with the prospectus, the information in the prospectus shall govern.
                                        

                                            Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and may be identified by words such as believes, expects, may, could and terms of similar substance and speak only as of the date made. Actual results could differ materially due to risks and uncertainties that are beyond the REIT’s ability to control or accurately predict. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                        

                                            Managing dealer of CNL Healthcare Properties II is CNL Securities, member FINRA/SIPC. Shares are offered to the public through selling firms. Selling firms are reminded that the REIT's communications must be accompanied or preceded by a prospectus.
                                        

                                            An investment in the REIT is subject to significant risks, some of which are summarized in the Risk Factors section of this piece and are fully detailed in the Risk Factors section in the REIT’s prospectus. Investors should read and understand all of the risks and the entire prospectus before making a decision to invest. The prospectus is available on sec.gov and cnlhealthcarepropertiesii.com.
                                        

RISK FACTORS


                                            Investing in a non-traded REIT is a higher risk, longer term investment than many listed securities and is not suitable for all investors. Shares may lose value, or investors could lose their entire investment.
                                        

                                            The REIT was recently organized and has a limited operating history on which investors may evaluate operations and prospects for the future. The REIT is a blind pool offering that is in the initial stages of property acquisitions and has made limited investments.
                                        

                                            This is a best-efforts offering and if the REIT raises substantially less than the maximum offering amount, it may not be able to invest in a large variety of portfolio assets, which will subject investors to greater risk.
                                        

                                            Non-traded REITs are illiquid. There is no public trading market for the shares. The REIT does not expect to offer a liquidity event in the near future and investors should be prepared to hold shares for an indefinite period of time. If investors are able to sell their shares, it would likely be at a substantial discount.
                                        

                                            There are significant limitations on the redemption of investors' shares under the REIT's redemption plan. The REIT can determine not to redeem any shares or to redeem only a portion of the shares for which redemption is requested. In no event will more than 5 percent of the weighted average of all share classes of the outstanding shares be redeemed in any 12-month period. The REIT may modify, suspend or terminate the redemption plan at any time. Holding periods may be waived for qualifying events. For more specific information, including redemptions for special circumstances, please refer to the prospectus.
                                        

                                            The REIT is obligated to pay substantial fees to its advisor, managing dealer, property manager and their respective affiliates for their services in managing the day-to-day operations of the REIT based upon agreements that have not been negotiated at arm’s length, and some of which are payable based upon factors other than the quality of services. These fees could influence their advice and judgment in performing services. In addition, certain officers and directors of the advisor also serve as the REIT’s officers and directors, as well as officers and directors of competing programs, resulting in conflicts of interest.
                                        

                                            There is no guarantee of future distributions or if distributions will be paid at all. Due to the high levels of investment costs and fees incurred during the REIT's initial phase, distributions will not be fully covered by cash flows from operating activities and will be paid from expense waivers, borrowings and offering proceeds. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, 100 percent of total distributions were funded by offering proceeds. Distributions paid from sources other than operating cash flow, now and in the future, are not sustainable and can reduce investors’ overall return.
                                        

                                            The per share amount of distributions on Class A, Class T and Class I shares will differ because of the timing of certain class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions on Class T shares and Class I shares will be lower than distributions on Class A shares because the REIT is required to pay ongoing distribution and servicing fees with respect to the Class T shares and Class I shares. These fees are not applicable to Class A shares.
                                        

                                            If the REIT fails to maintain its qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income tax and net earnings available for investment or distributions would be reduced.
                                        

                                            The use of leverage to acquire assets may hinder the REIT’s ability to pay distributions and/or decrease the value of shareholders’ investment.
                                        

                                            There are significant risks associated with the seniors housing and healthcare sectors, including market risks impacting demand, competition from other entities, litigation risks and the cost of being responsive to changing government regulations. The REIT's success in these sectors is dependent, in part, on the ability to evaluate local conditions, identify appropriate opportunities and find qualified tenants or, where properties are acquired through a taxable REIT subsidiary, engage and retain qualified independent managers.
                                        















                            CNL Securities Corp., Managing Dealer, Member FINRA | SIPC


                            Financial Advisors Contact: 855-209-5234 | All Other Inquiries, Contact Us



Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Business Continuity Plan


Careers


Site Map


LinkedIn Profile









                            This material is provided by CNL and its affiliates. This material is intended for general use with the public. These investments are not suitable for all investors. CNL and its affiliates cannot provide investment advice for any individual or any individual situation, do not look to this material for investment advice. CNL and affiliates have financial interests that are served by the sale of products it distributes.
                        

                            This is not an offer. Securities can be offered by the prospectus only. Since investing in non-traded business development companies (BDCs) and non-traded real estate investment trusts (REITs) is not suitable for all investors; the prospectus should be read carefully before investing. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus, which is available at sec.gov, on this website and may be obtained by calling 866-650-0650, contains this and other information about the investment offering.
                        

                            Alternative investments are subject to significant risks, some of which are summarized in the Risk Factors section of this website and are fully detailed in the Risk Factors section in the offering's prospectus. Investors should read and understand all of the risks and the entire prospectus before making a decision to invest.
                        

                            No offering is made to residents of New York, Maryland or any other state, except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities or the respective state securities administrator. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the attorney general of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities, nor any other state securities administrator has passed on or endorsed the merits of any offering or the adequacy or accuracy of this website or the BDCs' or REITs' prospectuses. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
                        


                        © 2017 CNL Securities Corp.| All Rights Reserved.
                    

                        CNL® and the Squares Within Squares design trademarks are used under license from CNL Intellectual Properties, Inc.
                    








            CNL | CNL Financial Group, Inc. | Real Estate Investments
        

























































Skip to content 







     



CNL








About CNL


Our Leaders


Our Community


CNL Charitable Foundation




Business



Careers


Core Values


Benefits


Talent Development


Cupola Awards


Find a Career




News Releases



Contact Us




  




















                                                EXPERIENCE CNL


                                                Enter the Square® and experience a place where talent and ideas come together to create and compound enduring stakeholder value.
                                            Explore



























Who We Are


                                            We are an alternative investment partner endeavoring to make a world of difference to our clients, partners and the community. +









What We Do


                                            Anchored by over 40 years of thoughtful investing in relationships, we deliver distinctive products, partners and solutions to our clients. +









Work With Us


                                            Join CNL and experience a values-based environment where passion and performance come together to create a dynamic workplace committed to organizational development and individual growth. +
















                                             
                                        

Corporate Capital Trust II Invests in First Originated Transaction


Read more




                                     
                                

                                     
                                













CNL SECURITIES


                                An alternative investment solutions provider serving the broker-dealer community. By partnering with prominent investment organizations, the company has created a distinctive platform to help financial advisors meet clients’ investment needs.
                            




CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II


                                CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that provides an opportunity to invest in the seniors housing and healthcare markets. The REIT intends to qualify and elect REIT tax status beginning with the first year in which they commence material operations, the taxable year ending Dec. 31, 2017.
                            




Corporate Capital Trust II


                                Powered by the resources of CNL and KKR, Corporate Capital Trust II is a non-traded BDC that invests primarily in the debt of privately owned American companies. This offering is not available to residents of Massachusetts.
                            




CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST, INC.


                                Corporate Capital Trust is a non-traded business development company (BDC) that is designed to provide shareholders with monthly income, portfolio diversification and potentially mitigate the impact of rising interest rates.2 Corporate Capital Trust closed to all investors on Oct. 25, 2016.
                            




CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.


                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that focuses on acquiring and developing properties in the seniors housing and healthcare sectors, as well as other income-producing real estate. CNL Healthcare Properties closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.
                            




CNL GROWTH PROPERTIES, INC.


                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on commercial real estate investment opportunities in growth-oriented markets with a focus on multifamily development. CNL Growth Properties closed to new investors on April 11, 2014.
                            




CNL LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES, INC.


                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in income-producing properties with a focus on lifestyle related industries. CNL Lifestyle Properties closed to new investors on April 9, 2011.
                            







1Property shown is owned by CNL Healthcare Properties. This photograph is representative of the types of properties CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to develop or acquire.


2There is no assurance these objectives will be met.






















10-K: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,781
+70.00
+0.32%






Nasdaq

6,441
+18.06
+0.28%






S&P 500

2,482
+3.89
+0.16%









12:29 P.M. ET


                                  Kering profit boosted by Gucci sales
                                





 
12:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      Trump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
                                





 
12:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      Hollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami
                                





 
12:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      New rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
                                





 
12:21 P.M. ET


Updated
      Oil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high
                                





 
12:17 P.M. ET


Updated
      Twitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why
                                





 
12:16 P.M. ET


                                  The ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds
                                





 
12:16 P.M. ET


Updated
      Can Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
                                





 
12:16 P.M. ET


Updated
      Starbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern
                                





 
12:12 P.M. ET


Updated
      10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
                                





 
12:12 P.M. ET


                                  Scandal-hit Libor to be phased out
                                





 
12:11 P.M. ET


                                  Comcast earnings buoyed by 'Fast and Furious'
                                





 
12:07 P.M. ET


Opinion
      The stock market is reaching our initial targets
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Jeff Bezos is now the richest person in the world
                                





 
12:00 P.M. ET


                                  Facebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
                                





 
11:59 A.M. ET


                                  Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?
                                





 
11:52 A.M. ET


                                  Charlize Theron is James Bond for the 21st century and that’s more important than you think
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


                                  Boeing shares get a price target upgrade from Canaccord
                                





 
11:46 A.M. ET


Updated
      Stock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies
                                





 
11:40 A.M. ET


Updated
      What Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.
    








    By

Published: Feb 15, 2017 9:33 a.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  Overview  CNL Healthcare Properties II, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that incorporated on July 10, 2015 and intends to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the year ending December 31, 2017 or the first year in which we commence material operations.  We are externally managed and advised by CHP II Advisors, LLC. Our Advisor is responsible for managing our day-to-day affairs and for identifying and making acquisitions and investments on our behalf. We had no operations prior to the commencement of our Primary Offering.  Our investment focus is on acquiring a diversified portfolio of healthcare real estate or real estate-related assets, primarily in the United States, within the seniors housing, medical office, post-acute care and acute care asset classes. The types of seniors housing that we may acquire include active adult communities (age-restricted and age-targeted housing), independent and assisted living facilities, continuing care retirement communities, and memory care facilities. The types of medical office properties that we may acquire include medical office buildings, specialty medical and diagnostic service facilities, surgery centers, outpatient rehabilitation facilities, and other facilities designed for clinical services. The types of post-acute care facilities that we may acquire include skilled nursing facilities, long-term acute care hospitals and inpatient rehabilitative facilities. The types of acute care facilities that we may acquire include general acute care hospitals and specialty surgical hospitals. We view, manage and evaluate our portfolio homogeneously as one collection of healthcare assets with a common goal of maximizing revenues and property income regardless of the asset class or asset type.  We are committed to investing the proceeds of our Primary Offering through strategic investment types aimed to maximize stockholder value by generating sustainable cash flow growth and increasing the value of our healthcare assets. We generally expect to lease seniors housing properties to wholly-owned TRS entities and engage independent third-party managers under management agreements to operate the properties as permitted under RIDEA structures; however, we may also lease our properties to third-party tenants under triple-net or similar lease structures, where the tenant bears all or substantially all of the costs (including cost increases for real estate taxes, utilities, insurance and ordinary repairs). Medical office, post-acute care and acute care properties will be leased on a triple-net, net or modified gross basis to third-party tenants. In addition, we expect most investments will be wholly owned, although, we may invest through partnerships with other entities where we believe it is appropriate and beneficial. We expect to invest in a combination of stabilized assets, new property developments and properties which have not reached full stabilization. Finally, we also may invest in and originate mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans or in entities that make investments similar to the foregoing investment types. We generally make loans to the owners of properties to enable them to acquire land, buildings, or to develop property. In exchange, the owner generally grants us a first lien or collateralized interest in a participating mortgage collateralized by the property or by interests in the entity that owns the property.  Pursuant to the terms of our Primary Offering, offering proceeds were held in escrow until we met the minimum offering amount of $2.0 million. We broke escrow in our Primary Offering effective July 11, 2016 through the sale of 250,000 Class A shares to our Advisor for $2.5 million, which was sufficient to satisfy the minimum offering amount in all states where we are conducting our public offering except Ohio, Pennsylvania and Washington.  Market Opportunities and Trends  We believe that medical care will continue to grow rapidly and steadily for two basic reasons-it is an essential human service for an aging demographic and it is heavily supported by the government. These factors may result in healthcare-related property investments potentially experiencing less economic volatility than other sectors.  In addition, there are indications that significant opportunities for consolidation exist in the seniors housing and healthcare facility sectors, which we believe will create value as our portfolio grows and achieves scale through asset aggregation. A Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research Report entitled "Healthcare REITs: a defensive play on aging demographics" dated September 24, 2013 (the "BofA Report") estimates that the total value of healthcare-related real estate ranges from $700 billion to over $1 trillion, with REIT ownership accounting for only about 14% of the total. This continued ownership fragmentation of the healthcare property industry provides adequate opportunity for growth through consolidation opportunities. The specific trends and characteristics unique to the healthcare sector and the asset classes on which we focus are described in greater detail below.  Demand Drivers for Healthcare Property  The primary drivers behind demand for seniors housing, medical office, acute care and post-acute care properties are the aging of the U.S. population and growth in national healthcare expenditures.  Expanded Healthcare Insurance Coverage. As the U.S. population over the age of 65 increases, more Americans become entitled to Medicare to cover their increasing healthcare needs and related costs. In addition, under The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the "Affordable Care Act") and other legislation, healthcare insurance coverage has expanded in recent years to cover more of the non-elderly, lower income populations. According to the National Center for Health Statistics, less than 9 percent of the population did not have health insurance coverage at the beginning of 2016, down from 16 percent at the time the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010. The resulting expansion of U.S. healthcare insurance coverage has created an increase in demand for healthcare services and healthcare facilities of all types. There is a risk however that the Affordable Care Act could be repealed in the future and may be replaced with new legislation, the effects of which are unknown at this time. The impact of repealing existing legislation, or introducing new legislation, could materially increase the uninsured population in the U.S. who are not able to obtain or afford health insurance coverage. We believe efforts to preserve and increase access to care will remain a primary focus of the new administration.  The Aging of America. According to a December 2014 report of the U.S. Census Bureau, 12,000 people in the United States will turn 65 every day until 2060. Most recent US Census Bureau projections (as of December 2014) estimate that by 2060, 98 million Americans , or 23.6% of the U.S. population, will be 65 years or older, compared to 14.9% of the population in 2015, an anticipated increase of 105% in the senior population between 2015 and 2060. The graph below depicts the projected increase in the size of the senior population in the United States over time based upon national population projections by the U.S. Census Bureau:  [[Image Removed]]  Source: US Census Bureau, December 2014  Disability is defined under the ADA as a substantial limitation in a major life activity. Research indicates that age is positively correlated with the presence of a physical disability, and the oldest people have the highest levels of both physical and cognitive disabilities. With the increasing age of the U.S. population, the healthcare system faces an increase in the population with age-related physical and cognitive disabilities, which require increased supportive health care services as well as housing options for older adults. Additionally, we expect an increased demand for healthcare facilities providing physician and ancillary care services for such disabilities.  Rising Healthcare Expenditures. The rise in the aging population, the expansion of U.S. healthcare insurance coverage through Medicare or other means, and medical technology innovations contribute to increasing healthcare expenditures. National healthcare spending is projected to increase from approximately 16 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2013 to approximately 25 percent by 2040 according to "The 2015 Long-Term Budget Outlook", produced by the Congressional Budget Office in June 2015.  The following graph depicts the projected rise in the national healthcare expenditures in the U.S. between 2000 and 2025:  [[Image Removed]]  Source: 1-"National Health Expenditure Projections 2015-2025," The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Office of the Actuary, National Health Statistics Group. 2-GDP Projections from "An Update to the Budget and Economic Outlook:  As Americans age, they spend more on healthcare. The following graph depicts the increase in average annual per capita spending by Americans on healthcare as they age:  [[Image Removed]]  Source: "Health Expenditures by Age and Gender," The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, 2012.  Seniors Housing and Post-Acute Care Supply and Demand  Demographics and Existing Units. According to a National Center for Health Statistics report entitled "Health: United States, 2015" dated May 2016, individuals who are 65 years old in 2014 can expect to live, on average, an additional 19.3 years, up from an average of 13.9 additional years for those aged 65 in 1950 - a net gain of 5.4 years. Americans 65 years and older have longer life expectancies than the elderly did in the past and will therefore need additional housing options to accommodate their special needs as they age. Demand for seniors housing options is currently outpacing the existing supply of seniors housing units. According to the ASHA Special Issue Brief: A Projection of Demand for Market Rate U.S. Seniors Housing 2015-2040, American Seniors Housing Association, Winter 2016, the projected annual demand growth for seniors housing will increase as "baby boomers" pass the over-75 age-threshold after 2020, increasing from the level of 25,000 units per year from 2015 to 2020 to a demand of 92,000 units per year from 2025 to 2030. The ASHA Special Issue Brief projects that approximately 1.8 million senior living units need to be constructed by 2040 to accommodate aging Americans at the same market penetration rate encountered today.  [[Image Removed]]  Source: A Projection of Demand for Market Rate U.S. Seniors Housing 2015-2040, American Seniors Housing Association, Winter 2016.  The supply growth of certain seniors housing asset classes over the last decade declined following a boom in seniors housing development in the 1990's. Since 2008, there has been modest growth in the total national inventory of seniors housing units according to National Investment Center for Seniors Housing & Care ("NIC") data, with a compound annual growth rate of 2.0% for seniors housing facilities as of the end of 2016. However, the number of new seniors housing units under construction is increasing. Muted supply growth has helped rental levels recover and occupancy improve despite a modest economic recovery. The following graph depicts seniors housing supply-demand trends for independent living and assisted living combined:  [[Image Removed]]  Source: National Investment Center for Seniors Housing & Care, NIC MAP Property Trend, Q4-2016  According to data from the NIC for the fourth quarter of 2016, overall seniors housing occupancy in the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas ("MSAs") was 89.4%. As of the fourth quarter of 2016, occupancy was 3.1 percentage points above its cyclical low of 87.1% during the first quarter of 2010. In 2016, inventory of seniors housing units grew by 27,076 units. This growth in inventory has contributed to a decline in overall occupancy by 0.6 percentage points from year end 2015. We believe seniors housing development will remain at an acceptable level given the growth in aging demographics, and that sufficient demand exists to absorb the new development units over time.  Rise in the Prevalence of Alzheimer's disease. According to a study funded by the Alzheimer's Association and NIH/National Institute on Aging, the number of people in the U.S. with Alzheimer's disease may nearly triple by 2050, straining our healthcare system and taxing the resources of caregivers. Barring the development of medical breakthroughs to prevent or slow the disease, approximately 13.8 million people age 65 and older are projected to have Alzheimer's disease by 2050. The following graph depicts the projected rise in the number of senior population with Alzheimer's disease in the U.S. broken down by three age groups.  Source: Hebert LE, Weuve J, Scherr PA, Evans DA. Alzheimer disease in the United States (2010-2050) estimated using the 2010 Census. .  According to a National Center for Health Statistics Data Brief dated November 2013, in 2010, approximately 42% of individuals living in residential care communities had Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia. We believe that the projected rise in the incidence of Alzheimer's disease creates a need for seniors housing options that address the specialized needs of Alzheimer's and other dementia patients and their families, which often cannot be addressed in a traditional home setting.  Stronger U.S. Housing Market. As the broader economy recovers and the U.S. residential real estate market strengthens, it is widely believed that the demand for seniors housing will continue to grow as the "baby boomer" generation reaches retirement and transitions to active adult communities and other seniors housing facilities. Seniors often sell their homes and use the proceeds to pay rent in private-pay retirement communities creating a strong correlation between seniors housing demand and home prices. According to data from a December 2016 report from the Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University (the "Joint Center Report"), the number of households headed by seniors will increase more than 60% over the next two decades. As the senior population ages into their late 70s and this segment of the population grows, they tend to seek more accessible and convenient living options. The Joint Center Report states the sheer growth in the older population will mean the number of renter households will expand from 6 to more than 11 million households over the next two decades. Overall, the share of renters will increase slightly, from 21 percent of older households in 2015 to 23 percent in 2035.  Seniors Housing and Post-Acute Care Asset Classes  Based on the above fundamentals and perceived trends, we may invest in or develop the following classes of seniors housing and post-acute care properties:  Seniors Housing Communities  Active Adult Communities. Active adult communities offer social and recreational-centered living in a setting that may include town homes, condominiums, cluster homes, manufactured housing, single family homes and multi-family housing. These communities are generally classified as either:  Independent Living Facilities. Independent living facilities are age-restricted, multi-family rental or ownership (condominium) housing with central dining facilities that provide residents, as part of a monthly fee, meals and other services such as housekeeping, linen service, transportation, social and recreational activities.  Assisted Living Facilities. Assisted living facilities are usually state-regulated rental properties that provide the same services as independent living facilities, but also provide, in a majority of the units, supportive care from trained employees to residents who are unable to live independently and require assistance with activities of daily living. The additional services may include assistance with bathing, dressing, eating, and administering medications.  Continuing Care Retirement Communities. Continuing care retirement communities offer age-restricted seniors housing facilities with a combination of independent living lifestyle options for individuals who do not need constant physician or nursing supervision and assisted living or skilled nursing facilities available to residents on the same or adjacent property of the complex. This type of community generally offers a longer term contract for seniors that provides for housing, services and nursing care with varying payment plans that may include entrance fees and condominium or cooperative rental programs. In general, these properties provide residential living in an apartment-style building with services and dining usually on the main level. In addition, those in a campus-like setting of several acres may offer other individual multi-family homes and offer amenities that may be similar to those found in an active adult community.  Memory Care/Alzheimer's Facilities. Those suffering from the effects of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of memory loss need specialized care. Memory care/Alzheimer's centers provide the specialized care for this population including residential housing and assistance with the activities of daily living.  Post-Acute Care Properties  Skilled Nursing Facilities. A skilled nursing facility generally provides the highest level of care for older adults outside of a hospital and also provides custodial care and assistance with the activities of daily living. Skilled nursing facilities differ from other seniors housing facilities in that they also provide a high level of medical care. A licensed physician supervises each patient's care and a nurse or other medical professional is almost always on the premises. Skilled nursing care is available on site, usually 24 hours a day. Other medical professionals, such as occupational or physical therapists, are also available. This allows the delivery of medical procedures and therapies on site that would not be possible in other housing options.  Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals. Long-term acute care hospitals, or LTACHs, are certified as acute care hospitals, but focus on patients who, on average, stay more than 25 days. Many of the patients in LTACHs are transferred from a hospital-based intensive or critical care unit. LTACHs specialize in treating patients who may have more than one serious condition, but who may improve with time and care and eventually return home. Services provided in LTACHs typically include comprehensive rehabilitation, respiratory therapy, head trauma treatment and pain management.  Inpatient Rehabilitative Facilities. Inpatient rehabilitative facilities are licensed facilities that provide intensive rehabilitation programs to patients who typically have complex medical issues resulting from incidents of trauma or strokes. They focus on providing high levels of physical, occupational and speech therapy under the supervision of highly trained medical doctors, staff and therapists.  Medical Office Building and Acute Care Property Supply and Demand  Demographics and Existing Space. The increased demand for medical office buildings, acute care and post-acute care properties is also supported by an aging population and increased health insurance coverage. As Americans 65 years and older have longer life expectancies than in the past, their need for health related services is projected to increase the need for additional healthcare properties. In 2012, persons over age 65 were 14 percent of the U.S. population but accounted for 27 percent of physician visits in the U.S. According to the 2012 National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey, individuals over age 65 made an average of 5.9 visits to physicians' offices in 2012, or 2.7 times the number of visits made by individuals under 45 years of age. The graph below depicts the average number of physicians' visits in the U.S. by age group in 2012.  Source: CDC/NCHS, National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey, 2012  Evolution of the U.S. Healthcare Model. Rising healthcare costs create pressure within the healthcare industry to move from an inpatient to an outpatient delivery setting in order to provide service more efficiently and contain costs. The outpatient model of healthcare services results in declining hospital admissions and overnight stays with a focus toward performing certain procedures and diagnostic services in a more consumer-centric, cost-effective setting. According to the Urban Land Institute Report, almost 65% of all surgeries today do not require an overnight hospital stay, compared with only 16% of all surgeries in 1980. Technology advances are also driving patient demand for more medical services and the space in which to deliver them. The shift to outpatient surgeries also continues to be encouraged by technological advances that involve smaller incisions, improved anesthetics, less risk of infection and faster recoveries. The increase in outpatient procedures drives greater demand for medical office buildings and other healthcare properties in which such procedures can be performed.  The following graph depicts the increase in outpatient surgeries vs. inpatient surgeries in the United States under the new, evolving U.S. healthcare model:  [[Image Removed]]  Source: Trendwatch Chartbook 2016: American Hospital Association  Consumer-Driven Healthcare Model. Today's patients often select their doctors based not only on the quality of care offered but also on the ease of access to such doctors. Hospitals are therefore expanding into community-based settings and encouraging large practices to open satellite offices. According to the "Medical Office Research Report" published by Marcus & Millichap in 2013, this bodes well for medical office building owners, as many  providers, including physician practices affiliated with or owned by major health systems, will favor well-located, multi-tenant medical office buildings, particularly those with tenant rosters that promote cross-referrals. At the same time, however, some share of tenant demand will be diverted to storefront clinics and large ambulatory care centers.  Medical Office Buildings and Acute Care Property Asset Classes  Based on the increased numbers of insured Americans, increased healthcare visits by a growing, aging U.S. population and an evolving U.S. healthcare model driving a need for additional healthcare properties, we may invest in or develop the following classes of medical office buildings, acute care properties and other healthcare-related properties:  Medical Office Buildings. These properties include traditional medical office buildings, specialty medical and diagnostic service facilities, surgery centers, outpatient rehabilitation facilities and other facilities designated for clinical services. The buildings may be located on the campus of a hospital, adjacent to campus, or as a "hub and spoke" location whereby the hospital desires to establish a presence in a particular market. Medical office buildings may also be unaffiliated with a health system and could be multi-tenant or single-tenant in nature.  Acute Care Properties. These properties include specialty hospitals which are primarily or exclusively engaged in the care and treatment of patients having a cardiac or orthopedic condition or patients undergoing a surgical procedure. General acute care hospitals also fall within the category of acute care properties and offer a variety of services including operating and recovery rooms, imaging and diagnostic services, delivery and neonatal care, oncology services, clinical laboratory services, physical therapy and other outpatient services.  Other Healthcare-Related Properties  Other healthcare-related properties in which we believe there are opportunities based on current supply and demand factors are pharmaceutical and medical supply manufacturing facilities, laboratories, life-science and research facilities.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  General  Our primary source of capital is expected to be the net proceeds that we receive from our Offering. We will use such amounts for investments in properties and other permitted investments, as well as the payment or reimbursement of fees and expenses relating to the selection, acquisition and development of properties and other permitted investments. Generally, once we make investments, we expect to meet cash needs for items other than acquisitions from our cash flows from operations, and we expect to meet cash needs for acquisitions from net proceeds from our Offering and borrowings. However, until such time as we are fully invested, we may use proceeds from our Offering and/or borrowings to pay all or a portion of our operating expenses, distributions and debt service.  We intend to strategically leverage our real estate assets and use debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of properties and the diversification of our portfolio. Our ability to increase our diversification through borrowings could be adversely affected by credit market conditions, which could result in lenders reducing or limiting funds available for loans, including loans collateralized by real estate. We may also be negatively impacted by rising interest rates on any unhedged variable rate debt or the timing of when we seek to refinance existing debt. During times when interest rates on mortgage loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on a timely basis, we may purchase certain properties for cash with the intention of obtaining a mortgage loan for a portion of the purchase price at a later time. Potential future sources of capital include proceeds from collateralized or uncollateralized financings from banks or other lenders. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures.  The number of properties and other permitted investments we may acquire or make will depend on the number of shares sold through our Offering and the resulting net proceeds available for investment.  Sources of Liquidity and Capital Resources  Common Stock Subscriptions  For the year ended December 31, 2016, we received aggregate subscription proceeds of approximately $6.4 million (0.6 million shares), which includes approximately $251,250 (25,125 shares) of subscription proceeds received in connection with a Private Placement and approximately $3,000 (300 shares) of . . .  Feb 15, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks


This is the make-or-break level for stock-market bulls


Stock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





Stock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies





This Awesome Oven Is Your New Personal Chef




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:30 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:30pKering profit boosted by Gucci sales
12:29pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
12:29pHollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami
12:29pNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
12:21pOil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high
12:17pTwitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why
12:17pCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
12:16pStarbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern
12:16pThe ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds
12:12p10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
12:12pScandal-hit Libor to be phased out
12:11pComcast earnings buoyed by 'Fast and Furious'
12:08pThe stock market is reaching our initial targets
12:06pJeff Bezos is now the richest person in the world
12:00pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
12:00pWho and What Is Covered by Medicaid?
11:52aCharlize Theron is James Bond for the 21st century and that’s more important than you think
11:47aBoeing shares get a price target upgrade from Canaccord
11:47aStock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies
11:40aWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,780.25

+69.24
+0.32%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,439.43

+16.68
+0.26%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.48

+3.65
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































            Business | CNL Financial Group, Inc. | Real Estate Investments
        

























































Skip to content 







     



CNL








About CNL


Our Leaders


Our Community


CNL Charitable Foundation




Business



Careers


Core Values


Benefits


Talent Development


Cupola Awards


Find a Career




News Releases



Contact Us




  












                         
                    




Business


                                        Anchored by over 40 years of thoughtful investing in relationships, we deliver distinctive products, partners and solutions to our clients.
                                    














     
















CNL SECURITIES


                                                An alternative investment solutions provider serving the broker-dealer community. By partnering with prominent investment organizations, the company has created a distinctive platform to help financial advisors meet clients’ investment needs.
                                            

Visit Site >











                                    Investment Offerings
                                

                                    The following are alternative investment solutions currently available on our platform that include return strategies designed for a combination of income and growth. Our products are advised solely by CNL or in partnership with a leading private equity firm.
                                







CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II


                                                Powered by the resources of CNL and KKR, Corporate Capital Trust II is a non-traded BDC that invests primarily in the debt of privately owned American companies. This offering is not available to residents of Massachusetts.
                                            

Visit Site >









                                            Investors will not acquire an investment in the property pictured1



CNL Healthcare Properties II


                                                CNL Healthcare Properties II is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that provides an opportunity to invest in the seniors housing and healthcare markets. The REIT intends to qualify and elect REIT tax status beginning with the first year in which they commence material operations, the taxable year ending Dec. 31, 2017.
                                            

Visit Site >











                                    Closed Offerings
                                






CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC


                                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that focuses on acquiring and developing properties in the seniors housing and healthcare sectors, as well as other income-producing real estate. CNL Healthcare Properties closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.
                                            

Visit Site >










CNL GROWTH PROPERTIES, INC


                                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on commercial real estate investment opportunities in growth-oriented markets with a focus on multifamily development. CNL Growth Properties closed to new investors on April 11, 2014.
                                            

Visit Site >










CNL LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES, INC


                                                A non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in income-producing properties with a focus on lifestyle related industries. CNL Lifestyle Properties closed to new investors on April 9, 2011.
                                            

Visit Site >










CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST, INC


                                                Corporate Capital Trust is a non-traded business development company (BDC) that is designed to provide shareholders with monthly income, portfolio diversification and potentially mitigate the impact of rising interest rates.2 Corporate Capital Trust closed to all investors on Oct. 25, 2016.
                                            

Visit Site >












1Property shown is owned by CNL Healthcare Properties. This photograph is representative of the types of properties CNL Healthcare Properties II intends to develop or acquire.
                                    

2There is no assurance these objectives will be met.
                                    



































            Closed Offerings | CNL Securities
        







































 






Search









MAIN




EDUCATION


OVERVIEW


ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS


REITs


BDCs






ADVISOR RESOURCES


OVERVIEW


INVESTOR-APPROVED MATERIALS


PRACTICE MANAGEMENT


LITERATURE & FORMS






INVEST


OVERVIEW


CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II


CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II


CLOSED OFFERINGS


HOW TO INVEST






ABOUT


OVERVIEW


EXPERIENCE


RELATIONSHIPS


SOLUTIONS


LEADERSHIP


VIDEOS






CONTACT




FINRA BrokerCheck


 






Return






                                Invest With CNL
                            









                                        Closed Offerings
                                    








Corporate Capital Trust closed to new investors on Oct. 25, 2016.


                                                    Corporate Capital Trust, a non-traded business development company (BDC), provides investors an opportunity to invest in the debt of privately owned American companies.
                                                




Visit Product Website 




                                             
                                        






CNL Healthcare Properties closed to new investors on Sept. 30, 2015.


                                                    CNL Healthcare Properties is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) designed for income and growth. The REIT's focus is primarily on acquiring and developing a portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties, as well as other income-producing real estate assets.
                                                





                                                        Dogwood Forest of Acworth in Acworth, Georgia
                                                    Visit Product Website 




                                             
                                        







CNL Growth Properties closed to new investors on April 11, 2014.


                                                    CNL Growth Properties is a non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) strategically designed for growth. This REIT seeks commercial real estate investment opportunities in growth-oriented markets with a focus on multifamily development. 






                                                        Woodfield Long Point, a multifamily development in the Charleston area of Mount Pleasant, S.C.
                                                    Visit Product Website 




                                             
                                        






CNL Lifestyle Properties, Inc. closed to new investors on April 9, 2011.

                                                    CNL Lifestyle Properties is a non‑traded REIT that invested in a diversified collection of lifestyle and other income‑producing assets such as ski and mountain lifestyle, golf, attractions, senior housing, marinas and additional lifestyle properties.
                                                




Visit Product Website 







 
                                    
 
                                    
 
                                    














                            CNL Securities Corp., Managing Dealer, Member FINRA | SIPC


                            Financial Advisors Contact: 855-209-5234 | All Other Inquiries, Contact Us



Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Business Continuity Plan


Careers


Site Map


LinkedIn Profile









                            This material is provided by CNL and its affiliates. This material is intended for general use with the public. These investments are not suitable for all investors. CNL and its affiliates cannot provide investment advice for any individual or any individual situation, do not look to this material for investment advice. CNL and affiliates have financial interests that are served by the sale of products it distributes.
                        

                            This is not an offer. Securities can be offered by the prospectus only. Since investing in non-traded business development companies (BDCs) and non-traded real estate investment trusts (REITs) is not suitable for all investors; the prospectus should be read carefully before investing. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus, which is available at sec.gov, on this website and may be obtained by calling 866-650-0650, contains this and other information about the investment offering.
                        

                            Alternative investments are subject to significant risks, some of which are summarized in the Risk Factors section of this website and are fully detailed in the Risk Factors section in the offering's prospectus. Investors should read and understand all of the risks and the entire prospectus before making a decision to invest.
                        

                            No offering is made to residents of New York, Maryland or any other state, except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities or the respective state securities administrator. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the attorney general of the state of New York, the Maryland Division of Securities, nor any other state securities administrator has passed on or endorsed the merits of any offering or the adequacy or accuracy of this website or the BDCs' or REITs' prospectuses. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
                        


                        © 2017 CNL Securities Corp.| All Rights Reserved.
                    

                        CNL® and the Squares Within Squares design trademarks are used under license from CNL Intellectual Properties, Inc.
                    






CHTH Stock Price - CNL Healthcare Properties Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,780.23


69.22


0.32%











S&P 500

2,481.49


3.66


0.15%











Nasdaq

6,439.33


16.59


0.26%











GlobalDow

2,851.83


2.30


0.08%











Gold

1,261.40


5.80


0.46%











Oil

49.05


0.30


0.62%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
6.9




KIM 
6.4




CHTR 
5.5






CA
-8.4




JCI
-8.1




FFIV
-7.4




WHR
-7.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:29p

Kering profit boosted by Gucci sales



12:28p

Updated
Trump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’



12:28p

Updated
Hollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami



12:28p

Updated
New rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues



12:21p

Updated
Oil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high



12:17p

Updated
Twitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why



12:16p

The ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds



12:16p

Updated
Can Snap fall even more as lockups expire?



12:16p

Updated
Starbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern



12:12p

Updated
10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


CHTH


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



CHTH
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


CNL Healthcare Properties Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateCHTHAlert



  


Open

Last Updated:  EDT



$
0.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$-





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Open: 0.00
Last: 0.00



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range




Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
n/a



Public Float
176.34M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a




 


Performance






  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.
10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.

May. 11, 2017 at 3:06 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.
10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.

May. 11, 2017 at 1:43 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.


Mar. 16, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.


Feb. 15, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.


Nov. 10, 2016 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.


Nov. 10, 2016 at 9:50 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.


Aug. 10, 2016 at 5:12 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









CNL Healthcare Properties II Purchases First Property


Apr. 4, 2017 at 6:50 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





CNL Healthcare Properties II Signs Agreement for First Acquisition


Feb. 22, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





CNL Healthcare Properties to Hold Valuation Webinar on Feb. 15, 2017


Jan. 24, 2017 at 12:48 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Anchor Health Properties Executes on Significant Growth Plans in 2016


Jan. 5, 2017 at 3:46 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

3.35%








AMZN

1.49%








CLF

-7.76%








TWTR

-13.26%








SBUX

1.90%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:30 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:30pKering profit boosted by Gucci sales
12:29pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
12:29pHollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami
12:29pNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
12:21pOil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high
12:17pTwitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why
12:17pCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
12:16pStarbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern
12:16pThe ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds
12:12p10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
12:12pScandal-hit Libor to be phased out
12:11pComcast earnings buoyed by 'Fast and Furious'
12:08pThe stock market is reaching our initial targets
12:06pJeff Bezos is now the richest person in the world
12:00pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
12:00pWho and What Is Covered by Medicaid?
11:52aCharlize Theron is James Bond for the 21st century and that’s more important than you think
11:47aBoeing shares get a price target upgrade from Canaccord
11:47aStock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies
11:40aWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,779.36

+68.35
+0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,439.36

+16.61
+0.26%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.48

+3.65
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:31 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:30pKering profit boosted by Gucci sales
12:29pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
12:29pHollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami
12:29pNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
12:21pOil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high
12:17pTwitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why
12:17pCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
12:16pStarbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern
12:16pThe ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds
12:12p10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
12:12pScandal-hit Libor to be phased out
12:11pComcast earnings buoyed by 'Fast and Furious'
12:08pThe stock market is reaching our initial targets
12:06pJeff Bezos is now the richest person in the world
12:00pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
12:00pWho and What Is Covered by Medicaid?
11:52aCharlize Theron is James Bond for the 21st century and that’s more important than you think
11:47aBoeing shares get a price target upgrade from Canaccord
11:47aStock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies
11:40aWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,780.10

+69.09
+0.32%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,439.52

+16.77
+0.26%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.54

+3.71
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




12:31 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:30pKering profit boosted by Gucci sales
12:29pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
12:29pHollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami
12:29pNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
12:21pOil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high
12:17pTwitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why
12:17pCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
12:16pStarbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern
12:16pThe ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds
12:12p10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house
12:12pScandal-hit Libor to be phased out
12:11pComcast earnings buoyed by 'Fast and Furious'
12:08pThe stock market is reaching our initial targets
12:06pJeff Bezos is now the richest person in the world
12:00pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
12:00pWho and What Is Covered by Medicaid?
11:52aCharlize Theron is James Bond for the 21st century and that’s more important than you think
11:47aBoeing shares get a price target upgrade from Canaccord
11:47aStock market sets another round of records  as Facebook rallies
11:40aWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,778.94

+67.93
+0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,439.30

+16.55
+0.26%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.43

+3.60
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































CHTH Stock Price - CNL Healthcare Properties Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,780.10


69.09


0.32%











S&P 500

2,481.56


3.73


0.15%











Nasdaq

6,439.54


16.79


0.26%











GlobalDow

2,851.85


2.32


0.08%











Gold

1,261.30


5.70


0.45%











Oil

49.05


0.30


0.62%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
6.9




KIM 
6.4




CHTR 
5.5






CA
-8.4




JCI
-8.0




FFIV
-7.4




WHR
-7.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:29p

Kering profit boosted by Gucci sales



12:28p

Updated
Trump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’



12:28p

Updated
Hollywood fighting Netflix is like yelling at an oncoming tsunami



12:28p

Updated
New rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues



12:21p

Updated
Oil struggles for direction, but holds ground near 2-month high



12:17p

Updated
Twitter says flat user growth is ‘seasonal,’ but it can’t explain why



12:16p

The ‘lost generation’ has recovered on the jobs front, research finds



12:16p

Updated
Can Snap fall even more as lockups expire?



12:16p

Updated
Starbucks earnings: Well-positioned for global growth, but same-store sales a concern



12:12p

Updated
10 questions to ask yourself before you buy — or sell — a house












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


CHTH


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



CHTH
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


CNL Healthcare Properties Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateCHTHAlert



  


Open

Last Updated:  EDT



$
0.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$-





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Open: 0.00
Last: 0.00



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range




Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
n/a



Public Float
176.34M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a




 


Performance






  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.
10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.

May. 11, 2017 at 3:06 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.
10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.

May. 11, 2017 at 1:43 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.


Mar. 16, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.


Feb. 15, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.


Nov. 10, 2016 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.


Nov. 10, 2016 at 9:50 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES II, INC.


Aug. 10, 2016 at 5:12 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









CNL Healthcare Properties II Purchases First Property


Apr. 4, 2017 at 6:50 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





CNL Healthcare Properties II Signs Agreement for First Acquisition


Feb. 22, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





CNL Healthcare Properties to Hold Valuation Webinar on Feb. 15, 2017


Jan. 24, 2017 at 12:48 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Anchor Health Properties Executes on Significant Growth Plans in 2016


Jan. 5, 2017 at 3:46 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

3.36%








AMZN

1.42%








CLF

-7.76%








TWTR

-13.31%








SBUX

1.92%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












Cnl Healthcare Properties News
	| Owler








































 We just sent you an email to verify your account. Check your inbox!     
				Resend verification link > 




































Sign In  
Sign In 

Sign Up













EDIT Address
EDIT Funding
EDIT Acq
EDIT CEO
EDIT Name And Picture
EDIT CEO Link
EDIT Acq Link
EDIT Links
EDIT Funding
EDIT Address Link
EDIT Twitter Link
EDIT Facebook Link








            You have just joined {{count}} of your colleagues at {{name}} who read the Owler Daily Snapshot everyday.
        

            You have just joined over 1 million business professionals on Owler who read the Daily Snapshot everyday.
        

            Go to 'My Portfolio' to follow the companies that matter to you to customize your Daily Snapshot.
        














ALERT
{{task_c.msg}}

Ok










What section would you like to update?
What does it mean to update a profile?






 Company Logo
 Company Name & URL
 Company Description
 Founded Date
 Company Status
 HQ Address
 Social Links




 CEO Name & Picture
 Competitor Set
 Funding Events
 Acquisition Events
 Revenue
 Headcount
 Industry Links



What does it mean to update a profile?





Owler is a community of business professionals working together to build a database of company information. One contribution reaches thousands of members across the Owler community.
When you contribute on Owler you're shaping the database for all people consuming Owler data. Your updates will flow through to company profiles, competitive intelligence reports, daily snapshots and more. All verified members of the Owler community can update Owler profiles.  Members help the community by sharing data, such as a company's headquarters, and also by weighing-in on sentiment-based questions, such as CEO rating.
Community members make this all happen. That being said, each data update is reviewed by at least one other person to ensure accuracy. All updates are kept anonymous. Happy updating!


< BACK




















 





ADD COMPANY
						LOGO 



ADD COMPANY
						LOGO 


ADD COMPANY
					LOGO 


Edit founded date
Edit oveview
Edit Website URL
Edit Links
Edit Industry Tags






{{companyBasicDetails.name}}
 |   {{companyBasicDetails.website | removeHttpPrefix}}




{{companyBasicDetails.description}}



Click here to provide a company description for
						{{companyBasicDetails.name}}
					







FOLLOW ({{company_num_of_followers}})
FOLLOWING ({{company_num_of_followers}})







EDIT PROFILE ({{companyBasicDetails.profileCompletenessScore}}%)







SHARE






















			Back to	Profile
		

{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} News


Filter



Select Filter
(All)
(None)




{{filter.FeedCategoryDisplayName}}


Apply Changes


Back to Profile












{{feed.title}}


{{feed.title}}

{{feedsCtrl.getArticleDescription(feed)}}

{{feed.source}}
+ {{feed.cluster_count-1}} 
                            	OTHER SOURCES

{{feed.feed_time}}



Share







There are currently no items.



 There
							are no filters Present Turn
								on some filters to view feed items.






There are currently no items.



  Follow More
									companies
 prospects, clients,
								partners, vendors, investments, etc...





Back to Profile





















Sorry!
Editing data is currently only available on tablets or desktops

Email our support team >





















 Your team is already using Owler. 
 Join them. 










{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}


















73% of high-growth companies use Owler every day.
Unlock {{compName}} company profile by entering your work email








Sign me up for Owler's email products. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details.



{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}



{{SignUpEmailErrorMsg}}





Sign me up for Owler's email products. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details.



{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}



{{SignUpEmailErrorMsg}}





Sign In >
Sign In >






Hmmm...are you sure that's your work email?



We can't add you to your team if we don't have your work email.







{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}






{{email}} is my work email >
I don't have a work email >








Last thing...we promise.

                            Where do you work?
                        







{{CompanyErrorMsg}}




{{CompanyErrorMsg}}







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Losses in CNL Lifestyle Properties? | Salas Wang LLC
















































Salas Wang LLC: A Securities, Litigation, and Immigration Law Firm






Home
About


Attorneys


Jeffrey M. Salas
John C. Wang






Practice Areas


Securities Arbitration & Litigation
Business Litigation
Immigration Law



Current Investigations
Services


Free Portfolio Review
Free Immigration Consultation
Business Litigation:  Alternative Fee Arrangements



Blog
Contact
Estate Planning
Subscribe









Losses in CNL Lifestyle Properties?
November 15, 2012


Salas Wang LLC is announcing its investigation into CNL Lifestyle Properties, a “lifestyle” real estate investment trust headquartered in Orlando, Florida.    Investors in CNL  may have lost over 50% of their principal in the investment.  We believe there are claims against the company and that stockbrokers have been selling this investment to individuals without adequately disclosing the grave risks:

  Cash Flow Risks: “We may have difficulty funding distributions solely from cash flow from operations, which could reduce the funds we have available for investments and your overall return.”  Annual Report, p. 22.


  Inconsistent Stock Pricing:  “The price of our shares is subjective and may not bear any relationship to what a stockholder could receive if their shares were resold.” Id. p. 23.


  Stock Pricing Based on a Non-Market Price:  The REIT “determined the offering price of our shares in our sole discretion based on: [(1)] the price that we believed investors would pay for our shares; [(2)] estimated fees to be paid to third parties and to our Advisor and its affiliates; and [(3)] the expenses of this offering and funds we believed should be available for us to invest in properties, loans and other permitted investments.”  Id.


  No Public Market for Shares:  “There is no public market for our shares on which to base market value and there can be no assurance that one will develop.” Id.


  Unfavorable Market Conditions:  “Our loans may be affected by unfavorable real estate market conditions. When we make loans, we are at risk of default on those loans caused by many conditions beyond our control, including local and other economic conditions affecting real estate values and interest rate levels. We do not know whether the values of the properties collateralizing mortgage loans will remain at the levels existing on the dates of origination of the loans. If the values of the underlying properties drop or in some instances fail to rise, our risk will increase and the value of our interests may decrease.”  Id., p. 18


   Acquisition of Distressed Properties:  When we acquire property by foreclosure following defaults under our mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans, we have the economic and liability risks as the owner of such property. This additional liability could adversely impact our returns on mortgage investments.”  Id., p. 18.


   Lack of Protection from Default:  Further, if there are defaults under our loans, we may not be able to repossess and sell the underlying properties or other security quickly. The resulting time delay could reduce the value of our investment in the defaulted loans. An action to foreclose on a mortgaged property securing a loan is regulated by state statutes and rules and is subject to many of the delays and expenses of other lawsuits if the defendant raises defenses or counterclaims. In the event of default by a mortgagor, these restrictions, among other things, may impede our ability to foreclose on or sell the mortgaged property or to obtain proceeds sufficient to repay all amounts due on our loan. Any failure or delay by a borrower in making scheduled payments to us may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders.  Id., p. 18.


  Subordinated and Unsecured Loans: “We may make loans on a subordinated and unsecured basis and may not be able to collect outstanding principal and interest. Although our loans to third parties are usually collateralized by properties pledged by such borrowers, we have made loans that are unsecured and/or subordinated in right of payment to such third parties’ existing and future indebtedness. In the event of a foreclosure, bankruptcy, liquidation, winding up, reorganization or other similar proceeding relating to such third party, and in certain other events, such third party’s assets may only be available to pay obligations on our unsecured loans after the third party’s other indebtedness has been paid. As a result, there may not be sufficient assets remaining to pay the principal or interest on the unsecured loans we may make.”  Id., p. 18-19.


  Lack of Company Oversight:  “We will not control the management of our properties. In order to maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may not operate certain types of properties we acquire or participate in the decisions affecting their daily operations. Our success, therefore, will depend on our ability to select qualified and creditworthy tenants and managers who can effectively manage and operate the properties. Our tenants will be responsible for maintenance and other day-to-day management of the properties and, because our revenues will largely be derived from rents, our financial condition will be dependent on the ability of third-party tenants and/or operators to operate the properties successfully. We will attempt to enter into leasing agreements with tenants having substantial prior experience in the operation of the type of property being rented, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to make such arrangements. Additionally, if we elect to treat property we acquire as a result of a borrower’s default on a loan or a tenant’s default on a lease as ‘foreclosure property’ for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to operate that property through an independent contractor over whom we will not have control. If our tenants or third-party operators are unable to operate the properties successfully or if we select unqualified managers, then such tenants and operators might not be able to pay our rent, or generate sufficient property-level operating income for us, which could adversely affect our financial condition.”  Id. p. 15

 

   Conflicts of Interest:  “Joint venture partners may have different interests than we have, which may negatively impact our control over our ventures. Investments in joint ventures involve the risk that our co-venturer may have economic or business interests or goals which, at a particular time, are inconsistent with our interests or goals, that the co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives, or that the co-venturer may experience financial difficulties and be unable to fund its share of required capital contributions. Among other things, actions by a co-venturer might subject assets owned by the joint venture to liabilities in excess of those contemplated by the terms of the joint venture agreement or to other adverse consequences. This risk is also present when we make investments in securities of other entities. If we do not have full control over a joint venture, the value of our investment will be affected to some extent by a third party that may have different goals and capabilities than ours. As a result, joint ownership of investments and investments in other entities may adversely affect our returns on investments and, therefore, cash available for distributions to our stockholders may be reduced.”  Id. pp. 14-15.

If you are a CNL investor, please contact Jeffrey Salas at 312.803.4963 or fill out the contact form below.










Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Phone Number
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 


Share/Bookmark

 



{ 0 comments… add one now }



Cancel reply Leave a Comment


Name *
E-mail *
Website








 



Previous post: Chicago Tribune Exposes Labor Violations at Car Washes
Next post: Wells REIT / Columbia Property Trust Investor?





 News/Blog 

Thrivent – Variable Annuity Investigation


Warren Resources Investigation


Linn Energy Investigation


Oppenheimer Investigation


LPL Hit with Fines over Non-Traded REIT Sales


 Recent InvestigationsThrivent - Variable Annuity InvestigationLinn Energy InvestigationOppenheimer InvestigationLPL Hit with Fines over Non-Traded REIT SalesAlton Securities Group InvestigationImmigration NewsState of the Union Promises Immigration Reform A Glimmer of Hope for Some Undocumented Immigrants?Looking for H-1B Visas? Employment Based ImmigrationFamily Based Immigration: Becoming a Legal Permanent ResidentLike Salas Wang LLC on Facebook/Follow Salas Wang LLC on Twitter 





Jeffrey M. Salas
visit superlawyers.com



Privacy Policy 
 








Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.

Speak to an Attorney
















cnl healthcare - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Group Health Insurance - UnitedHealthcare Official



Ad
 ·
smallbusiness.uhc.com



Get Small Business Health Insurance Coverage from UnitedHealthcare.




2017 Health Insurance Plans - Lowest Prices Guaranteed



Ad
 ·
www.individualhealthquotes.com



Shop BlueCross, Aetna, Cigna, Humana, UHC & More. Find Coverage From $22/Month!





Individual Health Plans



Free Health Quotes




1 (888) 204 5232



Individual & Family Plans





CNL Lifestyle Investor? - Losing Money in CNL Lifestyle?



Ad
 ·
salaswang.com



Losing Money in CNL Lifestyle? You may have recovery options




AARP Medicare Supp Ins Plans - From UnitedHealthcare Ins. Co.



Ad
 ·
www.AARPMedicareSupplement.com/​AARP



Learn More About Medicare Supplement Plans and Request a Free Decision Guide Now





Get A Free Decision Guide



Apply Online



Learn More About Medicare
















CNL Financial Group




company's divisions include CNL Commercial Real Estate, CNL Securities Corp. CNL Lifestyle Properties, CNL Growth Properties, CNL Healthcare Properties,

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

CNL Financial Group - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/CNL_Lifestyle_Properties


CNL Financial Group (CNL), formerly Commercial Net Lease, ... CNL Growth Properties, CNL Healthcare Properties, Global Income Trust and Corporate Capital Trust. ...


Clinical nurse leader - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Clinical_nurse_leader


Clinical Nurse Leader (CNL) ... clinical assessment, finance management, epidemiology, healthcare systems leadership, clinical informatics, and pharmacology.


American Association of Colleges of Nursing - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/American_Association_of_Colleges_of_Nursing


The American Association of Colleges of Nursing (AACN) ... (CNL) role into the healthcare delivery system while promoting the benefits of CNL certification.


Stock price and news - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/lookup/CNL


View the basic stock information on AOL Finance and compare against other companies


CNL Center City Commons - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/CNL_Center_City_Commons


CNL Center City Commons is a complex of buildings in Downtown Orlando. The main building is a 250 foot tall skyscraper that is the headquarters of CNLBank, Alliance ...


CityNightLine - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/CityNightLine


Health Law; Healthcare ... SBB-CFF-FFS and ÖBB have since ended their collaboration with CNL. As the predecessor joint CityNightLine ... CityNightLine was acquired ...


CNL Financial Group - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/CNL_Hospitality_Properties


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Incidents at CNL Income Properties parks - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Incidents_at_CNL_Income_Properties_parks


Incidents at CNL Income Properties parks. Source: ... The result of a guest's known or unknown health issues. Negligence on the part of the park, ...


Centre national du livre - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Centre_national_du_livre


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


National Literature Centre - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/National_Literature_Centre


The National Literature Centre (Luxembourgish: Lëtzebuerger Literaturarchiv, French: Centre national de littérature), abbreviated CNL, is the national literary ...










Group Health Insurance - UnitedHealthcare Official



Ad
 ·
smallbusiness.uhc.com



Get Small Business Health Insurance Coverage from UnitedHealthcare.




2017 Health Insurance Plans - Lowest Prices Guaranteed



Ad
 ·
www.individualhealthquotes.com



Shop BlueCross, Aetna, Cigna, Humana, UHC & More. Find Coverage From $22/Month!





Individual Health Plans



Free Health Quotes




1 (888) 204 5232



Individual & Family Plans





CNL Lifestyle Investor? - Losing Money in CNL Lifestyle?



Ad
 ·
salaswang.com



Losing Money in CNL Lifestyle? You may have recovery options




AARP Medicare Supp Ins Plans - From UnitedHealthcare Ins. Co.



Ad
 ·
www.AARPMedicareSupplement.com/​AARP



Learn More About Medicare Supplement Plans and Request a Free Decision Guide Now





Get A Free Decision Guide



Apply Online



Learn More About Medicare




Searches related tocnl healthcare



cnl lifestyle properties liquidation


cnl healthcare properties share price


cnl healthcare properties redemption


what is a cnl



cnl healthcare properties stock price


clinical nurse leader certification


cnl income properties reit


cnl financial group




12345Next

Related Searches



cnl lifestyle properties liquidation


cnl healthcare properties share price


cnl healthcare properties redemption


what is a cnl


cnl healthcare properties stock price


clinical nurse leader certification


cnl income properties reit


cnl financial group




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








