







MICHAEL J WHITMER - COLEMAN, MI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



COLEMAN



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MICHAEL J WHITMER
                                    



 





















M 


MICHAEL J WHITMER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



815 N COLEMAN RD COLEMAN, MI 48618
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $70,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts MICHAEL J WHITMER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Michael J Whitmer has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Coleman. Michael J Whitmer has estimated annual revenues of $70,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























































	Chubb Insurance in the US










 Chubb Group Executives
                  Michael Coleman   


 Michael Coleman, Vice President, Chubb GroupDivision President, North America Agriculture 
Michael Coleman is Vice President, Chubb Group and Division President, North America Agriculture. He has executive operating responsibility for Chubb’s commercial property and casualty (P&C) insurance business that serves farmers and other agribusiness clients in the U.S. His responsibilities encompass strategy, production, product development and management, and P&L performance.
Prior to ACE’s acquisition of Chubb in January 2016, Mr. Coleman served as Division President, ACE Agriculture, a position he held since 2012.
Mr. Coleman has more than 30 years of insurance industry experience, including 25 with Chubb and its predecessor companies. He has served as a Director on the board of Rain and Hail, one of one of the leading providers of crop insurance in the U.S., and following ACE’s acquisition of the company in 2010, Mr. Coleman assumed an expanded role, including responsibility for the farm property and casualty businesses in 2011, and the commercial agriculture operations with ACE’s acquisition of Penn Millers in late 2011.
Mr. Coleman was previously Director of Select Markets with CIGNA Property and Casualty (an Chubb predecessor company) and served in various underwriting and claim management roles with CIGNA Reinsurance. Previously, Mr. Coleman held claim management positions with Safeco Insurance Company and Continental Insurance Company.
Mr. Coleman received a Bachelor of Science degree from West Chester University and holds the Charter Property and Casualty Underwriter (CPCU) designation.
 







Coleman, Michael J MD 600 N Wolfe St Baltimore, MD Doctors - MapQuest







































































































    Coleman, Michael J MD
  

600 N Wolfe St

Baltimore
MD
21287




 Reviews



(410) 955-5000

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























Stuart Little Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Brian Doyle-Murray, Estelle Getty, Julia Sweeney, Dabney Coleman, Michael J. Fox, Nathan Lane, Chazz Palminteri - Newegg.com





















































































Skip to:
Content
|
|
Footer



Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.
If you are reading this message, Please  click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button).  Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.
Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!


	If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. 
	Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly.
	












Feedback


















    iframe for layout








Home > 
Software & Services > Books - Textbooks > DVD, Blu-ray - Movies & TV > Sony Pictures Home Entertainment > Item#: 9SIAA765858022





























Back To Combo





Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.












Skip Image Gallery























                Stuart Little Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Brian Doyle-Murray, Estelle Getty, Julia Sweeney, Dabney Coleman, Michael J. Fox, Nathan Lane, Chazz Palminteri
            


















        Share
    






















                    Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
                


                Sold and Shipped by Deep_Discount a-seller
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Marketplace Seller








                            Kids/Family
                        

                            Director Rob Minkoff
                        

                            DVD
                        

















    LOADING...













Stuart Little Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Brian Doyle-Murray, Estelle Getty, Julia Sweeney, Dabney Coleman, Michael J. Fox, Nathan Lane, Chazz Palminteri




                                Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
                            









Back To Top




Specifications

Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A









Specifications

Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A









Plot|Movie TitlesStuart LittleSynopsisThe adventures of a heroic and debonair stalwart mouse named Stuart Little with human qualities, who faces some comic misadventures while searching for his lost bird friend and living with a human family as their child.Details|FormatDVDColorColorRatingPGRatingReasonbrief languageGenreKids/FamilyYear1999Release Date2000-04-18Cast and Crew|DirectorRob MinkoffCastGeena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Brian Doyle-Murray, Estelle Getty, Julia Sweeney, Dabney Coleman, Michael J. Fox, Nathan Lane, Chazz Palminteri





Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information



Manufacturer Contact Info
Website: http://www.sonypictures.com/|
Support Email: consumer@SPHECustomerSupport.sony.com|
Support Website|
View other products from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment






Return Policies
This item is covered by Deep_Discount Return Policy.








 Loading...
	        



	        Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details.















            Loading...
        














Select options to continue.











Sold and Shipped by:

Deep_Discount






            Ask 
                Deep_Discount about:
        











Stuart Little Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Brian Doyle-Murray, Estelle Getty, Julia Sweeney, Dabney Coleman, Michael J. Fox, Nathan Lane, Chazz Palminteri


Your Email

This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your  email to contact you



                        What's your question?(0/500)


This field is required.


Anti-Spam Validation



                        Submit ►












Rating:0/5 (43)




Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Marketplace Seller









Add to Compare




Add to Wish List







Selected Items



Reset
compare
















Best Service Sellers





FastMedia




                                                Sold and Shipped by:
                                            

FastMedia






            Ask 
                FastMedia about:
        











Stuart Little Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Brian Doyle-Murray, Estelle Getty, Julia Sweeney, Dabney Coleman, Michael J. Fox, Nathan Lane, Chazz Palminteri


Your Email

This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your  email to contact you



                        What's your question?(0/500)


This field is required.


Anti-Spam Validation



                        Submit ►








Rating:0/5 (152)






                                                        Ships from United States. 
                                                    


















                Are you an E-Blast Insider?
            

                     
                










        Thank you for subscribing
    

        Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.
    

        Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.
    

        See Today's E-Blast Promo
    









Shop without retyping payment details.  Secure shopping made faster.Check out with PayPal.











This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits.  Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:

Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on  2- or 1-day delivery
Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website
No re-stocking fees


            Learn More | 
            Sign-in



Condition Guidelines 


The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.

New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty.
Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details.
Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.Open Box items usually do not come with manufacturer or vendor warranty or technical support. However, warranty support may be available if an item was never registered by a previous owner. Please contact the manufacturer to check.
Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product may includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category.
Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.































Price Available at Checkout
Why can’t we show you details of this product?Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.

How do I find out the price?Add it to your shopping cartGo to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order SummaryYou can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" buttonTo keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product?Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.


Why can’t we show you details of this product?Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.












                        Policy & Agreement
                    | 
                        Privacy Policy
                    
                
         © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.
		 All rights reserved.
    




 
Close














                        close window
                    





    If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
















Michael J Coleman - Gilman, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael J Coleman in Gilman, CT


Michael J Coleman

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael J Coleman  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Gilman, CT.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Michael J Guarantor
Michael D Coleman


Get Report Now

Age

Michael J Coleman is in his 40s

Michael Has Lived In

Gilman, CT
Norwich, CT
Burlington, MA

Michael's Relatives

Christopher Coleman
Maureen Coleman
Margaret Coleman
Patrick Coleman







Michael J Coleman



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Sales Manager at Acronis , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael J Coleman
Get a Criminal Check on Michael J Coleman
Get a Public Record Report on Michael J Coleman
Get a People Search Report on Michael J Coleman


Michael J Coleman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael J Coleman has lived as well as Michael J Coleman's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael J Coleman Has Lived in 4 States
Connecticut Address for Michael J Coleman


502 F********* R* 

Gilman, CT


Has Lived In

Gilman, CT
Norwich, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael J Coleman

(860) ***-**** - Norwich, CT 
(860) ***-**** - Norwich, CT 
(612) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael J Coleman

m*************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Michael J Coleman's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael J Coleman's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael J Coleman has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael J Coleman Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Acronis , Inc.
               Title: Sales Manager
Company: AAPT Limited
               Title: Senior Analyst Programmer
Michael J Coleman's Experience
Title: Sales Manager
               Company: Acronis , Inc.
Job Details
               Acronis sets the standard for New Generation Data Protection through its backup, disaster recovery, and secure access solutions. Powered by the AnyData Engine and set apart by its image technology, Acronis delivers easy, complete and safe backups of all files, applications and OS across any environment -- virtual, physical, cloud and mobile.
Title: Senior Analyst Programmer
               Company: AAPT Limited
Job Details
               AAPT is Australia's third-largest telecommunications company, offering local and long distance voice, mobile, data and internet services for residential, business, government and wholesale customers, via its extensive national fibre network. AAPT is 100% owned by Telecom New Zealand, New Zealand's largest listed company and one of the top 20 largest listed companies on the Australian Stock Exchange. Formed in 1991 as Telstra's first competitor in long distance voice and data services, AAPT's mission is to offer customers a true alternative telecommunications service.
Additional Professional Information on Michael J Coleman

 See Michael J Coleman's LinkedIn Profile



Michael J Coleman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael J Coleman


Michael J Coleman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael J Coleman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Coleman
Username Matches

                  MichaelColeman
                  ColemanMichael
                  Michael.Coleman
                  Coleman.Michael
                  Michael_Coleman
                  Coleman_Michael
                  Michael-Coleman
                  Coleman-Michael
                  MColeman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Coleman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017














Coleman Michael J | Troy MI | Read Reviews + Get a Free Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Coleman, Michael J?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Coleman, Michael J
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






C







BZ Score:
93







License # 6201019079



 Troy, MI 








Coleman, Michael J




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
93







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Troy

 



Updated: Jun 28, 2016





Overview

Coleman, Michael J in Troy, MI holds a Professional Engineer  license (6201019079) according to the Michigan license board. Their BuildZoom score of 93 ranks in the top 27% of 167,179 Michigan licensed contractors.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Coleman, Michael J, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 






Project Types Offered



Structural Engineering
Other Architecture and Engi...






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Coleman, Michael J




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Plumbing



3040 Gloucester Dr, Sterling Heights, MI, 48310
2016-06-28


No Description Available 


Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

PP16-0407



Status:

ISSUED



Fee:

$84



Permit Type:

Residential Alter...



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors
See more









350 S Lafayette St, South Lyon, MI 48178


Heinanen Engineering, Inc




License # CONT-0458


South Lyon, MI







107

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


24
Projects














Washington, MI 48094


Alliance Engineering Inc




License # 2102123732


Washington, MI







102

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


1
Project














6111 Sterling Dr. N, Sterling Heights, MI 48312


Temperature Engineering Corp




License # CONT-1375


Sterling Heights, MI







103

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


3
Projects













Coleman, Michael J Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Coleman, Michael J. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Coleman, Michael J










1
Rate this engineer







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this engineer.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Coleman, Michael J,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





93


Coleman, Michael J








107


Heinanen Engineering, Inc







102


Alliance Engineering Inc







103


Temperature Engineering Corp






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #6201019079StatusActiveStateMichiganTypeProfessional Engineer


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of October, 2013. Check the current license status of Coleman, Michael J with the Michigan Department of Licensing & Regulatory Affairs












93




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Michigan:













Does Coleman, Michael J carry a valid contracting license?



Michigan requires contractors performing any work on residential properties to be licensed with the Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs. 
Coleman, Michael J currently holds license 6201019079 (Professional Engineer), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Michigan?



Contractors in Michigan must complete a 60 hour approved prelicensure education class prior to taking a buisness and law exam. Contractors are required to take continuing education upon renewal of an active license. 











Your liability risk when hiring Coleman, Michael J



Michigan requires licensed contractors to carry an active workers' compensation policy. Although general liability insurance is not required under Michigan state law, it is always advisable to hire contractors who carry it. Request copies of the certificates for both forms of insurance for your records. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Michigan, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Coleman, Michael J
We will attempt to deliver your message to Coleman, Michael J. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.































































