


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















NewDay USA | Home



















855-723-7570Get Started



As a veteran, you've earned the right to apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan.
Borrow up to 100% of your home’s value, including the mortgage balance. With today’s home values, you could have a lot more money available than you realize.
Get Started


Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch, USN (Ret.)
Executive Chairman, NewDay USA



As a veteran, you've earned the right to apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan.
Get Started


America's Mortgage Company for Veterans












Refinance and Get Cash
Refinance up to 100% of your home’s value including the mortgage balance, and get the money you need for your family and home.
NEWDAY 100 VA LOAN

 










Lower Your Rate
Take advantage of today’slow rates before they go up further.
LOW RATE REFI VA LOAN

 










Buy a Home
Zero down payment—your service is your down payment. Plus, Zero points options available and Zero PMI.[1]
ZERO DOWN VA HOME LOAN

 












Free VA Home Appraisal that saves you up to $500 or more.2


And your loan could close in as little as 30 days after we receive your home’s appraisal.3












Our Mission
NewDay USA is building our nation's leading VA mortgage company serving America's Veterans and their families.
We’re on a mission to help Veteran homeowners take advantage of one of their most valuable VA benefits they have earned: the rightto apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan for up to 100% of the home’s value, including mortgage balance.
Get Started










About Us
We understand what it means to be a Veteran.
Strength. Character. Commitment. NewDay USA is 100% focused on the needs of Veterans. Led by former military leaders, NewDay has helped thousands of Veterans get the money they need for their family and home. And we are ready to help you now.
Learn more about what we stand for





HAVE QUESTIONS?Call Today:855-723-7570


HAVE A RESERVATION NUMBER? 















  
 






You gave 100% to our country, we're honored to offer 100% to you.
Get Started
Or call: 855-723-7570








Third party fees still apply, such as title company charges, recordation fee, insurance, VA funding fee.
NewDay will pay for your home's appraisal as part of the loan approval process. We pay VA appraisal fee when you submit fully documented application, sign intent to proceed, loan meets program guidelines. Valid for VA loans only. Invalid in WA.
70% of customers' loans close 30 days or less from receipt of appraisal. 


Resume Reading


























NewDay USA | About NewDay



















855-723-7570Get Started






Why NewDay USA?
Your years of military service have earned you the right to apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan. Our mission? To help Veterans like you get the financial security and peace of mind you deserve.

Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch, USN (Ret.)
Executive Chairman, NewDay USA











Veterans Serving Veterans




No one understands the needs of service members and Veterans, or the VA loan process, better than NewDay USA. Our executive team includes top retired military leaders. We’ve helped thousands of Veterans refinance to get the money they need, lower their payments, or buy a home. We stand ready to do the same for you.
Get Started


















WORLD-CLASS SERVICE
It’s more than our belief. It's what we do. You can expect the same quality of service from any team member.

 










INTEGRITY
We live the values we stand for, every single day. We’ve become a trusted industry leader by ensuring quality, compliance and accountability.

 










GIVING BACK
Our core passion and purpose is to improve the lives of service members, veterans, and our community. Serving is a defining value for us all.

 











NewDay USA Board of Advisors


NewDay USA Foundation Board of Advisors


NewDay USA Leadership Team




Our Board of Advisors and Leadership Team are made up of the best and brightest, including Rear Admiral Tom Lynch, Marine Corps Commandant General Jim Jones, and Secretary of Veterans Affairs Jim Nicholson. They bring the strength of character and commitment that sets NewDay apart.




Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch (USN, Ret.)
Executive Chairman
Bio





Hon. R. James Nicholson

Bio





General James L. Jones (USMC, Ret.)

Bio





Regina Lowrie

Bio







Hon. Joseph J. Murin
Chairman Emeritus
Bio





Walter Rolph

Bio





David Loeser

Bio





Helping America’s Veterans is at our core. Financial education. Improved housing. Scholarships. We devote thousands of hours to charities that improve the lives of past, current, and future service members: The USO, The Medal of Honor Foundation, The Education Center at the Vietnam Memorial, and The Military Bowl.




Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch (USN, Ret.)
Executive Chairman
Bio





Rob Posner
Chief Executive Officer
Bio





Lieutenant General Benjamin C. Freakly (USA, Ret.)

Bio







Jerry L. Johnson

Bio





Pete Retzlaff

Bio





Bruce Giacoma

Bio





Like generations before us, we believe it’s our obligation to create opportunities for tomorrow.




Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch (USN, Ret.)
Executive Chairman
Bio





Rob Posner
Chief Executive Officer
Bio





Paul Thompson III
Chief Financial Officer
Bio





Patrick Mackin
Chief Operating Officer
Bio







Maylene Tan Khieu
Chief Compliance Officer
Bio





Dr. Xing Liu
Chief Risk Officer
Bio





Michael Turner
Chief Technology Officer
Bio







Crystal Raines
VP, Compliance
Bio





Chao Deng
SVP, Accounting and Finance
Bio





12th Sergeant Major of the Army Jack Tilley
Leadership Development Coach
Bio





14th Sergeant Major of the USMC Al McMichael
Leadership Development Coach
Bio







9th Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Jim Herdt
Leadership Development Coach
Bio





13th Chief Master Sergeant of the USAF Jim Finch
Leadership Development Coach
Bio





8th Master Chief Petty Officer of the Coast Guard Vince Patton
Leadership Development Coach
Bio















What can we do for you? Call and tell us what you need.
With today’s home values, you could have a lot more money available than you realize.
Get Started








Resume Reading


























NewDay USA | Get Cash



















855-723-7570Get Started








Get the cash
you need.



Get the cash
you need.


Veteran compensated for participation. 






Refinance your mortgage for up to 100% of your home’s value, including the mortgage balance.




Why a NewDay 100 VA loan?


• Borrow up to 100% of your home’s value including the mortgage balance—not just 80% like many loans. • Get cash for your family, home, or even retirement.  • Consolidate credit card debt.1 • Lower your monthly payments by an average $640 a month, $7,680 a year.
Get started





















Refinance your mortgage
Borrow up to 100% of your home’s value including the mortgage balance. Not just 80% like many loans.

 









Consolidate credit card debt
Consolidate all your high rate credit cards into one lower monthly payment.1

 









Lower your monthly payments
Our customers lower their monthly payments by an average $640 a month, $7,680 a year.

 

















FREE VA HOME APPRAISAL2
NewDay will pay for your VA appraisal, worth up to $500 or more as part of the loan approval process

 










PERSONAL LOAN OFFICER
You’ll have one dedicated loan officer to guide you through the entire refinance process, start to finish.

 










FIVE-STAR SERVICE
Our customers give us an excellent, 5-star rating

 










VETERAN FOCUSED
We understand the sacrifices you've made and what it means to serve. Helping Veterans is what we do.

 






Get Started


Financial security and peace of mind.
Hear firsthand from our customers how NewDay USA helped them get money for the things they need most.
See Reviews



 








Apply for a NewDay 100 VA loan today.
Refinance and get cash. Call today or get started online.
Get started






Consolidating debts may increase repayment time and total finance charges may be higher over life of loan.
NewDay will pay for your home's appraisal as part of the loan approval process. We pay VA appraisal fee when you submit fully documented application, sign intent to proceed, loan meets program guidelines. Valid for VA loans only. Invalid in WA. 


Resume Reading

























NewDay USA | Reviews



















855-723-7570Get Started

This content is provided by TrustPilot, a third-party reviews site, and has not been reviewed by NewDay USA.
  
 






See More Reviews




Resume Reading






























Get Up to 5 Free Quotes

































Call us 



Compare Mortgages Online


Disclosures 














Disclosures 











 Mortgage Rates Hit 

3.12
% APR
 15 Year Fixed Rate 
 Get Up to 5 Free Quotes- Compare & Save 
 LendingTree allows you to receive  personalized rate quotes online!  See how much you can save now! 




 Refinance 






 Home Purchase 














 



Wells Fargo Business Real Estate Financing - Business – Wells Fargo












 




Skip to content














 
								 
									Print
								
						 





Commercial real estate financing



   Commercial mortgages at competitive rates  




Financing to help you fund your future — provided by Business Real Estate Financing Apply for financing of up to $750,000 to purchase, refinance, or leverage the equity in commercial property that is either owner-occupied or investment. Take advantage of our competitive rates on loans and lines of credit with low closing costs, secured by commercial property valued up to $5 million.  No application fee and no appraisal fee Low 1% origination fee, maximum $5,000 due at closing Fixed-rate and Prime-based loans with a variety of terms  Feel confident that you are getting the most competitive offer. We’ll match or beat a competing offer (rate and fee combination) when a competitor’s formal written approval is provided to us — or pay you $200.


  Questions? Ready to apply? Call 1-877-322-4648, Monday – Friday, 6:00 am – 6:00 pm, Pacific Time.   Financing from $50,000 to $750,000 for purchase and refinance loans in first lien position; $50,000 to $500,000 for lines of credit, equity loans, and refinance loans in second lien position. Maximum $500,000 for cash-out. All financing is subject to credit approval.  Low closing costs and competitive rates are based upon analysis of application, appraisal and origination fees, and interest rates, for competing U.S. lenders as compiled by an independent third-party research firm on a quarterly basis, beginning April 2016.  You will need to pay a deposit of up to $1,000 when accepting the terms of any loan or line of credit. The deposit is nonrefundable, unless the loan closes; in that case, the unused portion of the deposit (if any) will be returned or credited after closing in the same form as your original deposit. If environmental insurance is required, you will be responsible for this one-time fee of $1,866. You will also be responsible for the cost of any mortgage or deed of trust filing fee imposed by a state or other taxing authority. In states that require attorney closings, you will be responsible for title-related costs and attorney title work that exceeds $375. For purchase loans, you will be responsible for title and escrow fees. In addition, for purchase loans you will need to provide proof of funds for any required down payment. All financing is subject to credit approval.  Prepayment or early closure fees may apply. Contact your banker for details. 
Equal Housing Lender





 Get more information  Determine the best financing options, whether you're a small business owner or real estate investor. Review the checklist of documentation needed to apply for a loan.  

















 















COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust

Moody's Org ID:724831482







Moody's Org ID:724831482

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Conduit / Fusion







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties



                                    Due Diligence Reports







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 9
Of 
        9


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
Excel Data Supplement
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    09 Mar 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No rating impact to COMM 2016-DC2 and JPMDB 2016-C2 from the Proposed Non-Permitted Equity Transfer of SUN MHC Portfolio





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Feb 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Eight Classes of COMM 2016-DC2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2016
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    COMM 2016-DC2 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS - Conduit Fusion v2.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Feb 2016
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    COMM Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-DC2: Pre-Sale - Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-DC2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Feb 2016
                

                    Excel Data Supplement
                













                                    COMM 2016 DC2 Top-10 Loan Summary





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Feb 2016
                

                    Excel Data Supplement
                













                                    COMM 2016 DC2 Top 10 Cash Flows





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Feb 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to Eight CMBS Classes of COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Feb 2016
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    COMM 2016-DC2 Deal v1.0 Compared To CMBS - Conduit Fusion v2.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 9
Of 
        9


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay






































































































 













 













 


 



Fitch to Rate COMM 2016-DC2 Commercial Mortgage Trust Pass-Through Ctfs; Presale Issued | Business Wire


























































      Fitch to Rate COMM 2016-DC2 Commercial Mortgage Trust Pass-Through Ctfs; 
      Presale Issued
    





February 22, 2016 01:08 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has issued a presale report on Deutsche Bank Securities, 
      Inc.'s COMM Mortgage Trust 2016-DC2 commercial mortgage pass-through 
      certificates.
    

      Fitch expects to rate the transaction and assign Rating Outlooks as 
      follows:
    

      --$35,639,000 class A-1 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$4,483,000 class A-2 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$15,740,000 class A-3 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$60,282,000 class A-SB 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$165,000,000 class A-4 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$283,192,000 class A-5 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$614,723,000b class X-A 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$50,387,000 class A-M 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$40,310,000 class B 'AA-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$42,325,000 class C 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$82,635,000ab class X-B 'A-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$42,326,000ab class X-C 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$23,178,000ab class X-D 'BB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$14,108,000ab class X-E 'NR';
    

      --$29,225,159ab class X-F 'NR';
    

      --$42,326,000a class D 'BBB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$13,100,000a class E 'BB+sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$10,078,000a class F 'BB-sf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$14,108,000a class G 'NR';
    

      --$29,225,159a class H 'NR'.
    

      (a) Privately placed and pursuant to Rule 144A.
    

      (b) Notional amount and interest-only.
    

      The expected ratings are based on information provided by the issuer as 
      of Feb. 17, 2016. Fitch does not expect to rate the $14,108,000ab 
      interest-only class X-E, $29,225,159ab interest-only class X-F, 
      $14,108,000a class G or the $29,225,159a class H.
    

      The certificates represent the beneficial ownership interest in the 
      trust, primary assets of which are 64 loans secured by 91 commercial 
      properties having an aggregate principal balance of $806,195,160 as of 
      the cut-off date. The loans were contributed to the trust by German 
      American Capital Corporation, KeyBank National Association, and 
      Jefferies LoanCore LLC.
    

      Fitch reviewed a comprehensive sample of the transaction's collateral, 
      including site inspections on 70.6% of the properties by balance and 
      asset summary reviews and cash flow analysis of 81.5% of the pool.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      High Fitch Leverage: The transaction has higher leverage than other 
      recent Fitch-rated fixed-rate multiborrower transactions. The pool's 
      Fitch debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) of 1.12x is lower than the 2015 
      average of 1.18x and in line with the year-to-date (YTD) 2016 average of 
      1.12x, while the pool's Fitch loan-to-value (LTV) of 110.6% is higher 
      than the 2015 average of 109.3% and in line with YTD 2016 average of 
      110.7%.
    

      Amortization: The pool has four loans (14.9%) with full-term 
      interest-only structures, which is below the YTD 2016 and 2015 averages 
      of 33.4% and 23.3%, respectively. Partial interest-only loans represent 
      54.6% of the pool or 23 loans, while 37 loans (30.5%) are amortizing 
      balloon loans with terms of five to 10 years. The pool is scheduled to 
      amortize by 12.8% of the initial pool balance prior to maturity, more 
      than the respective YTD 2016 and 2015 averages of 9.3% and 11.7%.
    

      Property Type Concentration: Retail represents the largest property type 
      concentration (31.2%), which is higher than both the YTD 2016 and the 
      2015 averages of 23.7% and 26.7%, respectively. Loans secured by hotel 
      properties comprise 13.6% of the pool, below both the YTD 2016 and the 
      2015 averages of 16.1% and 17.0%, respectively. Loans secured by 
      manufactured housing community properties comprise 10.1% of the pool and 
      it is significantly above both the YTD 2016 and the 2015 averages of 
      1.9% and 2.3%.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      For this transaction, Fitch's net cash flow (NCF) was 16.3% below the 
      most recent year's net operating income (NOI; for properties for which a 
      full year NOI was provided, excluding properties that were stabilizing 
      during this period). Unanticipated further declines in property-level 
      NCF could result in higher defaults and loss severities on defaulted 
      loans, and could result in potential rating actions on the certificates.
    

      Fitch evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings assigned to COMM 2016-DC2 
      certificates and found that the transaction displays average sensitivity 
      to further declines in NCF. In a scenario in which NCF declined a 
      further 20% from Fitch's NCF, a downgrade of the junior 'AAAsf' 
      certificates to 'A-sf' could result. In a more severe scenario, in which 
      NCF declined a further 30% from Fitch's NCF, a downgrade of the junior 
      'AAAsf' certificates to 'BBB-sf' could result. The presale report 
      includes a detailed explanation of additional stresses and sensitivities 
      on page 10.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      Fitch was provided with third-party due diligence information from KPMG 
      LLP. The third-party due diligence information was provided on Form ABS 
      Due Diligence-15E and focused on a comparison and re-computation of 
      certain characteristics with respect to each of the 64 mortgage loans. 
      Fitch considered this information in its analysis and the findings did 
      not have an impact on our analysis. A copy of the ABS Due Diligence 
      Form-15E received by Fitch in connection with this transaction may be 
      obtained through the link contained on the bottom of the related rating 
      action commentary.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust (US CMBS)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=877808


      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 14 
      May 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=744158


      Criteria for Analyzing Multiborrower U.S. and Canadian Commercial 
      Mortgage Transactions (pub. 01 Dec 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=874795


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Rating Criteria for Structured Finance Servicers (pub. 23 Apr 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=864375


      Rating Criteria for U.S. Commercial Mortgage Servicers (pub. 14 Feb 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=735382


      U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. 
      Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=873395


      Related Research
    

      COMM 2016-DC2 Commercial Mortgage Trust Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=878135


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=999811


      ABS Due Diligence Form 15E 1
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf15E_frame.cfm?pr_id=999811&flm_nm=15e_999811_1.pdf


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=999811


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystLisa ChenDirector+1-212-908-9109Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004orIsaac 
      WoodAnalyst+1-212-612-7853orCommittee ChairpersonRobert 
      VrchotaManaging Director+1-312-368-3336orMedia 
      Relations:Hannah James, +1-646-582-4947hannah.james@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystLisa ChenDirector+1-212-908-9109Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004orIsaac 
      WoodAnalyst+1-212-612-7853orCommittee ChairpersonRobert 
      VrchotaManaging Director+1-312-368-3336orMedia 
      Relations:Hannah James, +1-646-582-4947hannah.james@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	EDGAR Online Pro 































                                     
                                




Welcome


                                                |
                                            

Help


                                                |
                                            

About EDGAR Online
                                                   


                                                |
                                            

 Login 















Dashboard 

Today 
Company

Industry

Search
Screener

Analytics
















































Enter your Email to Learn More:  
                                 












Form






                         (Filer)
                    

                         Received

                        (
                        Period
                        
                        ) 
                    


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 07/26/17 (07/12/17) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 06/23/17 (06/12/17) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 05/24/17 (05/12/17) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 04/25/17 (04/12/17) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 03/23/17 (03/10/17) 


10-K

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 03/23/17 (12/31/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 02/22/17 (02/10/17) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 01/26/17 (01/12/17) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 12/22/16 (12/12/16) 


8-K

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 12/14/16 (12/08/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 11/23/16 (11/14/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 10/18/16 (10/13/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 09/19/16 (09/12/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 08/24/16 (08/12/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 07/25/16 (07/12/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 06/21/16 (06/10/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 05/26/16 (05/12/16) 


8-K/A

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 05/23/16 (03/16/16) 


8-K

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 04/28/16 (04/19/16) 


10-D

COMM 2016-DC2 MORTGAGE TRUST
 04/25/16 (04/12/16) 




                             
                        












             Results 1 - 20 of 30




 


  
            
                    [1]
2
                
             
             


[ Show Next 10 Results ] 





























                 
            











            © 1995-2017

EDGAR® Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions
            All rights reserved  Solutions
                for Corporations 
            Terms of Use
             
                Privacy Statement












Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement by COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog









 Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement



Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement
      


        by
        COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust 
      Loading...
     
 March 16th, 2016
      
      
New YorkConnecticutIndianaDelawareSouth CarolinaGeorgiaFloridaSidley AustinCOMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage TrustMortgage Loan Purchase Agreement




 Share
  






















Link




Embed







 Download 

 PDF DOC Open with Google Docs





 
Exhibit 99.3

 
EXECUTION VERSION
 
MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Mortgage Loan Purchase
Agreement (this “Agreement”), is dated and effective March 3, 2016 between Jefferies LoanCore LLC, as seller
(the “Mortgage Loan Seller”), and Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation, as purchaser (the “Purchaser”).
 
The Mortgage Loan Seller
desires to sell, assign, transfer and otherwise convey to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth below, the commercial, multifamily and, if applicable, manufactured housing mortgage loans (collectively,
the “Mortgage Loans”) identified on the schedule annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the “Mortgage
Loan Schedule”).
 
It is expected that the
Mortgage Loans will be transferred, together with other commercial, multifamily and, if applicable, manufactured housing mortgage
loans (such Mortgage Loans, the “Other Mortgage Loans”) to the COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust, a trust fund (the
“Trust Fund”) to be formed by the Purchaser, the beneficial ownership of which will be evidenced by a series
of commercial mortgage pass-through certificates (the “Certificates”). The offer and sale of certain classes
of the Certificates (the “Registered Certificates”) will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”). The Trust Fund will be created and the Certificates will be issued pursuant
to the pooling and servicing agreement, dated as of March 1, 2016 (the “Pooling and Servicing Agreement”), between
the Purchaser, as depositor (in such capacity, the “Depositor”), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
master servicer (the “Master Servicer”), CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as special servicer (the “Special
Servicer”), Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as certificate administrator (in such capacity, the “Certificate Administrator”), custodian
and paying agent, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as operating advisor (in such capacity, the “Operating Advisor”),
and Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer (in such capacity, the “Asset Representations Reviewer”).
 
The Purchaser intends
to sell the Registered Certificates to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (“DBSI”), KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
(“KCM”), Jefferies LLC (“Jefferies”) and Academy Securities, Inc. (“Academy”
and, together with DBSI, KCM and Jefferies, in their capacities as underwriters, the “Underwriters”) pursuant
to the underwriting agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “Underwriting Agreement”). The Purchaser intends
to sell other Certificates (the “Non-Registered Certificates”) to DBSI and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (together,
in their capacities as initial purchasers, the “Initial Purchasers” and, together with the Underwriters, the
“Principals”) pursuant to the certificate purchase agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “Certificate
Purchase Agreement”). Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein have the respective meanings assigned to
them in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (in effect as of the Closing Date) or, if not defined therein, in the Indemnification
Agreement, dated the date hereof (the “Indemnification Agreement”), between the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser
and the Principals.
 
Now, therefore, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:
 

 
 
 
Section
1.     Agreement to Purchase.
 
Subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to sell, assign, transfer and otherwise convey to the
Purchaser upon receipt of the Mortgage Loan Purchase Price referred to in this Section 1, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase,
the Mortgage Loans. The purchase and sale of the Mortgage Loans shall take place on or about the Closing Date or such other date
as shall be mutually acceptable to the parties hereto. As of the Cut-off Date, the Mortgage Loans will have an aggregate principal
balance (the “Aggregate Cut-off Date Balance”), after application of all payments of principal due thereon on
or before the Cut-off Date, whether or not received, of $149,914,748, subject to a variance of plus or minus 5.0%. The purchase
price of the Mortgage Loans (inclusive of accrued interest and exclusive of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s share of the costs
set forth in Section 9 hereof) (the “Mortgage Loan Purchase Price”) shall be equal to the amount set forth in
(and subject to the adjustments contemplated by) the Bill of Sale (substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto), to be
entered into between the parties to this Agreement in connection with this Agreement and the issuance of the Certificates (the
“Bill of Sale”).
 
Section
2.     Conveyance of Mortgage Loans.
 
(a)          
On the Closing Date, subject only to receipt by the Mortgage Loan Seller of the Mortgage Loan Purchase Price, the satisfaction
of the other closing conditions required to be satisfied on the part of Purchaser pursuant to Section 7 and the issuance
of the Certificates, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Purchaser,
and without limiting Section 4(a) hereof without recourse, all the right, title and interest of the Mortgage Loan Seller
from and after the Closing Date in and to the following property whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising
(the “Covered Assets”): the Mortgage Loans identified on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, including all rights to
payment in respect thereof, which, notwithstanding the foregoing, includes all interest and principal received or receivable by
the Mortgage Loan Seller on or with respect to the Mortgage Loans after the Cut-off Date (subject to the proviso in the next sentence),
together with all of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s right, title and interest in and to the proceeds of any related title, hazard,
or other insurance policies and any escrow, reserve or other comparable
accounts related to the Mortgage Loans, subject to (i) that certain Agreement to Appointment of Master Servicer dated as of March
1, 2016, between the Master Servicer, the Depositor and the Mortgage
Loan Seller, (ii) the rights of any related Companion Loan Noteholder
pursuant to the related Intercreditor Agreement, if any, and (iii) any Other Pooling and Servicing Agreement related to a Non-Serviced
Whole Loan, if any. The Purchaser shall be entitled to (and, to the extent received by or on behalf of the Mortgage
Loan Seller, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to or at the direction of the Purchaser) all scheduled
payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans after the Cut-off Date, and all other recoveries of principal and
interest collected thereon after the Cut-off Date; provided, that all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on
or before the Cut-off Date and collected after the Cut-off Date shall belong to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and the Purchaser or
its successors or assigns shall promptly remit any such payments to the Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
With respect to any Mortgage
Loan that is subject to an Intercreditor Agreement, the parties hereto intend that the provisions of this Section 2(a) serve as
an assignment and
 

2
 
 
assumption
agreement between the Mortgage Loan Seller (solely as holder of such Mortgage Loan and not as holder of any related Companion
Loan), as the assignor, and the Purchaser, on behalf of the Trust, as the assignee. Accordingly, the Mortgage Loan Seller hereby
(and in accordance with and subject to all other applicable provisions of this Agreement) assigns, grants, sells, transfers, delivers,
sets over, and conveys to the Purchaser all right, title and interest of the Mortgage Loan Seller in, to and arising out of the
related Intercreditor Agreement (solely as holder of such Mortgage Loan and not as holder of any related Companion Loan) and the
Purchaser, on behalf of the Trust, hereby accepts (subject to applicable provisions of this Agreement) the foregoing assignment
and assumes all of the rights and obligations of Mortgage Loan Seller (solely as holder of such Mortgage Loan and not as holder
of any related Companion Loan) with respect to the related Intercreditor Agreement from and after the Closing Date. In addition,
the Purchaser acknowledges that any such Mortgage Loan that is a Serviced Mortgage Loan shall be serviced pursuant to the terms
of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
 
Within 45 days after
the Closing Date or, without limiting the requirements of the first paragraph of Section 2(d), after such later date on which the
Mortgage Loan Seller has received all the missing filing/recording information, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall, or shall at the
expense of the Mortgage Loan Seller cause a third party vendor (which may be the Trustee, Certificate Administrator or Custodian
pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or otherwise) to, except in the case of any Mortgage Loan that is a Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan, (1) complete (to the extent necessary) and submit for recording (in favor of the Trustee in the following form:
“Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust Commercial
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-DC2” (in such capacity and, with respect to any Serviced Whole Loan, on behalf
of any related Serviced Companion Loan Noteholders)) in the appropriate public recording office (a) each Assignment of Mortgage
referred to in clause (iii) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement which has not yet been submitted for
recording and (b) each Reassignment of Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits referred to in clause (viii)(B) of Section
2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (if not otherwise included in the related Assignment of Mortgage) which has not
yet been submitted for recordation; and (2) complete (to the extent necessary) and file in the appropriate public filing office
each UCC assignment of financing statement referred to in clause (v)(B) and (xiii) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement which has not yet been submitted for filing or recording. Each such document shall reflect that the recorded original
should be returned by the public recording office to the Custodian or its designee (or to the Mortgage Loan Seller or its designee
as an alternative) following recording, and each such document shall reflect that the file copy thereof should be returned to the
Custodian or its designee (or to the Mortgage Loan Seller or its designee as an alternative) following filing; provided
that in those instances where the public recording office retains the original Assignment of Mortgage or Reassignment of Assignment
of Leases, Rents and Profits, the Custodian shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain therefrom a certified copy of the
recorded original, at the expense of the Depositor. In the event that any such document or instrument is lost or returned unrecorded
or unfiled, as the case may be, because of a defect therein, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall promptly prepare or cause the preparation
of a substitute therefor or cure or cause the curing of such defect, as the case may be, and shall thereafter deliver the substitute
or corrected document to or at the direction of the Purchaser (or any
subsequent owner of the
affected Mortgage Loan,
including, without limitation, the Trustee) for recording or filing, as appropriate,
at the Mortgage Loan Seller’s expense. In the
 

3
 
 
event
that the Mortgage Loan Seller receives the original recorded or filed copy, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall, or shall cause a third
party vendor or any other party under its control to, promptly upon receipt of the original recorded or filed copy (and in no
event later than 5 Business Days following such receipt) deliver such original to the Custodian, with evidence of filing or recording
thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2, in those instances where the public recording
office retains the original Mortgage, Assignment of Mortgage, Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits or Reassignment of Assignment
of Leases, Rents and Profits, if applicable, after any has been recorded, the obligations hereunder of the Mortgage Loan Seller
shall be deemed to have been satisfied upon delivery to the Custodian of a copy of the recorded original of such Mortgage, Assignment
of Mortgage, Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits or Reassignment of Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits.
 
Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 2 or in Section 2.01(a), Section 2.01(b), Section 2.01(c)
or Section 2.02 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, in connection with a Servicing Shift Whole Loan (1) instruments
of assignment to the Trustee may be in blank and need not be recorded pursuant to this Agreement (other than endorsements to the
note(s) evidencing the related Servicing Shift Mortgage Loan) until the earlier of (i) the related Servicing Shift Lead Note Securitization
Date, in which case such instruments shall be assigned and recorded in accordance with the related Other Pooling and Servicing
Agreement, and (ii) such Servicing Shift Whole Loan becoming a Specially Serviced Loan prior to such Servicing Shift Lead Note
Securitization Date, in which case assignments and recordations shall be effected in accordance with the preceding paragraph until
the occurrence, if any, of such Servicing Shift Lead Note Securitization Date, (2) no letter of credit need be amended (including,
without limitation, to change the beneficiary thereon) until the earlier of (i) the related Servicing Shift Lead Note Securitization
Date, in which case such amendment shall be in accordance with the related Other Pooling and Servicing Agreement and (ii) such
Servicing Shift Whole Loan becoming a Specially Serviced Loan prior to such Servicing Shift Lead Note Securitization Date, in which
case such amendment shall be effected in accordance with the terms of Section 2.01 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement,
and (3) on and following such Servicing Shift Lead Note Securitization Date, the Person selling the related Servicing Shift Lead
Note to the related Other Depositor, at its own expense, shall be (a) entitled to direct in writing, which may be conclusively
relied upon by the Custodian, the Custodian to deliver the originals of all the Loan Documents relating to such Servicing Shift
Whole Loan in its possession (other than the original note(s) evidencing such Servicing Shift Mortgage Loan) to the related Other
Trustee or the related Other Custodian, (b) if the right under clause (a) is exercised, required to cause the retention by or delivery
to the Custodian of photocopies of Loan Documents related to such Servicing Shift Whole Loan so delivered to such Other Trustee
or such Other Custodian, (c) entitled to cause the completion (or in the event of a recordation as contemplated by clause (1)(ii)
of this paragraph, the preparation, execution and delivery) and recordation of instruments of assignment in the name of the related
Other Trustee or related Other Custodian, (d) if the right under clause (c) is exercised, required to deliver to the Trustee or
Custodian photocopies of any instruments of assignment so completed and recorded, and (e) entitled to require the Master Servicer
to transfer, and to cooperate with all reasonable requests in connection with the transfer of, the Servicing File, and any Escrow
Payments, reserve funds and items specified in clause (xix) and (xx) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement,
for such Servicing Shift Whole Loan to the related Other Servicer.
 

4
 
 
On the Closing Date,
upon (i) notification from the Mortgage Loan Seller that the Mortgage Loan Purchase Price referred to in Section 1
has been received by the Mortgage Loan Seller and (ii) the issuance of the Certificates, the Purchaser shall be authorized to release
to the Certificate Administrator or its designee all of the Mortgage Files in the Purchaser’s possession relating to the
Mortgage Loans.
 
(b)          
In connection with the Mortgage Loan Seller’s assignment pursuant to subsection (a) above, and subject to subsections
(c) and (d) below, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver to and deposit with, or cause to be delivered to and deposited with,
the Custodian, on or before the Closing Date, the documents and/or instruments referred to in clauses (i), (ii),
(vii), (xi) and (xix) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement for each Mortgage Loan so
assigned (with originals with respect to clause (i) and copies with respect to clauses (ii), (vii), (xi)
and (xix)) and, except as otherwise provided in Section 2(d) below, within 30 days following the Closing Date, the
remaining applicable documents required to be included in the Mortgage File (as defined below) for each such Mortgage Loan, with
copies to the Master Servicer; provided that, with respect to a Mortgage Loan that is included in a Serviced Whole Loan, except
for the Mortgage Note referred to in clause (i)(B) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, only a single original
set of Loan Documents is required to be delivered. With respect to a Mortgage Loan that is a Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, any assignments
or other transfer documents referred to in the Mortgage File as being in favor of the Trustee shall instead be in favor of the
applicable Other Trustee, and (1) if the Custodian is not also the related Non-Serviced Whole Loan Custodian, the preceding document
delivery requirements will be met by the delivery by or on behalf of the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Custodian of copies of the
documents specified in the Mortgage File (other than the Mortgage Note and intervening endorsements evidencing a Non-Serviced Mortgage
Loan, with respect to which the originals shall be required), including a copy of the Mortgage securing the applicable Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan and copies of the companion notes, or (2) if the Custodian is also the related Non-Serviced Whole Loan Custodian,
the preceding document delivery requirements shall be met by the delivery by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Custodian of only
the original Mortgage Note, intervening endorsements and intercreditor agreement evidencing such Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan (and,
if any document specified in the Mortgage File was not required to be delivered in connection with the related Other Securitization,
a copy of such document).
 
The “Mortgage
File” with respect to each Mortgage Loan means, subject to the limitations, qualifications and exceptions set forth in
this Agreement and Section 2.01 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the documents and instruments listed in section 2.01(a)(i)-(xxi)
of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
 
(c)          
If the Mortgage Loan Seller cannot deliver, or cause to be delivered, as to any Mortgage Loan, the original Mortgage Note,
the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver a copy or duplicate original of such Mortgage Note, together with an affidavit certifying
that the original thereof has been lost or destroyed and an indemnification in connection therewith in favor of the Certificate
Administrator, the Trustee and the Custodian.
 
(d)          
If the Mortgage Loan Seller cannot deliver, or cause to be delivered, as to any Mortgage Loan, the original or a copy of
any of the documents and/or instruments referred to in clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (viii),
(xiv) and (xvi) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and
 

5
 
 
Servicing
Agreement and the UCC financing statements and UCC assignments of financing statements referred to in clause (xiii)
of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, with evidence of recording or filing thereon, solely because of a delay
caused by the public recording or filing office where such document or instrument has been delivered for recordation or filing,
or because such original recorded or filed document has been lost or returned from the recording or filing office and subsequently
lost, as the case may be, the delivery requirements of Section 2(b) shall be deemed to have been satisfied as to such
missing item, and such missing item shall be deemed to have been included in the related Mortgage File, provided that a
copy of such document or instrument (without evidence of recording or filing thereon, but certified (which certificate may relate
to multiple documents and/or instruments) by the applicable public recording or filing office, by the applicable title insurance
company or by the Mortgage Loan Seller to be a true and complete copy of the original thereof submitted for recording or filing,
as the case may be) has been delivered to the Custodian within 45 days after the Closing Date, and either the original of such
missing document or instrument, or a copy thereof, with evidence of recording or filing, as the case may be, thereon, is delivered
to or at the direction of the Purchaser (or any subsequent owner of the affected Mortgage Loan, including without limitation the
Trustee) within 180 days after the Closing Date (or within such longer period after the Closing Date as the Custodian may consent
to, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed so long as the Mortgage Loan Seller has provided
the Custodian with evidence of such recording or filing, as the case may be, or has certified to the Custodian as to the occurrence
of such recording or filing, as the case may be, and is, as certified to the Custodian no less often than quarterly, in good faith
attempting to obtain from the appropriate public recording or filing office such original or copy, provided such extensions do
not exceed 24 months in the aggregate).
 
If the Mortgage Loan
Seller cannot deliver, or cause to be delivered, as to any Mortgage Loan, the original or a copy of the related lender’s
title insurance policy referred to in clause (vii) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement solely
because such policy has not yet been issued, the delivery requirements of Section 2(b) shall be deemed to be satisfied
as to such missing item, and such missing item shall be deemed to have been included in the related Mortgage File, provided
that the Mortgage Loan Seller has delivered to the Custodian a binder marked as binding and countersigned by the title insurer
or its authorized agent (which may be a pro forma or specimen title insurance policy which has been accepted or approved in writing
as binding by the related title insurance company) or an acknowledged closing instruction or escrow letter, and the Mortgage Loan
Seller shall deliver to the Custodian or at the direction of the Purchaser (or any subsequent owner of the affected Mortgage Loan,
including without limitation the Trustee), promptly following the receipt thereof, the original related lender’s title insurance
policy (or a copy thereof). In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if there exists
with respect to any group of related cross-collateralized Mortgage Loans only one original of any document referred to in Section
2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement covering all of the Mortgage Loans in such group, then the inclusion of the original
of such document in the Mortgage File for any Mortgage Loan in such group shall be deemed an inclusion of such original in the
Mortgage File for each such Mortgage Loan.
 
Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, with respect to the documents referred to in clause (xix) and clause (xx) of Section 2.01(a)
of the Pooling and Servicing
 

6
 
 
Agreement,
the Mortgage Loan Seller acknowledges that the Master Servicer (or the applicable Other Servicer with respect to any Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan) will hold the original of each such document in trust on behalf of the Trustee in order to draw on such letter
of credit on behalf of the Trust and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be deemed to have satisfied the delivery requirements of this
Agreement by delivering the original of each such document to the Master Servicer. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall pay any costs
of assignment or amendment of such letter of credit required (which assignment or amendment shall, except in the case of a Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan, change the beneficiary of the letter of credit to the Trust in care of the Master Servicer) in order for the Master
Servicer to draw on such letter of credit on behalf of the Trust. In the event that the documents specified in clause (xx)
of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement are missing with respect to any Mortgage Loan (other than a Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan) because the related assignment or amendment documents have not been completed, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall take
all reasonably necessary steps to enable the Master Servicer to draw on the related letter of credit on behalf of the Trust including,
if necessary, drawing on the letter of credit in its own name pursuant to written instructions from the Master Servicer and immediately
remitting such funds (or causing such funds to be remitted) to the Master Servicer.
 
Contemporaneously with
the execution of this Agreement by the Purchaser and the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver a power of
attorney substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto to each of the Master Servicer and the Special Servicer, that
permits such parties to take such other action as is necessary to effect the delivery, assignment and/or recordation of any documents
and/or instruments relating to any Mortgage Loan which have not been delivered, assigned or recorded at the time required for enforcement
by the Trust Fund. The Mortgage Loan Seller will be required to effect at its expense the assignment and, if applicable, recordation
of its Loan Documents until the assignment and recordation of all such Loan Documents has been completed.
 
(e)          
Except as provided below, and except with respect to any Mortgage Loan that is a Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, all documents
and records in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s possession (or under its control) relating to the Mortgage Loans that are not required
to be a part of a Mortgage File but that are reasonably required to service the Mortgage Loans and copies of the documents in the
Mortgage File (all such other documents and records, including Environmental Reports, as to any Mortgage Loan, the “Servicing
File”), together with all escrow payments, reserve funds and other comparable funds in the possession of the Mortgage
Loan Seller (or under its control) with respect to the Mortgage Loans, shall (unless they are held by a sub-servicer that shall,
as of the Closing Date, begin acting on behalf of the Master Servicer pursuant to a written agreement between such parties) be
delivered by the Mortgage Loan Seller (or its agent) to the Master Servicer (as the Purchaser’s designee) no later than the
Closing Date; provided, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to deliver, and the Servicing File shall not be deemed
to include drafts of Loan Documents, attorney-client or internal communications of the Mortgage Loan Seller or its affiliates or
Mortgage Loan Seller’s credit underwriting or due diligence analyses or related data (as distinguished from Environmental
Reports, financial statements, credit reports, title reports, structural and engineering reports, appraisals and other reports,
analyses or data provided by the Borrowers or third parties other than the Mortgage Loan Seller’s attorneys). If a sub-servicer
shall, as of the Closing Date, begin acting on behalf of the Master Servicer with respect to any Mortgage Loan pursuant to a written
agreement between
 

7
 
 
such
parties, the Mortgage Loan Seller or its agent shall deliver a copy of the related Servicing File to the Master Servicer.
 
(f)           
Each of the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser will treat, and their respective records will reflect, the transfer of
the Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser as a sale, including for tax, accounting and any regulatory purposes. Following the transfer
of the Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller will not take any action inconsistent with the ownership of the
Mortgage Loans by the Purchaser or its assignees.
 
(g)          
Furthermore, it is the express intent of the parties hereto that the conveyance of the Mortgage Loans by Mortgage Loan Seller
to Purchaser as provided in this Agreement be, and be construed as, a sale of the Mortgage Loans by Mortgage Loan Seller to Purchaser
and not a pledge of the Mortgage Loans by Mortgage Loan Seller to Purchaser to secure a debt or other obligation of Mortgage Loan
Seller. However, in the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the parties, the Mortgage Loans are held to be property of Mortgage
Loan Seller or if for any reason this Agreement is held or deemed to create a security interest in the Mortgage Loans:
 
(i)           
this Agreement shall hereby create a security agreement within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial
Code in effect in the applicable state;
 
(ii)           the conveyance provided for in this Agreement shall hereby grant from Mortgage Loan Seller to Purchaser, and Mortgage Loan
Seller hereby grants to Purchaser, a security interest in and to all of Mortgage Loan Seller’s right, title, and interest,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in and to the Covered Assets and all proceeds thereof;
 
(iii)          the possession by Purchaser or its assignee of the Mortgage Notes and such other goods, letters of credit, advices of credit,
instruments, money, documents, chattel paper or certificated securities shall be deemed to be possession by the secured party
or possession by a purchaser or a Person designated by him or her, for purposes of perfecting the security interest pursuant to
the Uniform Commercial Code (including, without limitation, Sections 9-306, 9-313 and 9-314 thereof) as in force in the relevant
jurisdiction; and
 
(iv)          notifications to Persons holding such property, and acknowledgments, receipts, confirmations from Persons holding such
property, shall be deemed to be notifications to, or acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from, securities intermediaries,
bailees or agents of, or Persons holding for (as applicable), Purchaser or its assignee for the purpose of perfecting such security
interest under applicable law.
 
The Mortgage Loan Seller
at the direction of the Purchaser or its assignee, shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, take such actions as may
be reasonably necessary to ensure that such security interest is a perfected security interest of first priority under applicable
law and will be maintained as such. In connection herewith, Purchaser and its assignee shall have all of the rights and remedies
of a secured party and creditor under the Uniform Commercial Code as in force in the relevant jurisdiction and may execute and
file such UCC
 

8
 
 
Financing
Statements as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to accomplish the foregoing.
 
(h)          
It is further acknowledged and agreed by the Mortgage Loan Seller that the Purchaser intends to convey all right, title
and interest of the Purchaser from and after the Closing Date in and to the Mortgage Loans and all rights and remedies under this
Agreement (excluding the Purchaser’s rights and remedies under Sections 6(e)-(g), 9 and 11 of this Agreement)
to the Trustee on behalf of the Certificateholders, including, without limitation, all rights and remedies as may be available
under Section 6 to the Purchaser in the event of a Material Breach or a Material Defect, and the Trustee on behalf of the
Certificateholders, as assignee of the Purchaser, or such other party as may be specified in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement,
shall be entitled to enforce any obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller hereunder in connection with a Material Breach or a Material
Defect as if the Trustee on behalf of the Certificateholders had been an original party to this Agreement.
 
Section
3.     Examination of Mortgage Files and Due Diligence Review.
 
The Mortgage Loan Seller
shall reasonably cooperate with any examination of the Mortgage Files and Servicing Files that may be undertaken by or on behalf
of the Purchaser. The fact that the Purchaser has conducted or has failed to conduct any partial or complete examination of the
Mortgage Files and/or Servicing Files shall not affect the Purchaser’s right to pursue any remedy available in equity or
at law under Section 6 for a breach of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s representations, warranties and covenants set forth
in or contemplated by Section 4.
 
Section
4.     Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
(a)          
The Mortgage Loan Seller hereby makes, as of the date hereof (or as of such other date specifically provided in the particular
representation or warranty), to and for the benefit of the Purchaser, each of the representations and warranties set forth in Exhibit D
with respect to each Mortgage Loan, subject to the exceptions set forth in Schedule D-1 to Exhibit D.
 
(b)          
In addition, the Mortgage Loan Seller, as of the date hereof, hereby represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the
Purchaser that:
 
(i)           
The Mortgage Loan Seller is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and is in compliance with the laws of each State in which any Mortgaged Property is located to the
extent necessary to ensure the enforceability of each Mortgage Loan and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
(ii)           The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Mortgage Loan Seller, and the performance of, and compliance with,
the terms of this Agreement by the Mortgage Loan Seller, do not violate the Mortgage Loan Seller’s organizational documents
or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result
in the breach of, any material agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or which is applicable to it or any of its
assets, in
 

9
 
 
each
case which materially and adversely affects the ability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.
 
(iii)          The Mortgage Loan Seller has the full limited liability company power and authority to enter into and consummate all transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and has duly executed
and delivered this Agreement.
 
(iv)          This Agreement, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser, constitutes a valid, legal and binding
obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller, enforceable against the Mortgage Loan Seller in accordance with the terms hereof, subject
to (A) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, conservatorship, liquidation, moratorium and other
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, including if the Mortgage Loan Seller is determined to be
a “financial company” or an affiliate thereof under Section 201 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), the powers of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as receiver
under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Act, (B) general principles of equity, regardless of whether
such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and (C) public policy considerations underlying the securities
laws, to the extent that such public policy considerations limit the enforceability of the provisions of this Agreement that purport
to provide indemnification or contribution for securities laws liabilities.
 
(v)           The Mortgage Loan Seller is not in violation of, and its execution and delivery of this Agreement and its performance of,
and compliance with, the terms of this Agreement do not constitute a violation of, any law, any judgment, order or decree of any
court or arbiter, or any order, regulation or demand of any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority, which
violation, in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s good faith and reasonable judgment, is likely to affect materially and adversely
either the ability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the financial condition of the
Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
(vi)          No litigation is pending or, to the best of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, threatened against the Mortgage
Loan Seller the outcome of which, in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s good faith and reasonable judgment, is likely to materially
and adversely affect the ability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the financial
condition of the Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
(vii)         The Mortgage Loan Seller has not dealt with any broker, investment banker, agent or other Person, other than the Purchaser,
the Principals, and their respective affiliates, that may be entitled to any commission or compensation in connection with the
sale of the Mortgage Loans or the consummation of any of the other transactions contemplated hereby.
 
(viii)        No consent, approval, authorization or order of, registration or filing with, or notice to, any governmental authority
or court is required, under federal or state law (including, with respect to any bulk sale laws), for the execution, delivery
and
 

10
 
 
performance
by the Mortgage Loan Seller of, or compliance by the Mortgage Loan Seller with, this Agreement, or the consummation by the Mortgage
Loan Seller of any transaction contemplated hereby, other than (1) the filing or recording of financing statements, instruments
of assignment and other similar documents necessary in connection with the Mortgage Loan Seller’s sale of the Mortgage Loans
to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, (2) such consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications, registrations,
filings or notices as have been obtained, made or given and (3) where the lack of such consent, approval, authorization,
qualification, registration, filing or notice would not have a material adverse effect on the performance by the Mortgage Loan
Seller under this Agreement.
 
(ix)          Except for the agreed-upon procedures report obtained from the accounting firm engaged to perform procedures involving
a comparison of information in loan files for the Mortgage Loans to information on a data tape relating to the Mortgage Loans
(such report, the “Accountant’s Due Diligence Report”), the Mortgage Loan Seller has not obtained (and,
through and including the Closing Date, will not obtain without the consent of the Depositor) any “third party due diligence
report” (as defined in Rule 15Ga-2 under the Exchange Act (“Rule 15Ga-2”)) in connection with the securitization
transaction contemplated herein and in the Prospectus and, except for the accountants with respect to the Accountants’ Due
Diligence Report, the Mortgage Loan Seller has not employed (and, through and including the Closing Date, will not employ) any
third party to engage in any activity that constitutes “due diligence services” within the meaning of Rule 17g-10
under the Exchange Act in connection with the transactions contemplated herein and in the Prospectus.  The Mortgage Loan
Seller further represents and warrants that no portion of the Accountant’s Due Diligence Report contains, with respect to
the information contained therein with respect to the Mortgage Loans, any names, addresses, other personal identifiers or zip
codes with respect to any individuals, or any other personally identifiable or other information that would be associated with
an individual, including without limitation any “nonpublic personal information” within the meaning of Title V of
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999. The Principals are third-party beneficiaries of the provisions
set forth in this Section 4(b)(ix).
 
(c)          
Upon discovery by any of the Mortgage Loan Seller or the parties to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement of a breach of any
of the representations and warranties made pursuant to and set forth in subsection (b) above which materially and adversely
affects the interests of the Purchaser or a breach of any of the representations and warranties made pursuant to subsection (a)
above and set forth in Exhibit D that materially and adversely affects the value of any Mortgage Loan, the value of
the related Mortgaged Property or the interests in such Mortgage Loan or Mortgaged Property of the Purchaser or the Trustee on
behalf of the Certificateholders, the party discovering such breach shall (if the discovering party is the Mortgage Loan Seller),
or shall be required pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (if the discovering party is a party to the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement) to, give prompt written notice of such breach to the Mortgage Loan Seller and/or the other parties, as applicable.
 
(d)          
With respect to any Mortgage Loan (other than a Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan) secured by a Mortgaged Property that is subject
to a franchise agreement with a related comfort letter in favor of the Mortgage Loan Seller that requires notice to or request
of the
 

11
 
 
related
franchisor to transfer or assign any related comfort letter to the Trust or otherwise deliver a new comfort letter (or any new
document or acknowledgement as may be contemplated under the existing comfort letter) issued in the name of the Trust, the Mortgage
Loan Seller or its designee shall provide any such required notice or make any such required request to the related franchisor,
with a copy of such notice or request to the Master Servicer, within 45 days of the Closing Date (or any shorter period if required
by the applicable comfort letter), notify the related franchisor that such Mortgage Loan has been transferred to the Trust and
request a replacement comfort letter (or any such new document or acknowledgement as may be contemplated under the existing comfort
letter), and the Pooling and Servicing Agreement shall require the Master Servicer to use reasonable efforts in accordance with
the Servicing Standard to acquire such replacement comfort letter, if necessary (or to acquire any such new document or acknowledgement
as may be contemplated under the existing comfort letter).
 
(e)          
Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered an electronic
copy of the Diligence File for each Mortgage Loan to (or as instructed by) the Depositor, together with an index identifying each
such document delivered, each such Diligence File being organized and categorized in accordance with the electronic file structure
reasonably agreed to by the Depositor and the Mortgage Loan Seller;
 
(f)          
 Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall provide the Depositor (together with copies
to the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Trustee, the Certificate Administrator, the Directing Certificateholder and the
Asset Representations Reviewer, which copies may be sent by email) with a certificate stating that (i) the Mortgage Loan Seller
has delivered or caused to be delivered an electronic copy of the Diligence File for each Mortgage Loan, (ii) the Diligence File
contains all documents and information required under the definition of “Diligence File” and (iii) the Diligence File
is organized and categorized in accordance with the electronic file structure reasonably agreed to by the Depositor and the Mortgage
Loan Seller.
 
(g)          
Upon written request of the Asset Representations Reviewer (pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(ii) of the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement), the Mortgage Loan Seller shall provide to the Asset Representations Reviewer (or the Special Servicer at its request)
within 10 Business Days of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s receipt of such written request (which time period may be extended
upon mutual agreement between the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Asset Representations Reviewer), copies of all relevant documents
and records (including, but not limited to, records stored electronically on computer tapes, electronic discs, and similar media)
requested by the Asset Representations Reviewer and in the possession of the Mortgage Loan Seller relating to the related Delinquent
Loan, to enable the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform its duties under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement;
 
(h)          
Upon the completion of an Asset Review with respect to each Mortgage Loan and within forty-five (45) days of the Mortgage
Loan Seller’s receipt of a written request from the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall pay to
the Asset Representations Reviewer the related Asset Representations Reviewer Asset Review Fee for such Asset Review;
 

12
 
 
(i)           
The Mortgage Loan Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser against any and all expenses, losses, claims, damages
and other liabilities, including without limitation the costs of investigation, legal defense and any amounts paid in settlement
of any claim or litigation arising out of or based upon (i) any failure of the Mortgage Loan Seller to pay the fees described under
Section 4(h) above within 90 days of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s receipt of a written request from the Asset Representations
Reviewer or (ii) any failure by the Mortgage Loan Seller to provide all documents and information required to be delivered by it
pursuant to this Agreement and under the definition of “Diligence File” in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement within
60 days of the Closing Date (or such later date specified herein or in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement); and
 
(j)           
The Mortgage Loan Seller acknowledges and agrees that in the event an Enforcing Party elects a dispute resolution method
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall abide by the selected dispute resolution
method and otherwise comply with the terms and provisions set forth in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (including the exhibits
thereto) related to such dispute resolution method.
 
Section
5.     Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Purchaser.
 
(a)          
The Purchaser, as of the date hereof, hereby represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Mortgage Loan Seller that:
 
(i)           
The Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State of Delaware.
 
(ii)           The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Purchaser, and the performance of, and compliance with, the terms of
this Agreement by the Purchaser, do not violate the Purchaser’s organizational documents or constitute a default (or an
event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the breach of, any material
agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or which is applicable to it or any of its assets.
 
(iii)          The Purchaser has the full power and authority to enter into and consummate all transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and has duly executed and delivered this Agreement.
 
(iv)          This Agreement, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Mortgage Loan Seller, constitutes a valid, legal
and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, subject to (A) applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’
rights generally, and (B) general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law.
 
(v)           The Purchaser is not in violation of, and its execution and delivery of this Agreement and its performance of, and compliance
with, the terms of this Agreement will not constitute a violation of, any law, any judgment, order or decree of any court or
 

13
 
 
arbiter,
or any order, regulation or demand of any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority, which violation, in the
Purchaser’s good faith and reasonable judgment, is likely to affect materially and adversely either the ability of the Purchaser
to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the financial condition of the Purchaser.
 
(vi)          No litigation is pending or, to the best of the Purchaser’s knowledge, threatened against the Purchaser which would
prohibit the Purchaser from entering into this Agreement or, in the Purchaser’s good faith and reasonable judgment, is likely
to materially and adversely affect either the ability of the Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the
financial condition of the Purchaser.
 
(vii)         The Purchaser has not dealt with any broker, investment banker, agent or other Person, other than the Mortgage Loan Seller,
the Principals and their respective affiliates, that may be entitled to any commission or compensation in connection with the
purchase of the Mortgage Loans or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
(viii)        No consent, approval, authorization or order of, registration or filing with, or notice to, any governmental authority
or court is required, under federal or state law, for the Purchaser’s execution, delivery and performance of or compliance
by the Purchaser with this Agreement, or the consummation by the Purchaser of any transaction contemplated hereby, other than
(1) such consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications, registrations, filings or notices as have been obtained, made
or given and (2) where the lack of such consent, approval, authorization, qualification, registration, filing or notice would
not have a material adverse effect on the performance by the Purchaser under this Agreement.
 
(ix)           The Purchaser (A) prepared one or more reports on Form ABS-15G (each, a “Form 15G”) containing the findings
and conclusions of the Accountant’s Due Diligence Report and meeting the requirements of that Form 15G, Rule 15Ga-2, any
other rules and regulations of the Commission and the Exchange Act; (B) provided a copy of the final draft of each such Form 15G
to the Principals at least 6 Business Days before the first sale in the offering contemplated by the Prospectus; and (C) furnished
each such Form 15G to the Commission on EDGAR at least 5 Business Days before the first sale in the offering contemplated by the
Prospectus as required by Rule 15Ga-2.
 
(b)          
Upon discovery by any of the parties hereto of a breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth above which
materially and adversely affects the interests of the Mortgage Loan Seller, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt
written notice of such breach to the other party or parties hereto.
 
Section
6.     Repurchases; Substitutions.
 
(a)          
If the Purchaser discovers that any document constituting a part of a Mortgage File has not been delivered within the time
periods provided for herein, has not been properly executed, is missing, does not appear to be regular on its face or contains
information that does not conform in any material respect with the corresponding information set forth in the
 

14
 
 
Mortgage
Loan Schedule (each, a “Defect”), or discovers or receives notice of a breach of any representation or warranty
of the Mortgage Loan Seller made pursuant to Section 4(a) of this Agreement with respect to any Mortgage Loan (a “Breach”),
and if such Defect is a Material Defect or such Breach is a Material Breach, then the Purchaser (or, following the assignment
of the Mortgage Loans to the Trust Fund, the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Trustee, the Certificate Administrator,
the Operating Advisor, the Asset Representations Reviewer or the Custodian, on behalf of the Trust Fund) shall give prompt written
notice thereof to the Mortgage Loan Seller. If any such Defect or Breach materially and adversely affects the value of any Mortgage
Loan, the value of the related Mortgaged Property or the interests in such Mortgage Loan or Mortgaged Property of the Purchaser,
or causes the related Mortgage Loan to be other than a “qualified mortgage” (within the meaning of Section 860G(a)(3)
of the Code, without regard to the rule of Treasury Regulation Section 1.860G-2(f)(2) which causes a defective mortgage loan to
be treated as a “qualified mortgage”), then such Defect shall constitute a “Material Defect” or
such Breach shall constitute a “Material Breach,” as the case may be; provided, however, that
if any of the documents specified in clauses (i), (ii), (vii), (xi) and (xix) of Section 2.01(a)
of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement is (subject to Sections 2(c) and 2(d) hereof) not delivered, and is
certified as missing pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, it shall be deemed a Material Defect.
Promptly upon receiving written notice of any Material Defect or Material Breach with respect to a Mortgage Loan, accompanied
by a written demand to take the actions contemplated by this sentence, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall, not later than 90 days
from the Mortgage Loan Seller’s receipt from the Purchaser (or, following the assignment of the Mortgage Loans to the Trust
Fund, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Trustee, the Certificate Administrator, the Operating Advisor,
the Asset Representations Reviewer or the Custodian, on behalf of the Trust Fund) of notice of, and demand to take action with
respect to, such Material Defect or Material Breach, as the case may be (or, in the case of a Material Defect or Material Breach
relating to a Mortgage Loan not being a “qualified mortgage” as described in the preceding sentence, not later than
90 days after any party to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement discovers such Material Defect or Material Breach, provided that
the Mortgage Loan Seller has received notice in accordance with the terms of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) (any such 90-day
period, the “Initial Resolution Period”), (i) cure the same in all material respects, (ii) repurchase
the affected Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) substitute a Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan for
such affected Mortgage Loan (other than with respect to a Whole Loan, for which no substitution shall be permitted) and pay to
the Master Servicer for deposit into the Collection Account any Substitution Shortfall Amount in connection therewith (provided
that in no event shall such substitution occur later than the second anniversary of the Closing Date); provided that
if (i) such Material Defect or Material Breach (other than one relating to a deemed Material Defect under the proviso to
the immediately preceding sentence) is capable of being cured but not within the Initial Resolution Period, (ii) such Material
Defect or Material Breach is not related to any Mortgage Loan’s not being a “qualified mortgage” within the
meaning of the REMIC Provisions, (iii) the Mortgage Loan Seller has commenced and is diligently proceeding with the cure
of such Material Defect or Material Breach within the Initial Resolution Period, and (iv) the Mortgage Loan Seller has delivered
to the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Certificate Administrator (who will promptly deliver a copy of such officer’s
certificate to the 17g-5 Information Provider), the Trustee, the Operating Advisor, the Asset Representations Reviewer and, prior
to the occurrence of a Consultation Termination Event, the Directing Certificateholder,
 

15
 
 
an officer’s certificate that describes
the reason the cure was not effected within the initial 90-day period, then the Mortgage Loan Seller shall have an additional
period equal to the applicable Resolution Extension Period to complete such cure or, failing such cure, to repurchase the Mortgage
Loan or substitute a Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Mortgage Loan is not secured by a
Mortgaged Property that is, in whole or in part, a hotel, restaurant (operated by a Borrower), healthcare facility, nursing home,
assisted living facility, self-storage facility, theatre or fitness center (operated by a Borrower), then the failure to deliver
to the Custodian copies of the UCC financing statements with respect to such Mortgage Loan shall not be a Material Defect. With
respect to each Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees that any Defect as such term is defined in the related
controlling Other Pooling and Servicing Agreement (other than a Defect related to the promissory note for the related Companion
Loan) will constitute a Defect under this Agreement.
 
No delay in either the
discovery of a Material Defect or Material Breach on the part of any party to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or in providing
notice of such Material Defect or Material Breach shall relieve the Mortgage Loan Seller of its obligation to repurchase the related
Mortgage Loan (if it is otherwise required to do so under this Agreement) unless (i) the Mortgage Loan Seller did not otherwise
discover or have knowledge of such Material Defect or Material Breach, (ii) such delay is the result of the failure by a party
to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement to provide prompt notice as required by the terms of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement
after such party has actual knowledge of such Material Defect or Material Breach (knowledge shall not be deemed to exist by reason
of the custodian’s exception report) and such delay precludes the Mortgage Loan Seller from curing such Material Defect or
Material Breach and (iii) without limiting any applicable Initial Resolution Period, such Material Defect or Material Breach did
not relate to a Mortgage Loan not being a “qualified mortgage” as described in this section.
 
If the Mortgage Loan
Seller is notified of a Defect in any Mortgage File that also affects information set forth in the Mortgage Loan Schedule, the
Mortgage Loan Seller shall promptly correct such Defect and provide a new, corrected Mortgage Loan Schedule to the Purchaser, which
corrected Mortgage Loan Schedule shall be deemed to amend and replace the existing Mortgage Loan Schedule for all purposes. Subject
to the immediately preceding paragraph, the failure of the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Operating Advisor, the Asset
Representations Reviewer, the Certificate Administrator or the Trustee to notify the Mortgage Loan Seller of a Material Defect
or Material Breach shall not constitute a waiver of any cure or repurchase obligation, provided that the Mortgage Loan Seller
must receive written notice thereof as described in this Section 6(a) before commencement of the Initial Resolution Period.
 
If (x) there exists a
Breach of any representation or warranty on the part of the Mortgage Loan Seller as set forth in, or made pursuant to, representation
30 or 32 of Exhibit D to this Agreement relating to fees and expenses payable by the Borrower associated with the exercise
of a defeasance option, a waiver of a “due-on-sale” provision or a “due-on-encumbrance” provision or the
release of any Mortgaged Property, and (y) the related Loan Documents specifically prohibit the Master Servicer or Special Servicer
from requiring the related Borrower to pay such fees and expenses, then, upon receipt of notice from the Master Servicer or Special
Servicer, the Mortgage Loan Seller may cure such breach by transferring to
 

16
 
 
the
Collection Account, within 90 days of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s receipt of such notice, the amount of any such fees and
expenses borne by the Trust Fund that are the basis of such Breach. Upon its making such deposit, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall
be deemed to have cured such Breach in all respects. Provided such payment is made, this paragraph describes the sole remedy available
to the Purchaser and its assignees regarding any such Breach, regardless of whether it constitutes a Material Breach, and the
Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be obligated to repurchase or otherwise cure such Breach.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 6(a), in lieu of the Mortgage Loan Seller performing its obligations with respect to any
Material Breach or Material Defect provided in the three preceding paragraphs, to the extent that the Mortgage Loan Seller and
the Purchaser (or, following the assignment of the Mortgage Loans to the Trust Fund, the Special Servicer on behalf of the Trust
Fund, and, if no Control Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, with the consent of the Controlling Class Representative)
are able to agree upon a cash payment payable by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser (or its assignee) that would be deemed
sufficient to compensate the Purchaser (or its assignee) for a Material Breach or Material Defect (a “Loss of Value Payment”),
the Mortgage Loan Seller may elect, in its sole discretion, to pay such Loss of Value Payment to the Purchaser (or its assignee);
provided that a Material Defect or a Material Breach as a result of a Mortgage Loan not constituting a “qualified
mortgage”, within the meaning of Code Section 860G(a)(3) (without regard to the rule of Treasury Regulation Section 1.860G-2(f)(2)
which causes a defective mortgage loan to be treated as a “qualified mortgage”), may not be cured by a Loss of Value
Payment. Upon its making such payment, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be deemed to have cured such Material Breach or Material
Defect in all respects. Provided such payment is made, this paragraph describes the sole remedy available to the Purchaser and
its assignees regarding any such Material Breach or Material Defect, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be obligated to repurchase
or replace the related Mortgage Loan or otherwise cure such Material Breach or Material Defect.
 
(b)          
In connection with any repurchase of, or substitution for, a Mortgage Loan contemplated by this Section 6:
 
(i)           
the Custodian, the Master Servicer (with respect to any such Mortgage Loan other than a Specially Serviced Loan) and the
Special Servicer (with respect to any such Mortgage Loan that is a Specially Serviced Loan), pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement, shall each be required to tender to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be entitled to receive
therefrom, all portions of the Mortgage File (in the case of the Custodian) and the Servicing File (in the case of the Master
Servicer and the Special Servicer, as applicable) and any and all other documents pertaining to such Mortgage Loan possessed by
it, upon delivery:
 
 (A)           to the Master Servicer or the Special Servicer, as applicable, of a trust receipt, and
 
 (B)           to
the Custodian by the Master Servicer or the Special Servicer, as applicable, of a Request for Release and an acknowledgement by
the Master
 

17
 
 
Servicer
or Special Servicer, as applicable, of its receipt of the Purchase Price or the Substitution Shortfall Amount from the Mortgage
Loan Seller;
 
(ii)           each document that constitutes a part of the Mortgage File that was endorsed or assigned to the Trustee shall be endorsed
or assigned without recourse in the form of endorsement or assignment provided to the Custodian by the Mortgage Loan Seller, as
the case may be, to the Mortgage Loan Seller as shall be necessary to vest in the Mortgage Loan Seller the legal and beneficial
ownership of each Removed Mortgage Loan to the extent such ownership was transferred to the Trustee; and
 
(iii)          the Trustee, the Certificate Administrator, the Master Servicer and the Special Servicer shall release, or cause the release
of, any escrow payments and reserve funds held by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Certificate Administrator, the Master Servicer
or the Special Servicer, as the case may be, in respect of such Removed Mortgage Loan(s) to the Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
(c)          
This Section 6 provides the sole remedies with respect to the Mortgage Loans available to the Purchaser, and
its successors and permitted assigns (i.e., the Trustee and the holders of the Certificates) in respect of any Defect in
a Mortgage File or any Breach. If the Mortgage Loan Seller defaults on its obligations to cure, to repurchase, or to substitute
for, any Mortgage Loan in accordance with this Section 6, or disputes its obligation to cure, to repurchase, or to
substitute for, any Mortgage Loan in accordance with Section 6, the Purchaser may take such action as is appropriate to
enforce such payment or performance, including, without limitation, the institution and prosecution of appropriate proceedings.
To the extent the Purchaser prevails in such proceeding, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall reimburse the Purchaser for all necessary
and reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of such obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller to
cure, to repurchase, or to substitute for, any Mortgage Loan in accordance with this Section 6. To the extent the Mortgage
Loan Seller prevails in such proceeding, the Purchaser shall reimburse the Mortgage Loan Seller for all necessary and reasonable
costs and expenses incurred in connection with such proceeding.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if there is a Material Breach or Material Defect with respect to one or more Mortgaged Properties securing a Mortgage Loan, the
Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be obligated to repurchase the Mortgage Loan if (i) the affected Mortgaged Property may be
released pursuant to the terms of any partial release provisions in the related Loan Documents (and such Mortgaged Property is,
in fact, released), (ii) the remaining Mortgaged Property(ies) satisfy the requirements, if any, set forth in the Loan Documents
and the Mortgage Loan Seller provides an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such release would not cause an Adverse REMIC Event
to occur and (iii) each Rating Agency then rating the Certificates shall have provided a Rating Agency Confirmation with respect
to such release.
 
(d)          
As to any Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan, at the direction of the Master Servicer (with respect to Performing Loans)
or the Special Servicer (with respect to Specially Serviced Loans and REO Properties), the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver to
the Custodian for such Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan (with a copy to the Master Servicer), the related Mortgage File with
the related Mortgage Note endorsed as required by clause (i) of Section 2.01(a) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. Pursuant
to the Pooling and Servicing
 

18
 
 
Agreement,
Monthly Payments due with respect to Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loans in or prior to the month of substitution shall not be
part of the Trust Fund and, if received by the Master Servicer, shall be remitted by the Master Servicer to the related Mortgage
Loan Seller on the next succeeding Distribution Date. For the month of repurchase or substitution, distributions to Certificateholders
pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will include the Monthly Payment(s) due on the related Removed Mortgage Loan and
received by the Master Servicer or the Special Servicer on behalf of the Trust on or prior to the related date of repurchase or
substitution, as applicable, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be entitled to retain all amounts received thereafter in respect
of such Removed Mortgage Loan.
 
In any month in which
the Mortgage Loan Seller substitutes one or more Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loans for one or more Removed Mortgage Loans, pursuant
to this Agreement, the Master Servicer will determine the applicable Substitution Shortfall Amount. At the direction of the Certificate
Administrator, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deposit, or deliver to the Master Servicer for deposit, into the Collection Account
cash equal to such amount concurrently with the delivery of the Mortgage Files for such Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loans, without
any reimbursement thereof. Any Mortgage Loan that is repurchased or replaced by the Mortgage Loan Seller pursuant to this Section 6
shall constitute a “Removed Mortgage Loan”.
 
(e)          
If the Mortgage Loan Seller (i) receives from any Person (other than the Depositor) any Repurchase Communication of
a Repurchase Request; (ii) rejects any Repurchase Request or is in dispute with the Person making any Repurchase Request as to
the merits of such Repurchase Request (a “Dispute”); or (iii) receives a Repurchase Communication of a Repurchase
Request Withdrawal, then the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver notice thereof (each, a “Rule 15Ga-1 Notice”)
to the Depositor within ten (10) Business Days of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s receipt thereof (or in the case of a rejection
or Dispute, the occurrence or commencement, as applicable, thereof). Each Rule 15Ga-1 Notice shall include (i) the identity of
the related Mortgage Loan, (ii) the date the Repurchase Communication of the Repurchase Request or the Repurchase Request Withdrawal
was received, as applicable, and (iii) in the case of a Repurchase Request, the identity of the Person making such Repurchase Request
and, if known, the basis for the Repurchase Request (as asserted in the Repurchase Request).
 
“Repurchase
Communication” means, for purposes of this Section 6(e) only, any communication, whether oral or written, which
need not be in any specific form.
 
(f)           
The Mortgage Loan Seller shall provide to the Depositor relevant portions of any Form ABS-15G that the Mortgage Loan Seller
is required pursuant to Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (only to the extent
that such portions relate to any Mortgage Loan) on or before the date that is five (5) Business Days before the date such Form
ABS-15G is required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In connection with such filing, upon the request of
the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Depositor shall provide to the Mortgage Loan Seller the Trust Fund’s Central Index Key (CIK)
number and such other information regarding the principal balances of the Mortgage Loans as is reasonably necessary for the Mortgage
Loan Seller to complete and file such Form ABS-15G.
 

19
 
 
(g)          
The Mortgage Loan Seller agrees that a Rule 15Ga-1 Notice Provider will not, in connection with providing the Mortgage Loan
Seller with any Rule 15Ga-1 Notice (for purposes of this Section 6(g) only, as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement),
be required to provide any information protected by the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrines. In addition,
the Mortgage Loan Seller hereby acknowledges that (i) any Rule 15Ga-1 Notice provided pursuant to Section 2.03(d)
of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement is so provided only to assist the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Depositor and its Affiliates
to comply with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act, Items 1104 and 1121 of Regulation AB and any other requirement of law or regulation
and (ii) (A) no action taken by, or inaction of, a Rule 15Ga-1 Notice Provider and (B) no information provided pursuant
to Section 2.03(d) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement by a Rule 15Ga-1 Notice Provider, shall be deemed to constitute
a waiver or defense to the exercise of any legal right the Rule 15Ga-1 Notice Provider may have with respect to this Agreement,
including with respect to any Repurchase Request that is the subject of a Rule 15Ga-1 Notice.
 
(h)          
Each party hereto agrees that the receipt of a Rule 15Ga-1 Notice or the delivery of any notice required to be delivered
pursuant to this Section 6 shall not, in and of itself, constitute delivery of notice of, receipt of notice of, or knowledge
of the Mortgage Loan Seller of, any Material Defect or Material Breach.
 
(i)           
If any Breach pertains to a representation or warranty that the related Loan Documents or any particular Loan Document requires
the related Borrower to bear the costs and expenses associated with any particular action or matter under such Loan Document(s),
then the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to repurchase or replace such Mortgage Loan and the sole remedy with respect
to any Breach of such representation shall be to cure such Breach within the applicable cure period (as the same may be extended)
by reimbursing the Trust Fund (by wire transfer of immediately available funds) the reasonable amount of any such costs and expenses
incurred by the Master Servicer, the Special Servicer, the Certificate Administrator, the Trustee or the Trust Fund that are the
basis of such Breach and have not been reimbursed by the related Borrower; provided, however, that in the event any
such costs and expenses exceed $10,000, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall have the option to either repurchase or substitute for the
related Mortgage Loan as provided above or pay such costs and expenses. Except as provided in the proviso to the immediately preceding
sentence, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall remit the amount of such costs and expenses and upon its making such remittance, the Mortgage
Loan Seller shall be deemed to have cured such Breach in all respects. To the extent any fees or expenses that are the subject
of a cure by the Mortgage Loan Seller are subsequently obtained from the related Borrower, the portion of the cure payment made
by the Mortgage Loan Seller equal to such fees or expenses obtained from the Borrower shall promptly be returned to the Mortgage
Loan Seller pursuant to Section 2.03(e), of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
 
Section
7.     Closing.
 
The closing of the purchase
and sale of the Mortgage Loans (the “Closing”) shall be held at the offices of Sidley Austin LLP, 787 Seventh
Avenue, New York, New York 10019 at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Closing Date.
 

20
 
 
The Closing shall be
subject to each of the following conditions:
 
(i)           
All of the representations and warranties of the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser specified herein shall be true
and correct as of the Closing Date, and the Aggregate Cut-off Date Balance shall be within the range permitted by Section 1
of this Agreement;
 
(ii)           All documents specified in Section 8 (the “Closing Documents”), in such forms as are agreed
upon and acceptable to the Purchaser and, in the case of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (insofar as such agreement affects
the obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller hereunder or the rights of the Mortgage Loan Seller hereunder or thereunder) and other
documents to be delivered by or on behalf of the Purchaser, to the Mortgage Loan Seller, shall be duly executed and delivered
by all signatories as required pursuant to the respective terms thereof;
 
(iii)          The Mortgage Loan Seller shall have delivered and released to the Certificate Administrator, the Purchaser or the Purchaser’s
designee, as the case may be, all documents and funds required to be so delivered on or before the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2;
 
(iv)          The result of any examination of the Mortgage Files and Servicing Files performed by or on behalf of the Purchaser pursuant
to Section 3 shall be satisfactory to the Purchaser in its reasonable determination;
 
(v)           All other terms and conditions of this Agreement required to be complied with on or before the Closing Date shall have
been complied with, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall have the ability to comply with all terms and conditions and perform all
duties and obligations required to be complied with or performed after the Closing Date;
 
(vi)          The Mortgage Loan Seller shall have received the Mortgage Loan Purchase Price, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall have
paid or agreed to pay all fees, costs and expenses payable by it to the Purchaser as of the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement;
and
 
(vii)         Neither the Underwriting Agreement nor the Certificate Purchase Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with
its terms.
 
Each of the parties agree
to use their reasonable best efforts to perform their respective obligations hereunder in a manner that will enable the Purchaser
to purchase the Mortgage Loans on the Closing Date.
 
Section
8.     Closing Documents.
 
The Closing Documents
shall consist of the following:
 
(a)          
This Agreement and the Bill of Sale duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and the Mortgage Loan Seller;
 

21
 
 
(b)          
An officer’s certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, executed by the Secretary or an
attesting secretary of the Mortgage Loan Seller, and dated the Closing Date, and upon which the Purchaser and the Principals may
rely, attaching thereto as exhibits the Mortgage Loan Seller’s organizational documents and all amendments, revisions, restatements
and supplements thereof;
 
(c)          
A certificate executed by an authorized officer certifying that (i) except as previously disclosed to the Purchaser in writing,
the representations and warranties of the Mortgage Loan Seller in or made pursuant to Section 4(a) and Section 4(b) of this Agreement
are true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date,
(ii) the Mortgage Loan Seller has, in all material respects, complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions
on its part required under this Agreement to be performed or satisfied by the Mortgage Loan Seller at or prior to the Closing Date,
and (iii) since the date of this Agreement, there will not have been, immediately prior to the transfer of the Mortgage Loans pursuant
to this Agreement, any material adverse change in the financial condition of the Mortgage Loan Seller, executed by an executive
officer of the Mortgage Loan Seller, on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s behalf and dated the Closing Date, and upon which the
Purchaser and the Principals may rely;
 
(d)          
A certificate of good standing regarding the Mortgage Loan Seller from the Secretary of State for the State of Delaware,
dated not earlier than 30 days prior to the Closing Date;
 
(e)          
Powers of Attorney of the Mortgage Loan Seller, each in the form of Exhibit C hereto, for the Master Servicer and
the Special Servicer, respectively;
 
(f)          
Written opinions of counsel (which may include opinions of in-house counsel, outside counsel or a combination thereof) for
the Mortgage Loan Seller, in form reasonably acceptable to counsel for the Purchaser and subject to such reasonable assumptions
and qualifications as may be requested by counsel for the Mortgage Loan Seller and acceptable to counsel for the Purchaser, dated
the Closing Date and addressed to the Purchaser and the Principals;
 
(g)          
Any other opinions of counsel for the Mortgage Loan Seller reasonably requested by any nationally recognized statistical
rating organization engaged by the Purchaser in connection with the issuance of the Certificates, each of which shall include the
Purchaser and the Principals as addressees;
 
(h)          
(i) A certificate of the senior executive officer of the Mortgage Loan Seller or the representative of the Mortgage Loan
Seller directly responsible for the underwriting, origination and/or sale of the Mortgage Loans, substantially in the form set
forth in Exhibit G hereto (a “Mortgage Loan Seller Sub-Certification”) and dated as of the date of the Preliminary
Prospectus, and (ii) a Mortgage Loan Seller Sub-Certification dated as of the date of the Final Prospectus; and
 
(i)           
Such further certificates, opinions and documents as the Purchaser may reasonably request.
 

22
 
 
Section
9.       Costs.
 
The Mortgage Loan Seller
shall pay (or shall reimburse the Purchaser to the extent that the Purchaser has paid) (a) the fees and expenses of counsel to
the Mortgage Loan Seller, (b) the expenses of filing or recording UCC assignments of financing statements, assignments of Mortgage
and Reassignments of Assignments of Leases, Rents and Profits with respect to the Mortgage Loans as set forth in this Agreement
and (c) on the Closing Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Shared Expense Percentage of the Shared Expenses (each as defined
in the Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of December 17, 2015, between DBSI, KeyBank National Association and the Mortgage
Loan Seller (the “MOU”)). All other costs and expenses, if any, in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder shall be borne by the party incurring such cost or expense.
 
Section
10.     Notices.
 
All demands, notices
and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) personally delivered,
(b) mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and received by the addressee, (c) sent by overnight mail
or courier service and received by the addressee or (d) transmitted by facsimile (or any other type of electronic transmission
agreed upon by the parties) and confirmed by a writing delivered by any of the means described in (a), (b) or (c), and if (i) to
the Purchaser, addressed to Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation, 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005,
Attention: Lainie Kaye, facsimile no. (212) 797-4487, with a copy to Kevin Blauch, Esq., Sidley Austin LLP, 787 Seventh Avenue,
New York, New York 10019, or such other address or facsimile number as may hereafter be furnished to the Mortgage Loan Seller
in writing by the Purchaser; and (ii) to the Mortgage Loan Seller, addressed to Jefferies LoanCore LLC, c/o LoanCore Capital, 80
Field Point Road, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830, Attention: Dan Bennett, facsimile no. (203) 861-6006, with a copy to Cadwalader,
Wickersham & Taft LLP, 200 Liberty Street, New York, New York 10281, Attention: Lisa Post, facsimile no. (212) 504-6666,
or such other address or facsimile number as the Mortgage Loan Seller may designate in writing to the Purchaser.
 
Section
11.     Notice
of Exchange Act Reportable Events.
 
The Mortgage Loan Seller
hereby agrees to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser and the Certificate Administrator disclosures of all material
information relating to any event, specifically relating to and actually known by the Mortgage Loan Seller, reasonably determined
in good faith by the Mortgage Loan Seller as required to be reported on or filed as an exhibit to (a) any Annual Report on Form
10-K with respect to the Trust Fund, insofar as such disclosure is required under any of Items 1117 and/or 1119 of Regulation AB,
(b) any Distribution Report on Form 10-D with respect to the Trust Fund, insofar as such disclosure is required under any of Items
1117, 1121(c)(2) and/or 1124 of Regulation AB or (c) any Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Trust Fund, insofar as
such disclosure is required under Item 1.03 of Form 8-K. In each case, the disclosure information that is to be delivered by the
Mortgage Loan Seller in accordance with this Section 11 is to be formatted in a manner that is reasonably appropriate for inclusion
in the applicable form (that is, Form 10-K, Form 10-D and/or Form 8-K, as applicable). The Mortgage Loan Seller shall use reasonable
efforts to
 

23
 
 
deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Certificate Administrator and the Purchaser proposed disclosure language relating to any such
event, specifically relating to and actually known by the Mortgage Loan Seller, described under Item 1117 of Regulation AB or
Item 1.03 of Form 8-K as soon as reasonably practicable after the Mortgage Loan Seller becomes aware of such event (and in no
event more than two (2) business days following the Mortgage Loan Seller becoming aware of the occurrence of such event if such
event is reportable under Item 1.03 of Form 8-K). The Mortgage
Loan Seller shall also
use reasonable efforts
to deliver to the Certificate Administrator and the Purchaser proposed disclosure
language relating to any such event, specifically relating to and actually known by the Mortgage Loan Seller, described under
Item 1119 of Regulation AB no later than the later of (i) March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year covered by
the subject Annual Report on Form 10-K and (ii) 15 business days following receipt of written notice from the parties to the Pooling
and Servicing Agreement (as required pursuant to the terms thereof) of the names and addresses of the parties to the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement (if different from the original parties to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) and each Servicing Function
Participant retained by the parties to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement during the calendar year covered by the subject Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be obligated to deliver
to the Purchaser or to the Certificate Administrator disclosure information that was previously delivered by the Mortgage Loan
Seller in accordance with this Section 11 or disclosed as part of the offering of the Certificates.
 
The obligation of the
Mortgage Loan Seller to provide the above referenced disclosure materials will terminate upon notice or other written confirmation
from the Purchaser that the reporting requirements with respect to the Trust Fund under the Exchange Act have been suspended. The
Mortgage Loan Seller hereby acknowledges that the information to be provided by it pursuant to this Section will be used in the
preparation of reports meeting the reporting requirements of the Purchaser with respect to the Trust Fund under Section 13(a) and/or
Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
 
Section
12.     Representations,
Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery.
 
All representations,
warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement, incorporated herein by reference or contained in the certificates of officers
of the Mortgage Loan Seller submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect and shall survive delivery
of the Mortgage Loans by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser or its designee.
 
Section
13.     Severability
of Provisions.
 
Any part, provision,
representation, warranty or covenant of this Agreement that is prohibited or which is held to be void or unenforceable shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. Any part,
provision, representation, warranty or covenant of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable or is held to be void or
unenforceable in any particular jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any
 

24
 
 
particular
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by
applicable law, the parties hereto waive any provision of law which prohibits or renders void or unenforceable any provision hereof.
 
Section
14.     Counterparts.
 
This Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement in Portable Document Format
(PDF), any other electronic format or by facsimile transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed original
counterpart of this Agreement.
 
Section
15.     GOVERNING
LAW.
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND
ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT,
AND/OR THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW RULES THEREOF.
THE PARTIES HERETO INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SHALL APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.
 
Section
16.     WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.
 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION
BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY ASSIGNMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTIES, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS,
TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT
A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION
OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY
OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY ASSIGNMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT
AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ASSIGNMENT.
 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY (I) SUBMITS TO THE
 

25
 
 
JURISDICTION
OF ANY NEW YORK STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY WITH RESPECT TO MATTERS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT;
(II) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH MATTERS MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS;
(III) WAIVES THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INVOLVING SUCH CLAIMS IN ANY SUCH COURT; AND (IV)
AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER
JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.
 
Section
17.     Further
Assurances.
 
The Mortgage Loan Seller
and the Purchaser agree to execute and deliver such instruments and take such further actions as the other party may, from time
to time, reasonably request in order to effectuate the purposes and to carry out the terms of this Agreement.
 
Section
18.     Successors
and Assigns.
 
The rights and obligations
of the Mortgage Loan Seller under this Agreement shall not be assigned by the Mortgage Loan Seller without the prior written consent
of the Purchaser, except that any Person into which the Mortgage Loan Seller may be merged or consolidated, or any Person resulting
from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Mortgage Loan Seller is a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially
all of the business of the Mortgage Loan Seller, shall be the successor to the Mortgage Loan Seller hereunder. The Purchaser has
the right to assign its interest under this Agreement, in whole or in part (excluding the Purchaser’s rights and remedies
under Sections 6(e)-(g), 9 and 11 of this Agreement), to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Certificateholders,
as may be required to effect the purposes of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and, upon such assignment, the Trustee shall,
to the extent of such assignment, succeed to the rights hereunder of the Purchaser, provided that the Trustee shall
have no right to further assign such rights to any other Person. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind and inure
to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser, and their permitted successors and permitted
assigns.
 
Section
19.     Amendments.
 
No term or provision
of this Agreement may be amended, waived, modified or in any way altered, unless such amendment, waiver, modification or alteration
is in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of the party against whom such amendment, waiver, modification or alteration
is sought to be enforced.
 
Section
20.     Entire
Agreement.
 
This Agreement contains
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the MOU
(solely with respect to those portions of this Agreement that are not assigned to the Trustee), the Bill of Sale and the Indemnification
Agreement), and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied,
oral or written, of any nature
 

26
 
 
whatsoever
with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of
the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.
 

27
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective duly authorized officers
as of the date first above written.



 
 
 

 
JEFFERIES LOANCORE LLC

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:

 
 
 

 
DEUTSCHE MORTGAGE & ASSET RECEIVING CORPORATION

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:


 

28
 
 
EXHIBIT A

MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE
 
The Mortgage Loan Schedule
shall set forth, among other things, the following information with respect to each Mortgage Loan:
 
(i)           
the loan number;
 
(ii)          
the Mortgage Loan name;
 
(iii)          the street address (including city, state and zip code) of the related Mortgaged Property;
 
(iv)          the Mortgage Rate in effect as of the Cut-off Date;
 
(v)          
the original principal balance;
 
(vi)          the Stated Principal Balance as of the Cut-off Date;
 
(vii)         the Maturity Date or Anticipated Repayment Date for each Mortgage Loan;
 
(viii)        the Due Date;
 
(ix)          the amount of the Monthly Payment due on the first Due Date following the Cut-off Date;
 
(x)          
the Servicing Fee Rate;
 
(xi)          whether the Mortgage Loan is an Actual/360 Mortgage Loan;
 
(xii)         whether any letter of credit is held by the lender as a beneficiary or is assigned as security for such Mortgage Loan;
 
(xiii)        the revised rate of such Mortgage Loan, if any;
 
(xiv)        whether the Mortgage Loan is part of a Whole Loan;
 
(xv)         whether the Mortgage Loan is secured in any part by a leasehold interest; and
 
(xvi)        whether the Mortgage Loan has any related mezzanine debt or other subordinate debt.
 

A-1
 
 
Such list may be in the form of more than
one list, collectively setting forth all of the information required. Certain of the above-referenced items are described on the
Mortgage Loan Schedule attached hereto.
 

A-1
 
 
 



COMM 2016 - CCRE28 - Mortgage Loan Schedule

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Servicing Fee Rate
 
Interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Mortgage Loan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortage
 
Original Principal
 
Cut-off Date 
 
Maturity Date
 
Due
 
Current Monthly
 
Master Servicing
 
Primary Servicing
 
Accrual 
 
Letter of 
 
 
 
Part of
 
Leasehold
 
Current Mezzanine

ID
 
Loan Number
 
 Seller
 
Mortgage Loan Name
 
Street Address
 
City
 
State
 
Zip Code
 
Rate
 
Balance
 
Stated Principal Balance
 
or ARD
 
Date 
 
Debt Service
 
Fee Rate
 
Fee Rate
 
Method
 
Credit
 
Post-ARD Revised Rate
 
Whole Loan
 
Interest
 
or Subordinate Debt

JLC7
 
7
 
JLC
 
Promenade Gateway
 
1453-1457 3rd Street Promenade
 
Santa Monica
 
CA
 
90401
 
4.5320%
 
$30,000,000
 
$30,000,000.00 
 
12/6/2025
 
6
 
117,076.67
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
Yes
 
 
 
 

JLC8
 
8
 
JLC
 
Shutterfly
 
7195 South Shutterfly Way
 
Tempe
 
AZ
 
85283
 
4.9410%
 
$30,000,000
 
$29,898,169.48 
 
1/6/2026
 
6
 
174,347.31
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC15
 
15
 
JLC
 
Alexis at Town East
 
645 North Town East Boulevard
 
Mesquite
 
TX
 
75150
 
4.9470%
 
$16,000,000
 
$16,000,000.00 
 
2/6/2026
 
6
 
68,158.67
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC24
 
24
 
JLC
 
8911 Aviation Blvd
 
8911 Aviation Blvd.
 
Inglewood
 
CA
 
90301
 
4.7580%
 
$9,800,000
 
$9,775,334.35 
 
1/6/2026
 
6
 
51,168.71
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC25
 
25
 
JLC
 
Hampton Inn Southgate
 
13555 Prechter Boulevard
 
Southgate
 
MI
 
48195
 
5.0540%
 
$9,560,000
 
$9,528,091.72 
 
1/6/2026
 
6
 
56,187.99
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC29
 
29
 
JLC
 
Hampton Inn Eau Claire
 
2622 Craig Road
 
Eau Claire
 
WI
 
54701
 
4.9850%
 
$8,100,000
 
$8,085,246.10 
 
2/6/2026
 
6
 
47,281.03
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC30
 
30
 
JLC
 
Colony Square Atascadero
 
6917 El Camino Real
 
Atascadero
 
CA
 
93422
 
4.8190%
 
$7,800,000
 
$7,780,586.40 
 
1/6/2026
 
6
 
41,013.52
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC31
 
31
 
JLC
 
Pioneer Business Center
 
1444, 1466 and 1488 Pioneer Way
 
El Cajon
 
CA
 
92020
 
4.9390%
 
$7,600,000
 
$7,600,000.00 
 
12/6/2025
 
6
 
32,323.01
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC36
 
36
 
JLC
 
Meadows of Geneseo
 
8 Hillside Drive
 
Geneseo
 
NY
 
14454
 
4.9360%
 
$6,400,000
 
$6,384,409.83 
 
1/6/2026
 
6
 
34,106.69
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC42
 
42
 
JLC
 
Oak Hills Village
 
1847 Babcock Road
 
San Antonio
 
TX
 
78229
 
4.8480%
 
$5,400,000
 
$5,400,000.00 
 
12/6/2025
 
6
 
22,543.20
 
0.0025%
 
0.0000%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC47
 
47
 
JLC
 
Radisson Cincinnati Riverfront
 
668 West Fifth Street
 
Covington
 
KY
 
41011
 
5.4650%
 
$5,000,000
 
$4,984,310.64 
 
1/6/2021
 
6
 
30,599.95
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
Fee Simple/Leasehold
 
 

JLC51
 
51
 
JLC
 
Mentis Medical Office
 
4360 Doniphan Drive
 
El Paso
 
TX
 
79922
 
4.9440%
 
$4,250,000
 
$4,250,000.00 
 
11/6/2025
 
6
 
18,093.67
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC52
 
52
 
JLC
 
1700 W. 18th Street
 
1700 West 18th Street
 
Chicago
 
IL
 
60608
 
4.8050%
 
$4,125,000
 
$4,110,082.84 
 
12/6/2025
 
6
 
21,654.91
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC55
 
55
 
JLC
 
Quality Suites Pineville
 
9840 Pineville-Matthews Road
 
Pineville
 
NC
 
28134
 
5.3160%
 
$3,750,000
 
$3,726,378.78 
 
11/6/2025
 
6
 
22,618.04
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC61
 
61
 
JLC
 
Bronzeville Apartments
 
Various
 
Chicago
 
IL
 
60653
 
5.1790%
 
$2,400,000
 
$2,392,137.89 
 
1/6/2026
 
6
 
14,281.59
 
0.0025%
 
0.0025%
 
Actual/360
 
None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC61.01
 
61.01
 
JLC
 
4417-4419 South Indiana Avenue
 
4417-4419 South Indiana Avenue
 
Chicago
 
IL
 
60653
 
5.1790%
 
$1,360,000
 
$1,355,544.80 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

JLC61.02
 
61.02
 
JLC
 
4235-4237 South Calumet Avenue 
 
4235-4237 South Calumet Avenue 
 
Chicago
 
IL
 
60653
 
5.1790%
 
$1,040,000
 
$1,036,593.09 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
EXHIBIT
B

[RESERVED]
 

B-1
 
 
EXHIBIT C
 
FORM OF POWER OF ATTORNEY
 
RECORDING REQUESTED BY:
[_____]
 
AND WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO:
 
[_____]
[_____]
[_____]
Attention: [_____]



 

 
POWER OF ATTORNEY
(Jefferies LoanCore LLC)
 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS, that Jefferies LoanCore LLC, as Mortgage Loan Seller under that certain Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement dated and effective
March 3, 2016 (the “Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement”), does hereby appoint Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as master servicer (the “Master Servicer”) and CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as special servicer (the “Special
Servicer”) under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of March 1, 2016, between Deutsche Mortgage & Asset
Receiving Corporation, as depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as master servicer, CWCapital Asset Management LLC,
as special servicer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as certificate administrator,
paying agent and custodian, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as operating advisor, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as asset representations
reviewer, and any other party thereto, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact for it and in its name, place, stead and for its
use and benefit:
 
 
 
To perform any and all acts which may
be necessary or appropriate to enable the [Master][Special] Servicer to take such action as is necessary to effect the delivery,
assignment and/or recordation of any documents and/or instruments relating to any Mortgage Loan (as defined in the Mortgage Loan
Purchase Agreement and other than any Mortgage Loan that is a Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan within the meaning of the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement) which has not been delivered, assigned or recorded at the time required for enforcement as provided in the
Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, giving and granting unto the [Master][Special] Servicer full power and authority to do and
 

C-1
 
 
perform
any and every lawful act necessary, requisite, or proper in connection with the foregoing and hereby ratifying, approving or confirming
all that the [Master][Special] Servicer shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
 

C-2
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned caused this power of attorney to be executed as of the ____ day of March, 2016.



 
 
 

 
JEFFERIES
LOANCORE LLC

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:



 

C-3
 
 
EXHIBIT D

MORTGAGE LOAN REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER
REGARDING THE INDIVIDUAL MORTGAGE LOANS
 
(1)          
Whole Loan; Ownership of Mortgage Loans. Except with respect to a Mortgage Loan that is part of a Whole Loan, each
Mortgage Loan is a whole loan and not a participation interest in a Mortgage Loan. Each Mortgage Loan that is part of a Whole Loan
is a portion of a whole loan evidenced by a Mortgage Note. At the time of the sale, transfer and assignment to Purchaser, no Mortgage
Note or Mortgage was subject to any assignment (other than assignments to the Mortgage Loan Seller), participation or pledge, and
the Mortgage Loan Seller had good title to, and was the sole owner of, each Mortgage Loan free and clear of any and all liens,
charges, pledges, encumbrances, participations, any other ownership interests on, in or to such Mortgage Loan other than any servicing
rights appointment or similar agreement. Mortgage Loan Seller has full right and authority to sell, assign and transfer each Mortgage
Loan, and the assignment to Purchaser constitutes a legal, valid and binding assignment of such Mortgage Loan free and clear of
any and all liens, pledges, charges or security interests of any nature encumbering such Mortgage Loan.
 
(2)          
Loan Document Status. Each related Mortgage Note, Mortgage, Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits (if a separate
instrument), guaranty and other agreement executed by or on behalf of the related Borrower, guarantor or other obligor in connection
with such Mortgage Loan is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Borrower, guarantor or other obligor (subject
to any non-recourse provisions contained in any of the foregoing agreements and any applicable state anti-deficiency or market
value limit deficiency legislation), as applicable, and is enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforcement
may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and (b) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (ii) that certain provisions in such Loan Documents (including,
without limitation, provisions requiring the payment of default interest, late fees or prepayment/yield maintenance fees, charges
and/or premiums) are, or may be, further limited or rendered unenforceable by or under applicable law, but (subject to the limitations
set forth in clause (i) above) such limitations or unenforceability will not render such Loan Documents invalid as a whole or materially
interfere with the mortgagee’s realization of the principal benefits and/or security provided thereby (clauses (i) and (ii)
collectively, the “Standard Qualifications”).
 
Except as set forth
in the immediately preceding sentences, there is no valid offset, defense, counterclaim or right of rescission available to the
related Borrower with respect to any of the related Mortgage Notes, Mortgages or other Loan Documents, including, without limitation,
any such valid offset, defense, counterclaim or right based on intentional fraud by Mortgage Loan Seller in connection with the
origination of the Mortgage Loan, that would deny
 

D-1
 
 
the
mortgagee the principal benefits intended to be provided by the Mortgage Note, Mortgage or other Loan Documents.
 
(3)          
Mortgage Provisions. The Loan Documents for each Mortgage Loan contain provisions that render the rights and remedies
of the holder thereof adequate for the practical realization against the Mortgaged Property of the principal benefits of the security
intended to be provided thereby, including realization by judicial or, if applicable, non-judicial foreclosure subject to the limitations
set forth in the Standard Qualifications.
 
(4)          
Mortgage Status; Waivers and Modifications. Since origination and except by written instruments set forth in the
related Mortgage File or as otherwise provided in the related Loan Documents (a) the material terms of such Mortgage, Mortgage
Note, Mortgage Loan guaranty, and related Loan Documents have not been waived, impaired, modified, altered, satisfied, canceled,
subordinated or rescinded in any respect; (b) no related Mortgaged Property or any portion thereof has been released from the lien
of the related Mortgage in any manner which materially interferes with the security intended to be provided by such Mortgage or
the use or operation of the remaining portion of such Mortgaged Property; and (c) neither the related Borrower nor the related
guarantor has been released from its material obligations under the Mortgage Loan. With respect to each Mortgage Loan, except as
contained in a written document included in the Mortgage File, there have been no modifications, amendments or waivers, that could
be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on such Mortgage Loan consented to by Mortgage Loan Seller on or after
February 16, 2016.
 
(5)          
Lien; Valid Assignment. Subject to the Standard Qualifications, each assignment of Mortgage and assignment of Assignment
of Leases, Rents and Profits to the Trust constitutes a legal, valid and binding assignment to the Trust. Each related Mortgage
and Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits is freely assignable without the consent of the related Borrower. Each related Mortgage
is a legal, valid and enforceable first lien on the related Borrower’s fee or leasehold interest in the Mortgaged Property
in the principal amount of such Mortgage Loan or allocated loan amount (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances (as defined below)
and the exceptions to paragraph (6) set forth on Schedule D-1 to this Exhibit D (each such exception, a “Title Exception”)),
except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by the Standard Qualifications. Such Mortgaged Property (subject to and excepting
Permitted Encumbrances and the Title Exceptions) as of origination was, and as of the Cut-off Date, to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s
knowledge, is free and clear of any recorded mechanics’ liens, recorded materialmen’s liens and other recorded encumbrances
which are prior to or equal with the lien of the related Mortgage, except those which are bonded over, escrowed for or insured
against by a lender’s title insurance policy (as described below), and, to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge and
subject to the rights of tenants (as tenants only) (subject to and excepting Permitted Encumbrances and the Title Exceptions),
no rights exist which under law could give rise to any such lien or encumbrance that would be prior to or equal with the lien of
the related Mortgage, except those which are bonded over, escrowed for or insured against by a lender’s title insurance policy
(as described below). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no representation is made as to the perfection of any security
interest in rents or other personal property to the
 

D-2
 
 
extent
that possession or control of such items or actions other than the filing of Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”)
financing statements is required in order to effect such perfection.
 
(6)          
Permitted Liens; Title Insurance. Each Mortgaged Property securing a Mortgage Loan is covered by an American Land
Title Association loan title insurance policy or a comparable form of loan title insurance policy approved for use in the applicable
jurisdiction (or, if such policy is yet to be issued, by a pro forma policy, a preliminary title policy with escrow instructions
or a “marked up” commitment, in each case binding on the title insurer) (the “Title Policy”) in
the original principal amount of such Mortgage Loan (or with respect to a Mortgage Loan secured by multiple properties, an amount
equal to at least the allocated loan amount with respect to the Title Policy for each such property) after all advances of principal
(including any advances held in escrow or reserves), that insures for the benefit of the owner of the indebtedness secured by the
Mortgage, the first priority lien of the Mortgage, which lien is subject only to (a) the lien of current real property taxes,
water charges, sewer rents and assessments not yet due and payable; (b) covenants, conditions and restrictions, rights of
way, easements and other matters of public record; (c) the exceptions (general and specific) and exclusions set forth in such Title
Policy; (d) other matters to which like properties are commonly subject; (e) the rights of tenants (as tenants only) under leases
(including subleases) pertaining to the related Mortgaged Property and condominium declarations; and (f) if the related Mortgage
Loan is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with another Mortgage Loan (each a “Crossed Mortgage Loan”),
the lien of the Mortgage for another Mortgage Loan that is cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with such Crossed Mortgage
Loan, provided that none of which items (a) through (f), individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely interferes
with the value or current use of the Mortgaged Property or the security intended to be provided by such Mortgage or the Borrower’s
ability to pay its obligations when they become due (collectively, the “Permitted Encumbrances”). Except as
contemplated by clause (f) of the preceding sentence, none of the Permitted Encumbrances are mortgage liens that are senior to
or coordinate and co-equal with the lien of the related Mortgage. Such Title Policy (or, if it has yet to be issued, the coverage
to be provided thereby) is in full force and effect, all premiums thereon have been paid and no claims have been made by the Mortgage
Loan Seller thereunder and no claims have been paid thereunder. Neither the Mortgage Loan Seller, nor to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s
knowledge, any other holder of the Mortgage Loan, has done, by act or omission, anything that would materially impair the coverage
under such Title Policy.
 
(7)          
Junior Liens. It being understood that B notes secured by the same Mortgage as a Mortgage Loan are not subordinate
mortgages or junior liens, except for any Crossed Mortgage Loan, there are, as of origination, and to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s
knowledge, as of the Cut-off Date, no subordinate mortgages or junior liens securing the payment of money encumbering the related
Mortgaged Property (other than Permitted Encumbrances and the Title Exceptions, taxes and assessments, mechanics and materialmen’s
liens (which are the subject of the representation in paragraph (5) above), and equipment and other personal property financing).
Except as set forth in Schedule D-2 to this Exhibit D, the Mortgage Loan Seller has no knowledge of any mezzanine debt secured
directly by interests in the related Borrower.
 

D-3
 
 
(8)          
Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits. There exists as part of the related Mortgage File an Assignment of Leases,
Rents and Profits (either as a separate instrument or incorporated into the related Mortgage). Subject to the Permitted Encumbrances
and the Title Exceptions, each related Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits creates a valid first-priority collateral assignment
of, or a valid first-priority lien or security interest in, rents and certain rights under the related lease or leases, subject
only to a license granted to the related Borrower to exercise certain rights and to perform certain obligations of the lessor under
such lease or leases, including the right to operate the related leased property, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited
by the Standard Qualifications. The related Mortgage or related Assignment of Leases, Rents and Profits, subject to applicable
law, provides that, upon an event of default under the Mortgage Loan, a receiver is permitted to be appointed for the collection
of rents or for the related mortgagee to enter into possession to collect the rents or for rents to be paid directly to the mortgagee.
 
(9)          
UCC Filings. If the related Mortgaged Property is operated as a hospitality property, the Mortgage Loan Seller has
filed and/or recorded or caused to be filed and/or recorded (or, if not filed and/or recorded, have been submitted in proper form
for filing and/or recording), UCC financing statements in the appropriate public filing and/or recording offices necessary at the
time of the origination of the Mortgage Loan to perfect a valid security interest in all items of physical personal property reasonably
necessary to operate such Mortgaged Property owned by such Borrower and located on the related Mortgaged Property (other than any
non-material personal property, any personal property subject to a purchase money security interest, a sale and leaseback financing
arrangement as permitted under the terms of the related Loan Documents or any other personal property leases applicable to such
personal property), to the extent perfection may be effected pursuant to applicable law by recording or filing, as the case may
be. Subject to the Standard Qualifications, each related Mortgage (or equivalent document) creates a valid and enforceable lien
and security interest on the items of personalty described above. No representation is made as to the perfection of any security
interest in rents or other personal property to the extent that possession or control of such items or actions other than the filing
of UCC financing statements are required in order to effect such perfection.
 
(10)         Condition of Property. Mortgage Loan Seller or the originator of the Mortgage Loan inspected or caused to be inspected
each related Mortgaged Property within six months of origination of the Mortgage Loan and within twelve months of the Cut-off Date.
 
An engineering report
or property condition assessment was prepared in connection with the origination of each Mortgage Loan no more than twelve months
prior to the Cut-off Date. To the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, based solely upon due diligence customarily performed
in connection with the origination of comparable mortgage loans, as of the Closing Date, each related Mortgaged Property was free
and clear of any material damage (other than (i) any damage or deficiency that is estimated to cost less than $50,000 to repair,
(ii) any deferred maintenance for which escrows were established at origination and (iii) any damage fully covered by insurance)
that would affect materially and adversely the use or value of such Mortgaged Property as security for the Mortgage Loan.
 

D-4
 
 
(11)          Taxes and Assessments. All taxes, governmental assessments and other outstanding governmental charges (including,
without limitation, water and sewage charges), or installments thereof, that could be a lien on the related Mortgaged Property
that would be of equal or superior priority to the lien of the Mortgage and that prior to the Cut-off Date have become delinquent
in respect of each related Mortgaged Property have been paid, or an escrow of funds has been established in an amount sufficient
to cover such payments and reasonably estimated interest and penalties, if any, thereon. For purposes of this representation and
warranty, real estate taxes and governmental assessments and other outstanding governmental charges and installments thereof shall
not be considered delinquent until the earlier of (a) the date on which interest and/or penalties would first be payable thereon
and (b) the date on which enforcement action is entitled to be taken by the related taxing authority.
 
(12)          Condemnation. As of the date of origination and to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge as of the Cut-off Date,
there is no proceeding pending, and, to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge as of the date of origination and as of the
Cut-off Date, there is no proceeding threatened, for the total or partial condemnation of such Mortgaged Property that would have
a material adverse effect on the value, use or operation of the Mortgaged Property.
 
(13)          Actions Concerning Mortgage Loan. As of the date of origination and to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge
as of the Cut-off Date, there was no pending or filed action, suit or proceeding, arbitration or governmental investigation involving
any Borrower, guarantor, or Borrower’s interest in the Mortgaged Property, an adverse outcome of which would reasonably be
expected to materially and adversely affect (a) such Borrower’s title to the Mortgaged Property, (b) the validity or enforceability
of the Mortgage, (c) such Borrower’s ability to perform under the related Mortgage Loan, (d) such guarantor’s ability
to perform under the related guaranty, (e) the principal benefit of the security intended to be provided by the Loan Documents
or (f) the current principal use of the Mortgaged Property.
 
(14)          Escrow Deposits. All escrow deposits and payments required to be escrowed with lender pursuant to each Mortgage Loan
are in the possession, or under the control, of the Mortgage Loan Seller or its servicer, and there are no deficiencies (subject
to any applicable grace or cure periods) in connection therewith, and all such escrows and deposits (or the right thereto) that
are required to be escrowed with lender under the related Loan Documents are being conveyed by the Mortgage Loan Seller to Purchaser
or its servicer.
 
(15)          No Holdbacks. The Stated Principal Balance as of the Cut-off Date of the Mortgage Loan set forth on the mortgage
loan schedule attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement has been fully disbursed as of the Closing Date and there is no requirement
for future advances thereunder (except in those cases where the full amount of the Mortgage Loan has been disbursed but a portion
thereof is being held in escrow or reserve accounts pending the satisfaction of certain conditions relating to leasing, repairs
or other matters with respect to the related Mortgaged Property, the Borrower or other considerations determined by Mortgage Loan
Seller to merit such holdback).
 

D-5
 
 
(16)          Insurance. Each related Mortgaged Property is, and is required pursuant to the related Mortgage to be, insured by
a property insurance policy providing coverage for loss in accordance with coverage found under a “special cause of loss
form” or “all risk form” that includes replacement cost valuation issued by an insurer meeting the requirements
of the related Loan Documents and having a claims-paying or financial strength rating of any one of the following: (i) at
least “A-:VIII” from A.M. Best Company, (ii) at least “A3” (or the equivalent) from Moody’s
Investors Service, Inc. or (iii) at least “A-” from Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (collectively
the “Insurance Rating Requirements”), in an amount (subject to a customary deductible) not less than the lesser
of (1) the original principal balance of the Mortgage Loan and (2) the full insurable value on a replacement cost basis of the
improvements, furniture, furnishings, fixtures and equipment owned by the Borrower and included in the Mortgaged Property (with
no deduction for physical depreciation), but, in any event, not less than the amount necessary or containing such endorsements
as are necessary to avoid the operation of any coinsurance provisions with respect to the related Mortgaged Property.
 
Each related Mortgaged
Property is also covered, and required to be covered pursuant to the related Loan Documents, by business interruption or rental
loss insurance which (subject to a customary deductible) covers a period of not less than 12 months (or with respect to each Mortgage
Loan on a single asset with a principal balance of $50 million or more, 18 months).
 
If any material part
of the improvements, exclusive of a parking lot, located on a Mortgaged Property is in an area identified in the Federal Register
by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood hazards, the related Borrower is required to maintain insurance
in the maximum amount available under the National Flood Insurance Program.
 
If the Mortgaged Property
is located within 25 miles of the coast of the Gulf of Mexico or the Atlantic coast of Florida, Georgia, South Carolina or North
Carolina, the related Borrower is required to maintain coverage for windstorm and/or windstorm related perils and/or “named
storms” issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements or endorsement covering damage from windstorm and/or
windstorm related perils and/or named storms.
 
The Mortgaged Property
is covered, and required to be covered pursuant to the related Loan Documents, by a commercial general liability insurance policy
issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements including coverage for property damage, contractual damage and personal
injury (including bodily injury and death) in amounts as are generally required by the Mortgage Loan Seller for loans originated
for securitization, and in any event not less than $1 million per occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate.
 
An architectural or
engineering consultant has performed an analysis of each of the Mortgaged Properties located in seismic zones 3 or 4 in order to
evaluate the structural and seismic condition of such property, for the sole purpose of assessing either the scenario expected
limit (“SEL”) or the probable maximum loss (“PML”) for the Mortgaged Property in the event
of an earthquake. In such instance, the SEL or PML, as applicable, was based on a 475-year return period, an exposure period of
50 years and a 10% probability of exceedance. If the resulting
 

D-6
 
 
report
concluded that the SEL or PML, as applicable, would exceed 20% of the amount of the replacement costs of the improvements, earthquake
insurance on such Mortgaged Property was obtained by an insurer rated at least “A:VIII” by A.M. Best Company or “A3”
(or the equivalent) from Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or “A-” by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services
in an amount not less than 100% of the SEL or PML, as applicable.
 
The Loan Documents
require insurance proceeds in respect of a property loss to be applied either (a) to the repair or restoration of all or part of
the related Mortgaged Property, with respect to all property losses in excess of 5% of the then outstanding principal amount of
the related Mortgage Loan (or Whole Loan, if applicable), the lender (or a trustee appointed by it) having the right to hold and
disburse such proceeds as the repair or restoration progresses, or (b) to the payment of the outstanding principal balance of such
Mortgage Loan (or Whole Loan, if applicable) together with any accrued interest thereon.
 
All premiums on all
insurance policies referred to in this section required to be paid as of the Cut-off Date have been paid, and such insurance policies
name the lender under the Mortgage Loan and its successors and assigns as a loss payee under a mortgagee endorsement clause or,
in the case of the general liability insurance policy, as named or additional insured. Such insurance policies will inure to the
benefit of the Trustee (or, in the case of a Mortgage Loan that is a Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, the applicable Other Trustee).
Each related Mortgage Loan obligates the related Borrower to maintain all such insurance and, at such Borrower’s failure
to do so, authorizes the lender to maintain such insurance at the Borrower’s cost and expense and to charge such Borrower
for related premiums. All such insurance policies (other than commercial liability policies) require at least 10 days’ prior
notice to the lender of termination or cancellation arising because of nonpayment of a premium and at least 30 days prior notice
to the lender of termination or cancellation (or such lesser period, not less than 10 days, as may be required by applicable law)
arising for any reason other than non-payment of a premium and no such notice has been received by Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
(17)          Access; Utilities; Separate Tax Lots. Each Mortgaged Property (a) is located on or adjacent to a public road and
has direct legal access to such road, or has access via an irrevocable easement or irrevocable right of way permitting ingress
and egress to/from a public road, (b) is served by or has uninhibited access rights to public or private water and sewer (or well
and septic) and all required utilities, all of which are appropriate for the current use of the Mortgaged Property, and (c) constitutes
one or more separate tax parcels which do not include any property which is not part of the Mortgaged Property or is subject to
an endorsement under the related Title Policy insuring the Mortgaged Property, or in certain cases, an application has been, or
will be, made to the applicable governing authority for creation of separate tax lots, in which case the Mortgage Loan requires
the Borrower to escrow an amount sufficient to pay taxes for the existing tax parcel of which the Mortgaged Property is a part
until the separate tax lots are created.
 
(18)          No Encroachments. To Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge based solely on surveys obtained in connection with origination
and the lender’s Title Policy (or, if such policy is not yet issued, a pro forma title policy, a preliminary title policy
with escrow instructions or a
 

D-7
 
 
“marked
up” commitment) obtained in connection with the origination of each Mortgage Loan, all material improvements that were included
for the purpose of determining the appraised value of the related Mortgaged Property at the time of the origination of such Mortgage
Loan are within the boundaries of the related Mortgaged Property, except encroachments that do not materially and adversely affect
the value or current use of such Mortgaged Property or for which insurance or endorsements were obtained under the Title Policy.
No improvements on adjoining parcels encroach onto the related Mortgaged Property except for encroachments that do not materially
and adversely affect the value or current use of such Mortgaged Property or for which insurance or endorsements were obtained
under the Title Policy. No improvements encroach upon any easements except for encroachments the removal of which would not materially
and adversely affect the value or current use of such Mortgaged Property or for which insurance or endorsements obtained with
respect to the Title Policy.
 
(19)          No Contingent Interest or Equity Participation. No Mortgage Loan has a shared appreciation feature, any other contingent
interest feature or a negative amortization feature (except that an ARD Loan may provide for the accrual of the portion of interest
in excess of the rate in effect prior to the Anticipated Repayment Date) or an equity participation by Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
(20)          REMIC. The Mortgage Loan is a “qualified mortgage” within the meaning of Code Section 860G(a)(3) (but
determined without regard to the rule in the U.S. Department of Treasury Regulations (the “Treasury Regulations”)
Section 1.860G-2(f)(2) that treats certain defective mortgage loans as qualified mortgages), and, accordingly, (A) the issue price
of the Mortgage Loan to the related Borrower at origination did not exceed the non-contingent principal amount of the Mortgage
Loan and (B) either: (a) such Mortgage Loan is secured by an interest in real property (including buildings and structural components
thereof, but excluding personal property) having a fair market value (i) at the date the Mortgage Loan was originated at least
equal to 80% of the adjusted issue price of the Mortgage Loan (or Whole Loan, as applicable) on such date or (ii) at the Closing
Date at least equal to 80% of the adjusted issue price of the Mortgage Loan (or Whole Loan, if applicable) on such date, provided
that for purposes hereof, the fair market value of the real property interest must first be reduced by (A) the amount of any lien
on the real property interest that is senior to the Mortgage Loan and (B) a proportionate amount of any lien that is in parity
with the Mortgage Loan; or (b) substantially all of the proceeds of such Mortgage Loan were used to acquire, improve or protect
the real property which served as the only security for such Mortgage Loan (other than a recourse feature or other third-party
credit enhancement within the meaning of Section 1.860G-2(a)(1)(ii) of the Treasury Regulations). If the Mortgage Loan was “significantly
modified” prior to the Closing Date so as to result in a taxable exchange under Section 1001 of the Code, it either (x) was
modified as a result of the default or reasonably foreseeable default of such Mortgage Loan or (y) satisfies the provisions of
either sub-clause (B)(a)(i) above (substituting the date of the last such modification for the date the Mortgage Loan was originated)
or sub-clause (B)(a)(ii), including the proviso thereto. Any prepayment premium and yield maintenance charges applicable to the
Mortgage Loan constitute “customary prepayment penalties” within the meaning of Section 1.860G-1(b)(2) of the Treasury
Regulations. All terms used in this paragraph shall have the same meanings as set forth in the related Treasury Regulations.
 

D-8
 
 
(21)          Compliance with Usury Laws. The Mortgage Rate (exclusive of any default interest, late charges, yield maintenance
charge, or prepayment premiums) of such Mortgage Loan complied as of the date of origination with, or was exempt from, applicable
state or federal laws, regulations and other requirements pertaining to usury.
 
(22)          Authorized to do Business. To the extent required under applicable law, as of the Cut-off Date or as of the date
that such entity held the Mortgage Note, each holder of the Mortgage Note was authorized to transact and do business in the jurisdiction
in which each related Mortgaged Property is located, or the failure to be so authorized does not materially and adversely affect
the enforceability of such Mortgage Loan by the Trust.
 
(23)          Trustee under Deed of Trust. With respect to each Mortgage which is a deed of trust, as of the date of origination
and, to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, as of the Closing Date, a trustee, duly qualified under applicable law to serve
as such, currently so serves and is named in the deed of trust or has been substituted in accordance with the Mortgage and applicable
law or may be substituted in accordance with the Mortgage and applicable law by the related mortgagee.
 
(24)          Local Law Compliance. To the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, based upon any of a letter from any governmental
authorities, a legal opinion, an architect’s letter, a zoning consultant’s report, an endorsement to the related Title
Policy, or other affirmative investigation of local law compliance consistent with the investigation conducted by the Mortgage
Loan Seller for similar commercial, multifamily or, if applicable, manufactured housing
community mortgage loans intended for securitization, with respect to the improvements located on or forming part of each Mortgaged
Property securing a Mortgage Loan as of the date of origination of such Mortgage Loan and as of the Cut-off Date, there are no
material violations of applicable zoning ordinances, building codes and land laws (collectively “Zoning Regulations”)
other than those which (i) constitute a legal non-conforming use or structure, as to which as the Mortgaged Property may be restored
or repaired to the full extent necessary to maintain the use of the structure immediately prior to a casualty or the inability
to restore or repair to the full extent necessary to maintain the use or structure immediately prior to the casualty would not
materially and adversely affect the use or operation of the Mortgaged Property, (ii) are insured by the Title Policy or other
insurance policy, (iii) are insured by law and ordinance insurance coverage in amounts customarily required by the Mortgage Loan
Seller for loans originated for securitization that provides coverage for additional costs to rebuild and/or repair the property
to current Zoning Regulations or (iv) would not have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loan. The terms of the Loan Documents
require the Borrower to comply in all material respects with all applicable governmental regulations, zoning and building laws.
 
(25)          Licenses and Permits. Each Borrower covenants in the Loan Documents that it shall keep all material licenses, permits
and applicable governmental authorizations necessary for its operation of the Mortgaged Property in full force and effect, and
to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge based upon a letter from any government authorities or other affirmative investigation
of local law compliance consistent with the investigation conducted by the Mortgage Loan Seller for similar commercial, multifamily
or, if applicable, manufactured
 

D-9
 
 
housing
community mortgage loans intended for securitization, all such material licenses, permits and applicable governmental authorizations
are in effect. The Mortgage Loan requires the related Borrower to be qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the
related Mortgaged Property is located.
 
(26)          Recourse Obligations. The Loan Documents for each Mortgage Loan provide that (a) the related Borrower and at least
one individual or entity shall be fully liable for actual losses, liabilities, costs and damages arising from certain acts of the
related Borrower and/or its principals specified in the related Loan Documents, which acts generally include the following: (i)
acts of fraud or intentional material misrepresentation, (ii) misapplication or misappropriation of rents, insurance proceeds or
condemnation awards, (iii) intentional material physical waste of the Mortgaged Property, and (iv) any breach of the environmental
covenants contained in the related Loan Documents, and (b) the Mortgage Loan shall become full recourse to the related Borrower
and at least one individual or entity, if the related Borrower files a voluntary petition under federal or state bankruptcy or
insolvency law.
 
(27)          Mortgage Releases. The terms of the related Mortgage or related Loan Documents do not provide for release of any
material portion of the Mortgaged Property from the lien of the Mortgage except (a) a partial release, accompanied by principal
repayment, or partial Defeasance (as defined in paragraph (32)), of not less than a specified percentage at least equal to the
lesser of (i) 110% of the related allocated loan amount of such portion of the Mortgaged Property and (ii) the outstanding
principal balance of the Mortgage Loan, (b) upon payment in full of such Mortgage Loan, (c) upon a Defeasance (as defined
in paragraph (32)), (d) releases of out-parcels that are unimproved or other portions of the Mortgaged Property which will not
have a material adverse effect on the underwritten value of the Mortgaged Property and which were not afforded any value in the
appraisal obtained at the origination of the Mortgage Loan and are not necessary for physical access to the Mortgaged Property
or compliance with zoning requirements, or (e) as required pursuant to an order of condemnation. With respect to any partial release
under the preceding clauses (a) or (d), either: (x) such release of collateral (i) would not constitute a “significant
modification” of the subject Mortgage Loan within the meaning of Section 1.860G-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations and (ii)
would not cause the subject Mortgage Loan to fail to be a “qualified mortgage” within the meaning of Code Section 860G(a)(3)(A);
or (y) the mortgagee or servicer can, in accordance with the related Loan Documents, condition such release of collateral on the
related Borrower’s delivery of an opinion of tax counsel to the effect specified in the immediately preceding clause (x).
For purposes of the preceding clause (x), if the fair market value of the real property constituting such Mortgaged Property after
the release is not equal to at least 80% of the principal balance of the Mortgage Loan (or Whole Loan, as applicable) outstanding
after the release, the Borrower is required to make a payment of principal in an amount not less than the amount required by the
REMIC Provisions.
 
In the case of any
Mortgage Loan, in the event of a taking of any portion of a Mortgaged Property by a State or any political subdivision or authority
thereof, whether by legal proceeding or by agreement, the Borrower can be required to pay down the principal balance of the Mortgage
Loan in an amount not less than the amount required by the REMIC Provisions and, to
 

D-10
 
 
such
extent, condemnation proceeds may not be required to be applied to the restoration of the Mortgaged Property or released to the
Borrower, if, immediately after the release of such portion of the Mortgaged Property from the lien of the Mortgage (but taking
into account the planned restoration) the fair market value of the real property constituting the remaining Mortgaged Property
is not equal to at least 80% of the remaining principal balance of the Mortgage Loan (or Whole Loan, as applicable).
 
No Mortgage Loan that
is secured by more than one Mortgaged Property or that is a Crossed Mortgage Loan permits the release of cross-collateralization
of the related Mortgaged Properties, or a portion thereof, including due to a partial condemnation, other than in compliance with
the loan-to-value ratio and other requirements of the REMIC Provisions.
 
(28)          Financial Reporting and Rent Rolls. Each Mortgage requires the Borrower to provide the owner or holder of the Mortgage
with quarterly (other than for single-tenant properties) and annual operating statements, and quarterly (other than for single-tenant
properties) rent rolls for properties that have leases contributing more than 5% of the in-place base rent and annual financial
statements, which annual financial statements with respect to each Mortgage Loan with more than one Borrower are in the form of
an annual combined balance sheet of the Borrower entities (and no other entities), together with the related combined statements
of operations, members’ capital and cash flows, including a combining balance sheet and statement of income for the Mortgaged
Properties on a combined basis.
 
(29)          Acts of Terrorism Exclusion. With respect to each Mortgage Loan over $20 million, the related special-form all-risk
insurance policy and business interruption policy (issued by an insurer meeting the Insurance Rating Requirements) do not specifically
exclude Acts of Terrorism, as defined in the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, as amended by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act of 2007 and the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 (collectively referred to as “TRIA”),
from coverage, or if such coverage is excluded, it is covered by a separate terrorism insurance policy. With respect to each other
Mortgage Loan, the related special-form all-risk insurance policy and business interruption policy (issued by an insurer meeting
the Insurance Rating Requirements) did not, as of the date of origination of the Mortgage Loan, and, to Mortgage Loan Seller’s
knowledge, do not, as of the Cut-off Date, specifically exclude Acts of Terrorism, as defined in TRIA, from coverage, or if such
coverage is excluded, it is covered by a separate terrorism insurance policy. With respect to each Mortgage Loan, the related Loan
Documents do not expressly waive or prohibit the mortgagee from requiring coverage for Acts of Terrorism, as defined in TRIA, or
damages related thereto except to the extent that any right to require such coverage may be limited by commercial availability
on commercially reasonable terms, or as otherwise indicated on Schedule D-1 to this Exhibit D; provided, that if TRIA or a similar
or subsequent statute is not in effect, then, provided that terrorism insurance is commercially available, the Borrower under each
Mortgage Loan is required to carry terrorism insurance, but in such event the Borrower shall not be required to spend on terrorism
insurance coverage more than two times the amount of the insurance premium that is payable in respect of the property and business
interruption/rental loss insurance required under the related Loan Documents (without giving effect to the cost of terrorism and
earthquake components of such casualty and
 

D-11
 
 
business
interruption/rental loss insurance) at such time, and if the cost of terrorism insurance exceeds such amount, the Borrower is
required to purchase the maximum amount of terrorism insurance available with funds equal to such amount.
 
(30)          Due on Sale or Encumbrance. Subject to specific exceptions set forth below, each Mortgage Loan contains a “due
on sale” or other such provision for the acceleration of the payment of the unpaid principal balance of such Mortgage Loan
if, without the consent of the holder of the Mortgage (which consent, in some cases, may not be unreasonably withheld) and/or complying
with the requirements of the related Loan Documents (which provide for transfers without the consent of the lender which are customarily
acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller lending on the security of property comparable to the related Mortgaged Property, including,
without limitation, transfers of worn-out or obsolete furnishings, fixtures, or equipment promptly replaced with property of equivalent
value and functionality and transfers by leases entered into in accordance with the Loan Documents), (a) the related Mortgaged
Property, or any equity interest of greater than 50% in the related Borrower, is directly or indirectly pledged, transferred or
sold, other than as related to (i) family and estate planning transfers or transfers upon death or legal incapacity, (ii) transfers
to certain affiliates as defined in the related Loan Documents, (iii) transfers of less than, or other than, a controlling interest
in the related Borrower, (iv) transfers to another holder of direct or indirect equity in the Borrower, a specific Person designated
in the related Loan Documents or a Person satisfying specific criteria identified in the related Loan Documents, such as a qualified
equityholder, (v) transfers of stock or similar equity units in publicly traded companies, (vi) a substitution or release
of collateral within the parameters of paragraphs (27) and (32) herein or the exceptions thereto set forth in Schedule D-1 to this
Exhibit D, or (vii) by reason of any mezzanine debt that existed at the origination of the related Mortgage Loan as set forth on
Schedule D-2 to this Exhibit D, or future permitted mezzanine debt in each case as set forth on Schedule D-3 to this Exhibit D
or (b) the related Mortgaged Property is encumbered with a subordinate lien or security interest against the related Mortgaged
Property, other than (i) any Companion Loan or any subordinate debt that existed at origination and is permitted under the
related Loan Documents, (ii) purchase money security interests, (iii) any Crossed Mortgage Loan as set forth on Schedule D-4
to this Exhibit D or (iv) Permitted Encumbrances. The Mortgage or other Loan Documents provide that to the extent any Rating Agency
fees are incurred in connection with the review of and consent to any transfer or encumbrance, the Borrower is responsible for
such payment along with all other reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Mortgagee relative to such transfer or encumbrance.
 
(31)          Single-Purpose Entity. Each Mortgage Loan requires the Borrower to be a Single-Purpose Entity for at least as long
as the Mortgage Loan is outstanding. Both the Loan Documents and the organizational documents of the Borrower with respect to each
Mortgage Loan with a Cut-off Date Stated Principal Balance in excess of $5 million provide that the Borrower is a Single-Purpose
Entity, and each Mortgage Loan with a Cut-off Date Stated Principal Balance of $20 million or more has a counsel’s opinion
regarding non-consolidation of the Borrower. For this purpose, a “Single-Purpose Entity” shall mean an entity, other
than an individual, whose organizational documents (or if the Mortgage Loan has a Cut-off Date Stated Principal Balance equal to
$5 million or less, its organizational documents or the related Loan Documents) provide substantially to the effect that it was
formed or organized solely for the
 

D-12
 
 
purpose
of owning and operating one or more of the Mortgaged Properties securing the Mortgage Loans and prohibit it from engaging in any
business unrelated to such Mortgaged Property or Properties, and whose organizational documents further provide, or which entity
represented in the related Loan Documents, substantially to the effect that it does not have any assets other than those related
to its interest in and operation of such Mortgaged Property or Properties, or any indebtedness other than as permitted by the
related Mortgage(s) or the other related Loan Documents, that it has its own books and records and accounts separate and apart
from those of any other person (other than a Borrower for a Crossed Mortgage Loan), and that it holds itself out as a legal entity,
separate and apart from any other person or entity.
 
(32)          Defeasance. With respect to any Mortgage Loan that, pursuant to the Loan Documents, can be defeased (a “Defeasance”),
(i) the Loan Documents provide for Defeasance as a unilateral right of the Borrower, subject to satisfaction of conditions specified
in the Loan Documents; (ii) the Mortgage Loan cannot be defeased within two years after the Closing Date; (iii) the Borrower is
permitted to pledge only United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 1.860G-2(a)(8)(ii) of
the Treasury Regulations, the revenues from which will, in the case of a full Defeasance, be sufficient to make all scheduled payments
under the Mortgage Loan when due, including the entire remaining principal balance on the maturity date (or on or after the first
date on which payment may be made without payment of a yield maintenance charge or prepayment penalty) or, if the Mortgage Loan
is an ARD Loan, the entire principal balance outstanding on the Anticipated Repayment Date (or on or after the first date on which
payment may be made without payment of a yield maintenance charge or prepayment penalty), and if the Mortgage Loan permits partial
releases of real property in connection with partial Defeasance, the revenues from the collateral will be sufficient to pay all
such scheduled payments calculated on a principal amount equal to a specified percentage at least equal to the lesser of (a) 110%
of the allocated loan amount for the real property to be released and (b) the outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage
Loan; (iv) the Borrower is required to provide a certification from an independent certified public accountant that the collateral
is sufficient to make all scheduled payments under the Mortgage Note as set forth in clause (iii) above; (v) if the Borrower would
continue to own assets in addition to the Defeasance collateral, the portion of the Mortgage Loan secured by defeasance collateral
is required to be assumed (or the mortgagee may require such assumption) by a Single-Purpose Entity; (vi) the Borrower is required
to provide an opinion of counsel that the mortgagee has a perfected security interest in such collateral prior to any other claim
or interest; and (vii) the Borrower is required to pay all rating agency fees associated with Defeasance (if rating confirmation
is a specific condition precedent thereto) and all other reasonable expenses associated with Defeasance, including, but not limited
to, accountant’s fees and opinions of counsel.
 
(33)          Fixed Interest Rates. Each Mortgage Loan bears interest at a rate that remains fixed throughout the remaining term
of such Mortgage Loan, except in the case of ARD Loans and situations where default interest is imposed.
 
(34)          Ground Leases. For purposes of this Agreement, a “Ground Lease” shall mean a lease creating a leasehold
estate in real property where the fee owner as the ground lessor conveys for a term or terms of years its entire interest in the
land, or with respect to air rights
 

D-13
 
 
leases,
the air, and buildings and other improvements, if any, comprising the premises demised under such lease to the ground lessee (who
may, in certain circumstances, own the building and improvements on the land), subject to the reversionary interest of the ground
lessor as fee owner and does not include industrial development agency (IDA) or similar leases for purposes of conferring a tax
abatement or other benefit.
 
With respect to any
Mortgage Loan where the Mortgage Loan is secured by a leasehold estate under a Ground Lease in whole or in part, and the related
Mortgage does not also encumber the related lessor’s fee interest in such Mortgaged Property, based upon the terms of the
Ground Lease and any estoppel or other agreement received from the ground lessor in favor of Mortgage Loan Seller, its successors
and assigns, Mortgage Loan Seller represents and warrants that:
 

(a)The Ground Lease or a memorandum regarding such Ground Lease has been duly recorded or submitted
for recordation in a form that is acceptable for recording in the applicable jurisdiction. The Ground Lease or an estoppel or other
agreement received from the ground lessor permits the interest of the lessee to be encumbered by the related Mortgage and does
not restrict the use of the related Mortgaged Property by such lessee, its successors or assigns in a manner that would materially
adversely affect the security provided by the related Mortgage;
 

(b)The lessor under such Ground Lease has agreed in a writing included in the related Mortgage File
(or in such Ground Lease) that the Ground Lease may not be amended or modified, or canceled or terminated by agreement of lessor
and lessee, without the prior written consent of the lender, and no such consent has been granted by the Mortgage Loan Seller since
the origination of the Mortgage Loan except as reflected in any written instruments which are included in the related Mortgage
File;
 

(c)The Ground Lease has an original term (or an original term plus one or more optional renewal terms,
which, under all circumstances, may be exercised, and will be enforceable, by either Borrower or the mortgagee) that extends not
less than 20 years beyond the stated maturity of the related Mortgage Loan, or 10 years past the stated maturity if such Mortgage
Loan fully amortizes by the stated maturity (or with respect to a Mortgage Loan that accrues on an actual 360 basis, substantially
amortizes);
 

(d)The Ground Lease either (i) is not subject to any liens or encumbrances superior to, or of equal
priority with, the Mortgage, except for the related fee interest of the ground lessor and the Permitted Encumbrances, or (ii)  is
subject to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement to which the mortgagee on the lessor’s fee interest
in the Mortgaged Property is subject;
 

(e)The Ground Lease does not place commercially unreasonable restrictions on the identity of the Mortgagee
and the Ground Lease is assignable to the holder of the 
 

D-14
 
 


 Mortgage Loan and its successors and assigns without the consent of the
lessor thereunder, and in the event it is so assigned, it is further assignable by the holder of the Mortgage Loan and its successors
and assigns without the consent of the lessor;
 

(f)The Mortgage Loan Seller has not received any written notice of material default under or notice
of termination of such Ground Lease. To the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, there is no material default under such Ground
Lease and no condition that, but for the passage of time or giving of notice, would result in a material default under the terms
of such Ground Lease and to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, such Ground Lease is in full force and effect as of the
Closing Date;
 

(g)The Ground Lease or ancillary agreement between the lessor and the lessee requires the lessor to
give to the lender written notice of any default, and provides that no notice of default or termination is effective against the
lender unless such notice is given to the lender;
 

(h)A lender is permitted a reasonable opportunity (including, where necessary, sufficient time to
gain possession of the interest of the lessee under the Ground Lease through legal proceedings) to cure any default under the Ground
Lease which is curable after the lender’s receipt of notice of any default before the lessor may terminate the Ground Lease;
 

(i)The Ground Lease does not impose any restrictions on subletting that would be viewed as commercially
unreasonable by the Mortgage Loan Seller in connection with loans originated for securitization;
 

(j)Under the terms of the Ground Lease, an estoppel or other agreement received from the ground lessor
and the related Mortgage (taken together), any related insurance proceeds or the portion of the condemnation award allocable to
the ground lessee’s interest (other than (i) de minimis amounts for minor casualties or (ii) in respect of a total or substantially
total loss or taking as addressed in clause (k) below) will be applied either to the repair or to restoration of all or part of
the related Mortgaged Property with (so long as such proceeds are in excess of the threshold amount specified in the related Loan
Documents) the lender or a trustee appointed by it having the right to hold and disburse such proceeds as repair or restoration
progresses, or to the payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage Loan, together with any accrued interest;
 

(k)In the case of a total or substantially total taking or loss, under the terms of the Ground Lease,
an estoppel or other agreement and the related Mortgage (taken together), any related insurance proceeds, or portion of the condemnation
award allocable to ground lessee’s interest in respect of a total or substantially total loss or taking of the related Mortgaged
Property to the extent not applied to 
 

D-15
 
 


 restoration, will be applied first to the payment of the outstanding principal balance of
the Mortgage Loan, together with any accrued interest; and
 

(l)Provided that the lender cures any defaults which are susceptible to being cured, the ground lessor
has agreed to enter into a new lease with lender upon termination of the Ground Lease for any reason, including rejection of the
Ground Lease in a bankruptcy proceeding.
 
(35)        Servicing. The servicing and collection practices used by the Mortgage Loan Seller with respect to the Mortgage Loan
have been, in all respects, legal and have met customary industry standards for servicing of commercial loans for conduit loan
programs.
 
(36)        Origination and Underwriting. The origination practices of the Mortgage Loan Seller (or the related originator if
the Mortgage Loan Seller was not the originator) with respect to each Mortgage Loan have been, in all material respects, legal
and as of the date of its origination, such Mortgage Loan and the origination thereof complied in all material respects with, or
was exempt from, all requirements of federal, state or local law relating to the origination of such Mortgage Loan; provided that
such representation and warranty does not address or otherwise cover any matters with respect to federal, state or local law otherwise
covered in this Exhibit D.
 
(37)        No Material Default; Payment Record. No Mortgage Loan has been more than 30 days delinquent, without giving effect
to any grace or cure period, in making required payments since origination, and as of the date hereof, no Mortgage Loan is more
than 30 days delinquent (beyond any applicable grace or cure period) in making required payments as of the Closing Date. To the
Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, there is (a) no material default, breach, violation or event of acceleration existing under
the related Mortgage Loan, or (b) no event (other than payments due but not yet delinquent) which, with the passage of time or
with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a material default, breach, violation or event of
acceleration, which default, breach, violation or event of acceleration, in the case of either clause (a) or clause (b), materially
and adversely affects the value of the Mortgage Loan or the value, use or operation of the related Mortgaged Property, provided,
however, that this representation and warranty does not cover any default, breach, violation or event of acceleration that specifically
pertains to or arises out of an exception scheduled to any other representation and warranty made by the Mortgage Loan Seller in
this Exhibit D. No person other than the holder of such Mortgage Loan may declare any event of default under the Mortgage
Loan or accelerate any indebtedness under the Loan Documents.
 
(38)        Bankruptcy. As of the date of origination of the related Mortgage Loan and to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge
as of the Cut-off Date, no Borrower, guarantor or tenant occupying a single-tenant property is a debtor in state or federal bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar proceeding.
 
(39)        Organization of Borrower. With respect to each Mortgage Loan, in reliance on certified copies of the organizational
documents of the Borrower delivered by the Borrower in
 

D-16
 
 
connection
with the origination of such Mortgage Loan, the Borrower is an entity organized under the laws of a state of the United States
of America, the District of Columbia or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Except with respect to any Crossed Mortgage Loan, no
Mortgage Loan has a Borrower that is an Affiliate of another Borrower under another Mortgage Loan. (An “Affiliate”
for purposes of this paragraph (39) means, a Borrower that is under direct or indirect common ownership and control with another
Borrower.)
 
(40)          Environmental Conditions. A Phase I environmental site assessment (or update of a previous Phase I and or Phase II
site assessment) and, with respect to certain Mortgage Loans, a Phase II environmental site assessment (collectively, an “ESA”)
meeting ASTM requirements conducted by a reputable environmental consultant in connection with such Mortgage Loan within 12 months
prior to its origination date (or an update of a previous ESA was prepared), and such ESA either (i) did not identify the existence
of recognized environmental conditions (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor, hereinafter “Environmental
Condition”) at the related Mortgaged Property or the need for further investigation with respect to any Environmental
Condition that was identified, or (ii) if the existence of an Environmental Condition or need for further investigation was
indicated in any such ESA, then at least one of the following statements is true: (A) an amount reasonably estimated by a
reputable environmental consultant to be sufficient to cover the estimated cost to cure any material noncompliance with applicable
environmental laws or the Environmental Condition has been escrowed by the related Borrower and is held or controlled by the related
lender; (B) if the only Environmental Condition relates to the presence of asbestos-containing materials, radon in indoor air,
lead based paint or lead in drinking water, and the only recommended action in the ESA is the institution of such a plan, an operations
or maintenance plan has been required to be instituted by the related Borrower that can reasonably be expected to mitigate the
identified risk; (C) the Environmental Condition identified in the related environmental report was remediated or abated in
all material respects prior to the date hereof, and, if and as appropriate, a no further action or closure letter was obtained
from the applicable governmental regulatory authority (or the Environmental Condition affecting the related Mortgaged Property
was otherwise listed by such governmental authority as “closed” or a reputable environmental consultant has concluded
that no further action is required); (D) a secured creditor environmental policy or a pollution legal liability insurance
policy that covers liability for the Environmental Condition was obtained from an insurer rated no less than A- (or the equivalent)
by Moody’s, S&P and/or Fitch; (E) a party not related to the Borrower was identified as the responsible party for
such Environmental Condition and such responsible party has financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address
the situation; or (F) a party related to the Borrower having financial resources reasonably estimated to be adequate to address
the situation is required to take action. To Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, except as set forth in the ESA, there is no
Environmental Condition (as such term is defined in ASTM E1527-05 or its successor) at the related Mortgaged Property.
 
(41)          Appraisal. The Servicing File contains an appraisal of the related Mortgaged Property with an appraisal date within
6 months of the Mortgage Loan origination date, and within 12 months of the Closing Date. The appraisal is signed by an appraiser
who is either a Member of the Appraisal Institute (“MAI”) and/or has been licensed and certified to prepare
 

D-17
 
 
appraisals
in the state where the Mortgaged Property is located. Each appraiser has represented in such appraisal or in a supplemental letter
that the appraisal satisfies the requirements of the “Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice” as adopted
by the Appraisal Standards Board of the Appraisal Foundation and has certified that such appraiser had no interest, direct or
indirect, in the Mortgaged Property or the Borrower or in any loan made on the security thereof, and its compensation is not affected
by the approval or disapproval of the Mortgage Loan.
 
(42)          Mortgage Loan Schedule. The information pertaining to each Mortgage Loan which is set forth in the mortgage loan
schedule attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects as of the Cut-off Date and contains
all information required by this Agreement to be contained therein.
 
(43)          Cross-Collateralization. No Mortgage Loan is cross-collateralized or cross-defaulted with any mortgage loan that
is outside the Trust, except as set forth on Schedule D-4 to this Exhibit D.
 
(44)          Advance of Funds by the Mortgage Loan Seller. After origination, no advance of funds has been made by Mortgage Loan
Seller to the related Borrower other than in accordance with the Loan Documents, and, to Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge,
no funds have been received from any person other than the related Borrower or an affiliate for, or on account of, payments due
on the Mortgage Loan (other than as contemplated by the Loan Documents, such as, by way of example and not in limitation of the
foregoing, amounts paid by the tenant(s) into a lender-controlled lockbox if required or contemplated under the related lease or
Loan Documents). Neither Mortgage Loan Seller nor any affiliate thereof has any obligation to make any capital contribution to
any Borrower under a Mortgage Loan, other than contributions made on or prior to the date hereof.
 
(45)          Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Mortgage Loan Seller has complied in all material respects with all applicable
anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act of 2001 with respect to the origination
of the Mortgage Loan, the failure to comply with which would have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loan.
 
For purposes of these representations and
warranties, the phrases “the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge” or “the Mortgage Loan Seller’s
belief” and other words and phrases of like import shall mean, except where otherwise expressly set forth herein, the
actual state of knowledge or belief of the Mortgage Loan Seller, its officers and employees directly responsible for the underwriting,
origination, servicing or sale of the Mortgage Loans regarding the matters expressly set forth herein.
 

D-18
 
 
SCHEDULE D-1 TO EXHIBIT D

EXCEPTIONS TO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
Representation numbers
referred to below relate to the corresponding Mortgage Loan representations and warranties set forth in Exhibit D to the
Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement.
 


Annex A-1 ID#
Mortgage Loan
Representation
Exception


47
Radisson Cincinnati Riverfront
(24) Local Law Compliance
The use of the Mortgaged Property as a hotel constitutes a legal non-conforming use.  In the event of a casualty that is more than 50% of the fair market value of the Mortgaged Property, the Mortgaged Property must be rebuilt in compliance with the current zoning laws. 


24
8911 Aviation Boulevard
(26) Recourse Obligations
The Mortgage Loan documents provide that any payment obligation of the Mortgage Loan guarantor pursuant to the environmental indemnity will not be required to be paid until 90 days following the filing of an environmental insurance claim that, if paid, would satisfy all of the guarantors’ liability. The borrower obtained environmental insurance that covers the Mortgaged Property through September 8, 2025, for which the premiums have been paid in full.


7
Promenade Gateway
(43) Cross-Collateralization
The Mortgage Loan is evidenced by a pari passu A-2 note, which has an original principal balance of $30,000,000.  The Mortgaged Property is also security for the pari passu A-1 note, which has an original principal balance of $60,000,000.  The notes are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted with each other.

 

Schedule D-1 to Exhibit D
 
 
SCHEDULE D-2 TO EXHIBIT D

MORTGAGE LOANS WITH EXISTING MEZZANINE DEBT
 
None.
 

Schedule D-2 to Exhibit D
 
 
SCHEDULE D-3 TO EXHIBIT D
 
MORTGAGE LOANS WITH RESPECT TO WHICH MEZZANINE DEBT IS PERMITTED IN THE FUTURE
 


Annex A-1 ID#
Mortgage Loan

24
8911 Aviation Blvd

 

Schedule D-3 to Exhibit D
 
 
SCHEDULE D-4 TO EXHIBIT D

CROSSED MORTGAGE LOANS
 
None.
 

Schedule D-4 to Exhibit D
 
 
EXHIBIT E

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF AN OFFICER OF THE MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER
 
Certificate of Officer of Jefferies
LoanCore LLC
 
I, _________________________,
a _________________________ of Jefferies LoanCore LLC (the “Mortgage Loan Seller”), hereby certify as follows:
 
1.            
The Mortgage Loan Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware.
 
2.            
Attached hereto as Exhibit A are true and correct copies of the Certificate of Formation and Limited Liability
Company Agreement of the Mortgage Loan Seller, which Certificate of Formation and Limited Liability Company Agreement are on the
date hereof in full force and effect.
 
3.            
Attached hereto as Exhibit B is a certificate of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware with respect to
the good standing of the Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
4.            
Attached hereto as Exhibit C is a true and correct copy of the resolutions that were adopted by the members of the
Mortgage Loan Seller.
 
5.            
To the best of my knowledge, no proceedings looking toward liquidation or dissolution of the Mortgage Loan Seller are pending
or contemplated.
 
6.            
Each person listed below is and has been a duly elected and qualified officer or authorized signatory of the Mortgage Loan
Seller and his or her genuine signature is set forth opposite his or her name:
 



Name
 
 

Office
 
 

Signature
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
7.            
Each person listed above who signed, either manually or by facsimile signature, the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated
and effective March 3, 2016 (the “Purchase Agreement”), between the Mortgage Loan Seller and Deutsche Mortgage
& Asset Receiving Corporation (the “Purchaser”), and providing for the purchase of the Mortgage Loans by
the Purchaser from the Mortgage Loan Seller, and/or the Indemnification Agreement, dated the same date as the Purchase Agreement,
between the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Principals, was, at the respective times of such signing and delivery,
duly authorized or appointed to execute such documents in such capacity, and the signatures of such persons or facsimiles thereof
appearing on such documents are their genuine signatures.
 
  Capitalized terms not
otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Purchase Agreement.
 

E-1
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned has executed this certificate as of March [_], 2016.
 



 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:


 
I, [name], [title], hereby
certify that ____________________________ is a duly elected or appointed, as the case may be, qualified and acting ____________________________
of the Mortgage Loan Seller and that the signature appearing above is his or her genuine signature.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned has executed this certificate as of March [_], 2016.
 



 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:


 

E-2
 
 
EXHIBIT F
 
BILL OF SALE
 
1.          Parties.
The parties to this Bill of Sale are the following:
 


 
Mortgage Loan Seller:
Jefferies LoanCore LLC

 
Purchaser:
Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation

 
2.          Sale.
For value received, Mortgage Loan Seller hereby conveys to Purchaser, and without limiting Section 4(a) of the Mortgage
Loan Purchase Agreement without recourse, all right, title and interest, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in and to the
Mortgage Loans identified on Exhibit A (the “Mortgage Loan Schedule”) to the Mortgage Loan Purchase
Agreement, dated and effective March 3, 2016 (the “Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement”), between Mortgage Loan
Seller and Purchaser and all of the following property:
 
(a)          All accounts, general intangibles,
chattel paper, instruments, documents, money, deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, goods, letters of credit, advices of credit
and investment property consisting of, arising from or relating to any of the following property: the Mortgage Loans identified
on the Mortgage Loan Schedule including the related Mortgage Notes, Mortgages, security agreements, and title, hazard and other
insurance policies, all distributions with respect thereto due and payable after the Cut-Off Date, all substitute or replacement
Mortgage Loans and all distributions with respect thereto, and the Mortgage Files;
 
(b)          All accounts, general intangibles,
chattel paper, instruments, documents, money, deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, goods, letters of credit, advices of credit,
investment property, and other rights arising from or by virtue of the disposition of, or collections with respect to, or insurance
proceeds payable with respect to, or claims against other Persons with respect to, all or any part of the collateral described
in clause (a) above (including any accrued discount realized on liquidation of any investment purchased at a discount); and
 
(c)          All cash and non-cash proceeds
of the collateral described in clauses (a) and (b) above.
 
3.          Purchase Price. The par amount equal to $149,914,748
plus accrued interest (exclusive of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s share of the costs set forth in Section 9 of the
Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and subject to certain adjustments pursuant to that certain Memorandum of Understanding dated
as of December 17, 2015 and entered into between Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., KeyBank National Association and the Mortgage Loan
Seller).
 
4.          Definitions. Terms used but not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement.
 

F-1
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties
hereto has caused this Bill of Sale to be duly executed and delivered on the Closing Date (as defined in the Mortgage Loan Purchase
Agreement).



 
 
 
 
 

MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER:
  JEFFERIES LOANCORE LLC

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:
 

 
 
Title:
 
 

 
 
 

PURCHASER:
  DEUTSCHE MORTGAGE & ASSET RECEIVING CORPORATION

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:
 

 
 
Title:
 
 

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:
 

 
 
Title:
 
 


 

F-2
 
 
EXHIBIT G
 
FORM OF
MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER OFFICER’S SUB-CERTIFICATION
 
I, [identity of certifying
individual], the [title] of Jefferies LoanCore LLC (the “Mortgage Loan Seller”), on behalf of the Mortgage Loan
Seller and as the [title] of the Mortgage Loan Seller, hereby certify as of [INSERT THE DATE OF THE PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS] [INSERT
THE DATE OF THE PROSPECTUS] to Helaine Kaplan, and with the knowledge and intent that she will rely upon this certification in
connection with the certification to be signed by her and submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation
AB, that:
 

1.I have reviewed the [preliminary] [final] prospectus (the “Prospectus”) relating
to the COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-DC2 (the “Securities”)
and am familiar with, in all material respects, (a) the characteristics of the loans underlying the offering that will be conveyed
by the Mortgage Loan Seller to Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation (the “Mortgage Loan Seller’s
Loans”), and (b) all material underlying transaction agreements to which the Mortgage Loan Seller is a party and entered
into by the Mortgage Loan Seller in connection with the securitization of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Loans;
 

2.Based on my knowledge, the Prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading, but only if and to the extent that any such untrue statement or omission relates to the Mortgage Loan
Seller or the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Loans; and
 

3.Based on my knowledge, the Prospectus and other information included in the registration statement
of which it will be a part and provided to me for review fairly present, in all material respects, the characteristics of the Mortgage
Loan Seller’s Loans, including the risks relating to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Loans that would affect the cash flows
available to service payments or distributions on the Securities in accordance with their terms.
 
This Certification
is being signed by me solely in my capacity as a duly authorized [senior officer of the Mortgage Loan Seller][representative of
the Mortgage Loan Seller] directly responsible for the underwriting, origination and/or sale of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s
Loans on behalf of the Mortgage Loan Seller and not in my individual capacity. This Certification is solely for the benefit of
Helaine Kaplan and not for the benefit of any other party or person.
 



 
By:
 
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:

 

G-1






 Share
  






















Link




Embed







 Download 

 PDF DOC Open with Google Docs











COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust
Get email updates when COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust posts a new contract

      Loading...
    


Table of Contents


              Section 1.
              
                Agreement to Purchase
              


              Section 2.
              
                Conveyance of Mortgage Loans
              


              Section 3.
              
                Examination of Mortgage Files and Due Diligence Review
              


              Section 4.
              
                Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Mortgage Loan Seller
              


              Section 5.
              
                Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Purchaser
              


              Section 6.
              
                Repurchases; Substitutions
              

              C.
              
                Section 6
              


              “.
              
                Repurchase Communication
              



              Section 7.
              
                Closing
              


              Section 8.
              
                Closing Documents
              


              Section 9.
              
                Costs
              


              Section 10.
              
                Notices
              


              Section 11.
              
                Notice of Exchange Act Reportable Events
              


              Section 12.
              
                Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery
              


              Section 13.
              
                Severability of Provisions
              


              Section 14.
              
                Counterparts
              


              Section 15.
              
                GOVERNING LAW
              


              Section 16.
              
                WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION
              


              Section 17.
              
                Further Assurances
              


              Section 18.
              
                Successors and Assigns
              


              Section 19.
              
                Amendments
              


              Section 20.
              
                Entire Agreement
              



Items found in this contractDate


1119


December 17, 2015
Location


New York


Esq.


NEW YORK
Money


$149,914,748
Organization


Mortgage Loan Seller


Mortgage Loan Purchase Price


Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP


Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation


Sidley Austin LLP
Percent


5.0%
Person


Lisa Post


Lainie Kaye


Kevin Blauch

Similar Contracts:



    view all contract types
  

Most Common Clauses in Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement:












×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











 SECGems:

Form 10-D 
	
		
		COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust
		
	

	

   


	0001020242-17-000162 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust 

					10-D
				

					  0001020242-17-000162 
				


				Asset-backed issuer periodic distribution report (Section 13 or 15(d) ) 










 
							filing date 
						


June 23, 2017

 
							period ending 
						


June 12, 2017

 
							date of filing date change 
						


June 23, 2017




						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001020242-17-000162
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  10-D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  2
						
					

						depositor cik
					


 
								0001013454 
							


						sponsor cik
					


 
								0001541294 
							


						abs asset class
					
 
						
						  Commercial mortgages
						
					







Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					FORM 10-D
 	  				
				


10-D


1


 comm16dc2_10d_15.txt





 
					
 	  					EXHIBIT 99.1
 	  				
				


EX-99.1


2


 ex991.htm







 









Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust
 Cik: 0001663244
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 60 WALL STREET
	 
	
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	   10005
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

6189 -Asset-Backed Securities




1231



	 
	
	 60 WALL STREET
	 
	
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	   10005
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	


Jan. 8, 2016COMM 2016-D2 Mortgage Trust




form type10-D
act34
file number333-206705-02
film number17927017

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















NewDay USA | Home



















855-723-7570Get Started



As a veteran, you've earned the right to apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan.
Borrow up to 100% of your home’s value, including the mortgage balance. With today’s home values, you could have a lot more money available than you realize.
Get Started


Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch, USN (Ret.)
Executive Chairman, NewDay USA



As a veteran, you've earned the right to apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan.
Get Started


America's Mortgage Company for Veterans












Refinance and Get Cash
Refinance up to 100% of your home’s value including the mortgage balance, and get the money you need for your family and home.
NEWDAY 100 VA LOAN

 










Lower Your Rate
Take advantage of today’slow rates before they go up further.
LOW RATE REFI VA LOAN

 










Buy a Home
Zero down payment—your service is your down payment. Plus, Zero points options available and Zero PMI.[1]
ZERO DOWN VA HOME LOAN

 












Free VA Home Appraisal that saves you up to $500 or more.2


And your loan could close in as little as 30 days after we receive your home’s appraisal.3












Our Mission
NewDay USA is building our nation's leading VA mortgage company serving America's Veterans and their families.
We’re on a mission to help Veteran homeowners take advantage of one of their most valuable VA benefits they have earned: the rightto apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan for up to 100% of the home’s value, including mortgage balance.
Get Started










About Us
We understand what it means to be a Veteran.
Strength. Character. Commitment. NewDay USA is 100% focused on the needs of Veterans. Led by former military leaders, NewDay has helped thousands of Veterans get the money they need for their family and home. And we are ready to help you now.
Learn more about what we stand for





HAVE QUESTIONS?Call Today:855-723-7570


HAVE A RESERVATION NUMBER? 















  
 






You gave 100% to our country, we're honored to offer 100% to you.
Get Started
Or call: 855-723-7570








Third party fees still apply, such as title company charges, recordation fee, insurance, VA funding fee.
NewDay will pay for your home's appraisal as part of the loan approval process. We pay VA appraisal fee when you submit fully documented application, sign intent to proceed, loan meets program guidelines. Valid for VA loans only. Invalid in WA.
70% of customers' loans close 30 days or less from receipt of appraisal. 


Resume Reading


























NewDay USA | About NewDay



















855-723-7570Get Started






Why NewDay USA?
Your years of military service have earned you the right to apply for a VA-guaranteed home loan. Our mission? To help Veterans like you get the financial security and peace of mind you deserve.

Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch, USN (Ret.)
Executive Chairman, NewDay USA











Veterans Serving Veterans




No one understands the needs of service members and Veterans, or the VA loan process, better than NewDay USA. Our executive team includes top retired military leaders. We’ve helped thousands of Veterans refinance to get the money they need, lower their payments, or buy a home. We stand ready to do the same for you.
Get Started


















WORLD-CLASS SERVICE
It’s more than our belief. It's what we do. You can expect the same quality of service from any team member.

 










INTEGRITY
We live the values we stand for, every single day. We’ve become a trusted industry leader by ensuring quality, compliance and accountability.

 










GIVING BACK
Our core passion and purpose is to improve the lives of service members, veterans, and our community. Serving is a defining value for us all.

 











NewDay USA Board of Advisors


NewDay USA Foundation Board of Advisors


NewDay USA Leadership Team




Our Board of Advisors and Leadership Team are made up of the best and brightest, including Rear Admiral Tom Lynch, Marine Corps Commandant General Jim Jones, and Secretary of Veterans Affairs Jim Nicholson. They bring the strength of character and commitment that sets NewDay apart.




Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch (USN, Ret.)
Executive Chairman
Bio





Hon. R. James Nicholson

Bio





General James L. Jones (USMC, Ret.)

Bio





Regina Lowrie

Bio







Hon. Joseph J. Murin
Chairman Emeritus
Bio





Walter Rolph

Bio





David Loeser

Bio





Helping America’s Veterans is at our core. Financial education. Improved housing. Scholarships. We devote thousands of hours to charities that improve the lives of past, current, and future service members: The USO, The Medal of Honor Foundation, The Education Center at the Vietnam Memorial, and The Military Bowl.




Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch (USN, Ret.)
Executive Chairman
Bio





Rob Posner
Chief Executive Officer
Bio





Lieutenant General Benjamin C. Freakly (USA, Ret.)

Bio







Jerry L. Johnson

Bio





Pete Retzlaff

Bio





Bruce Giacoma

Bio





Like generations before us, we believe it’s our obligation to create opportunities for tomorrow.




Rear Admiral Thomas C. Lynch (USN, Ret.)
Executive Chairman
Bio





Rob Posner
Chief Executive Officer
Bio





Paul Thompson III
Chief Financial Officer
Bio





Patrick Mackin
Chief Operating Officer
Bio







Maylene Tan Khieu
Chief Compliance Officer
Bio





Dr. Xing Liu
Chief Risk Officer
Bio





Michael Turner
Chief Technology Officer
Bio







Crystal Raines
VP, Compliance
Bio





Chao Deng
SVP, Accounting and Finance
Bio





12th Sergeant Major of the Army Jack Tilley
Leadership Development Coach
Bio





14th Sergeant Major of the USMC Al McMichael
Leadership Development Coach
Bio







9th Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Jim Herdt
Leadership Development Coach
Bio





13th Chief Master Sergeant of the USAF Jim Finch
Leadership Development Coach
Bio





8th Master Chief Petty Officer of the Coast Guard Vince Patton
Leadership Development Coach
Bio















What can we do for you? Call and tell us what you need.
With today’s home values, you could have a lot more money available than you realize.
Get Started








Resume Reading


























NewDay USA | Get Cash



















855-723-7570Get Started








Get the cash
you need.



Get the cash
you need.


Veteran compensated for participation. 






Refinance your mortgage for up to 100% of your home’s value, including the mortgage balance.




Why a NewDay 100 VA loan?


• Borrow up to 100% of your home’s value including the mortgage balance—not just 80% like many loans. • Get cash for your family, home, or even retirement.  • Consolidate credit card debt.1 • Lower your monthly payments by an average $640 a month, $7,680 a year.
Get started





















Refinance your mortgage
Borrow up to 100% of your home’s value including the mortgage balance. Not just 80% like many loans.

 









Consolidate credit card debt
Consolidate all your high rate credit cards into one lower monthly payment.1

 









Lower your monthly payments
Our customers lower their monthly payments by an average $640 a month, $7,680 a year.

 

















FREE VA HOME APPRAISAL2
NewDay will pay for your VA appraisal, worth up to $500 or more as part of the loan approval process

 










PERSONAL LOAN OFFICER
You’ll have one dedicated loan officer to guide you through the entire refinance process, start to finish.

 










FIVE-STAR SERVICE
Our customers give us an excellent, 5-star rating

 










VETERAN FOCUSED
We understand the sacrifices you've made and what it means to serve. Helping Veterans is what we do.

 






Get Started


Financial security and peace of mind.
Hear firsthand from our customers how NewDay USA helped them get money for the things they need most.
See Reviews



 








Apply for a NewDay 100 VA loan today.
Refinance and get cash. Call today or get started online.
Get started






Consolidating debts may increase repayment time and total finance charges may be higher over life of loan.
NewDay will pay for your home's appraisal as part of the loan approval process. We pay VA appraisal fee when you submit fully documented application, sign intent to proceed, loan meets program guidelines. Valid for VA loans only. Invalid in WA. 


Resume Reading

























NewDay USA | Reviews



















855-723-7570Get Started

This content is provided by TrustPilot, a third-party reviews site, and has not been reviewed by NewDay USA.
  
 






See More Reviews




Resume Reading






























Get Up to 5 Free Quotes

































Call us 



Compare Mortgages Online


Disclosures 














Disclosures 











 Mortgage Rates Hit 

3.12
% APR
 15 Year Fixed Rate 
 Get Up to 5 Free Quotes- Compare & Save 
 LendingTree allows you to receive  personalized rate quotes online!  See how much you can save now! 




 Refinance 






 Home Purchase 














 



Wells Fargo Business Real Estate Financing - Business – Wells Fargo












 




Skip to content














 
								 
									Print
								
						 





Commercial real estate financing



   Commercial mortgages at competitive rates  




Financing to help you fund your future — provided by Business Real Estate Financing Apply for financing of up to $750,000 to purchase, refinance, or leverage the equity in commercial property that is either owner-occupied or investment. Take advantage of our competitive rates on loans and lines of credit with low closing costs, secured by commercial property valued up to $5 million.  No application fee and no appraisal fee Low 1% origination fee, maximum $5,000 due at closing Fixed-rate and Prime-based loans with a variety of terms  Feel confident that you are getting the most competitive offer. We’ll match or beat a competing offer (rate and fee combination) when a competitor’s formal written approval is provided to us — or pay you $200.


  Questions? Ready to apply? Call 1-877-322-4648, Monday – Friday, 6:00 am – 6:00 pm, Pacific Time.   Financing from $50,000 to $750,000 for purchase and refinance loans in first lien position; $50,000 to $500,000 for lines of credit, equity loans, and refinance loans in second lien position. Maximum $500,000 for cash-out. All financing is subject to credit approval.  Low closing costs and competitive rates are based upon analysis of application, appraisal and origination fees, and interest rates, for competing U.S. lenders as compiled by an independent third-party research firm on a quarterly basis, beginning April 2016.  You will need to pay a deposit of up to $1,000 when accepting the terms of any loan or line of credit. The deposit is nonrefundable, unless the loan closes; in that case, the unused portion of the deposit (if any) will be returned or credited after closing in the same form as your original deposit. If environmental insurance is required, you will be responsible for this one-time fee of $1,866. You will also be responsible for the cost of any mortgage or deed of trust filing fee imposed by a state or other taxing authority. In states that require attorney closings, you will be responsible for title-related costs and attorney title work that exceeds $375. For purchase loans, you will be responsible for title and escrow fees. In addition, for purchase loans you will need to provide proof of funds for any required down payment. All financing is subject to credit approval.  Prepayment or early closure fees may apply. Contact your banker for details. 
Equal Housing Lender





 Get more information  Determine the best financing options, whether you're a small business owner or real estate investor. Review the checklist of documentation needed to apply for a loan.  

















