


Types of Competitive Advantage: Cost, Product, Niche & Sustainable Advantages - Video & Lesson Transcript | Study.com





































for Teachers
for Schools
for Companies



















Login

Sign Up

Menu












for Teachers
for Schools
for Companies


Plans

Courses
Courses



Find Courses by Subject

Science
Math
Business
Psychology
History
English
Social Science
Humanities
Spanish
ACT & SAT Test Prep
Teacher Certification
Professional Development





By Education Level

College
High School
Middle School






Explore over
3,700
video courses

Browse All Courses
										




Credit 
Credit


Credit Options

Online College Credit
High School & GED
Certificates of Completion
How it Works




Earn Transferable Credit & Get your Degree fast

										Learn more 





Degrees
Degrees



Find Degrees by Subject

Agriculture
Architecture
Biological and Biomedical
													Sciences
Business
Communications and Journalism
Computer Sciences
Culinary Arts and Personal
													Services
Education


Engineering
Legal
Liberal Arts and Humanities
Mechanic and Repair Technologies

Medical and Health Professions
Physical Sciences
Psychology
Transportation and Distribution

Visual and Performing Arts





By Level

High School Diploma
Associates Degrees
Bachelor Degrees
Master Degrees
Online Degrees





Find a degree that fits your goals

									Search degrees 





Schools
Schools



Browse Schools by Degree Level

Graduate Degrees
High School Diplomas
Certificate Programs
Post Degree Certificates
Undergraduate Degrees



Browse Schools

Public Schools by State

University Video Reviews





Career Counseling & Job Center

Job Interviewing Tip Videos 
Job Networking Videos
Résumé How To Videos
Job Search Tips
Career Videos



Career Research

Researching Careers Videos
Glossary of Careers
Career Info by Degree
Job Outlook by Region
Degree & Career Research Articles







							Contact Support
						



















Video: Types of Competitive Advantage: Cost, Product, Niche & Sustainable Advantages


Companies need that special something to draw in new customers and keep them coming back. Learn about competitive advantage and the different ways a company can have it.







 Business 102: Principles of Marketing
                    
                
                
            
        
            
                
                
                     / 
                    
                        Business Courses
                    




            
                Course Navigator
            
            
        



How to Identify Strategic Alternatives in MarketingNext Lesson 





Types of Competitive Advantage: Cost, Product, Niche & Sustainable Advantages




                        Chapter 2
                    
                    /

                    
                     Lesson 4
                        


                          Transcript
                        















 Video






Quiz & Worksheet - Types of Competitive Advantage
Quiz






Course










Watch short & fun videos

Start Your Free Trial Today














An error occurred trying to load this video.
Try refreshing the page, or contact customer support.





You must create an account to continue watching




Register for a free trial
Are you a student or a teacher?

I
							am a
							student
						
I am a teacher
						



What is your educational goal?







 Back
    


Start Your Free Trial To Continue Watching
As a member, you'll also get unlimited access to over 55,000
						 lessons in math, English, science, history, and more. Plus, get practice tests, quizzes, and personalized coaching to help you
						 succeed.
Free 5-day
								 trial
It only takes a few minutes to set up and you can cancel at any time.
Already registered? Login here for
						 access

 Back
					 










Coming up next:
			How to Identify Strategic Alternatives in Marketing
		

You're on a roll. Keep up the good work!


					Take Quiz
				

Watch Next Lesson



 Replay
		






Just checking in. Are you still watching?
Yes! Keep playing. 





	Your next lesson will play in
	10 seconds
	















                        0:06 Competitive Advantage


                        0:45 Cost Competitive Advantage


                        3:07 Product/Service…


                        4:15 Niche Competitive Advantage


                        5:54 Lesson Summary









 Add to
		


 Add to
	

 Add to
	



Want to watch this again later?
Log in or sign up to add this lesson to a Custom Course.
Login or Sign up










Organize and save your favorite lessons with Custom Courses



About
Create
Edit
Share






Custom Courses are courses that you create from Study.com lessons. Use them just like other courses to
							track progress, access quizzes and exams, and share content.
						



Teachers

									Organize and share selected lessons with your class. Make planning easier by creating your own custom course.
								



Students

									Add important lessons to your Custom Course, track your progress, and achieve your study goals faster.
								



Next: Creating a Custom Course




Create a new course from any lesson page or your dashboard.
						



From any lesson page:

									Click "Add to" located below the video player and follow the prompts to name your course and save your lesson.
								



From your dashboard:

									Click on the "Custom Courses" tab, then click "Create course". Next, go to any lesson page and begin
									adding lessons.
								



Next: Editing a Custom Course




Edit your Custom Course directly from your dashboard.
						



Personalize:

									Name your Custom Course and add an optional description or learning objective.
								



Organize:

									Create chapters to group lesson within your course. Remove and reorder chapters and lessons at any time.
								



Next: Sharing a Custom Course




Share your Custom Course or assign lessons and chapters.
						



Teacher Edition:

									Share or assign lessons and chapters by clicking the "Teacher" tab on the lesson or chapter page you want to
									assign.
									Students' quiz scores and video views will be trackable in your "Teacher" tab.
								



Premium Edition:

									You can share your Custom Course by copying and pasting the course URL. Only Study.com members will be able to access the
									entire course.
								



Got it!







 Timeline
		

Autoplay







Autoplay


184K views







					Create an account to start this course today
				
Try it free for 5 days!


							Create An Account





Recommended Lessons and Courses for You


Related Lessons


Related Courses


















Sustainable Competitive Advantage: Definition, Concept & Examples
                            
                        












Competitive Advantage: The Importance of Strategic Marketing
                            
                        












Porter's Generic Strategies: Low Cost, Differentiated & Focus
                            
                        












Pricing Strategy and Consumer Perception
                            
                        














Niche Strategy in Marketing: Definition & Concept
                            
                        












Resource-Based Theory: Path to Competitive Advantage
                            
                        












Focus Strategy: Definition & Examples
                            
                        












Positioning and Differentiation in Consumer Marketing
                            
                        














Broad Differentiation Strategy: Definition & Examples
                            
                        












Different Types of Business Strategies
                            
                        












Globalization's Impact on Operations & Supply Chain Management
                            
                        












What Is a Value Chain? - Definition, Analysis & Example
                            
                        














Porter's Five Forces: Definition & Examples
                            
                        












How to Identify Strategic Alternatives in Marketing
                            
                        












Cost Leadership Strategy: Definition & Examples
                            
                        












How to Segment Business Markets Step-by-Step
                            
                        














What Are Economies of Scale? - Definition & Impact on Fixed Costs
                            
                        












Pricing Structure: Examples & Overview
                            
                        












Pricing Decisions: Profit-Oriented, Sales & Status Quo
                            
                        












Global Strategy: Definition & Example
                            
                        

































Business 112: Operations Management
                            
                        












WEST Business & Marketing Education: Practice & Study Guide
                            
                        












GMAT Prep: Tutoring Solution
                            
                        












Public Speaking 101: Help and Review
                            
                        














Leadership Study Guide
                            
                        












Principles of Marketing Textbook
                            
                        












Business 320: Advanced International Business
                            
                        












Business 316: Strategic Decision Making
                            
                        














Marketing 303: Global Marketing
                            
                        












Intro to Business: Help and Review
                            
                        












Principles of Marketing: Help and Review
                            
                        












Business 103: Introductory Business Law
                            
                        














Communications 103: Workplace Communications with Computers
                            
                        












Business 106: Human Resource Management
                            
                        












Intro to PowerPoint: Essential Training & Tutorials
                            
                        












Business 111: Principles of Supervision
                            
                        














College Macroeconomics: Tutoring Solution
                            
                        












Corporate Finance: Help & Review
                            
                        












Supplemental Business: Study Aid
                            
                        












Business 110: Business Math
                            
                        























Lesson Transcript




Instructor: 
Jennifer Lombardo





Companies need that special something to draw in new customers and keep them coming back. Learn about competitive advantage and the different ways a company can have it.
 Competitive AdvantageWhy do you buy Coke over Pepsi? Why will you spend $80 on a pair of a certain brand of sneakers? The answer lies in the term competitive advantage. Competitive advantage is a set of unique features of a company and its products that are perceived by the target market as significant and superior to the competition. It is the reason behind brand loyalty, and why you prefer one product or service over another. There are three different types of competitive advantages that companies can actually use. They are cost, product/service differentiation, and niche strategies. Cost Competitive AdvantageCost competitive advantage is when a company is able to utilize its skilled workforce, inexpensive raw materials, controlled costs, and efficient operations to create maximum value to consumers. Walmart uses the cost advantage strategy by providing a very large selection and low prices via its retailer strength and size. Costs can be kept at a minimum in many different ways. Some companies, like Nissan, have years of experience producing cars in a very cost-effective manner. Other companies, use offshore manufacturing to keep the costs of their products down. The current trend is for companies to cut down on the extras they offer to customers. For example, the airline company Ryanair is removing two of its three toilets in each airplane to increase the number of seats and drive down ticket costs. This might be an extreme way of cost cutting, but companies need to survive in a recession. Companies may also receive government subsidies, which help to pass on lower costs on to their customers. One prime example is your local farm. There are a few other important ways that costs can be kept lower in order for a company to use a cost competitive advantage. Technical companies such as BMW, Lexus, and Boeing use product design and reengineering to create efficient cost-effective products. Product design is important to companies that use cutting-edge technology. Intel is able to keep microchip processor prices down by continually improving product design that utilizes advancements in the field. Reengineering is used by companies that are able to cut costs by redesigning and creating improvements to their products, such as Apple. A company that finds ways to make its technology better and more affordable will find success. Finally, some companies create a new delivery method for their product or service, resulting in large cost savings that they can share with their customers. Many airline companies have installed self-check-in kiosks and supermarkets now offer self-checkout lanes. Product/Service DifferentiationAnother way that companies can have a competitive advantage in the marketplace is through product/service differentiation. If a company's product or service has a valuable, unique offering for its consumers, then loyalty and product/service differentiation can occur. Cost competitive advantages can easily disappear with the introduction of a new competitor or new technology. If a company offers a unique product or service, it is harder to maintain an edge in the market based on price alone. The company must offer something to the consumer besides just a low price. 

  Offering kiosks and self-checkout lanes are methods companies use to keep costs down
 





Some companies offer excellent product reliability, such as Honda; an American-made image, such as Harley-Davidson; a valuable brand name, such as Rolex or even excellent service, such as Mercedes-Benz. For companies to excel in this area of competitive advantage, they must constantly look for ways to create new products and innovations that solve customer needs and wants. A customer has to want their product or service because it offers something that they cannot get by going elsewhere - something very different. 




×

Unlock Content
Over 55,000 lessons in all major subjects
Get FREE access for 5 days, just create an account.
Start a FREE trial
No obligation, cancel anytime.


Want to learn more?
Select a subject to preview related courses:

Math
History
English
ACT/SAT
Science
Business
Psychology
AP






Niche Competitive AdvantageThe third way a company can create a competitive advantage is through creating a niche. A niche competitive advantage seeks to target and reach a single segment of the market. This type of strategy works very effectively for smaller and new companies that do not have the resources to go after larger sections of the marketplace. A single segment of the market can be based on sex, income, lifestyle characteristics, and even geography. For example, a bakery that only targets one zip code would be using a niche strategy. Also, a bakery that only bakes treats for cats and dogs would also be using a niche advantage. Sometimes companies start out small with a niche strategy, like when Facebook was only available to college students, but then they grow very successful and increase their market. An example of geographic niche marketing is Big Red soda. This product was originally only offered in Texas. It is still very difficult to locate nationwide with a market distribution only in and around Texas. The main challenge facing companies is the ability to keep their competitive advantage. The most successful companies create an advantage that is unique just to the company and not easily copied. Rolex is known for superior products, and Ritz-Carlton hotels are known for their unsurpassed customer service. Companies must constantly be aware of external threats from their competition that will try to copy their advantage or improve on it and take their customers. Lesson SummaryCompetitive advantage is a set of unique features of a company and its products that are perceived by the target market as significant and superior to the competition. They are cost, product/service differentiation, and niche strategies. Cost competitive advantage is when a company is able to utilize its skilled workforce, inexpensive raw materials, controlled costs, and efficient operations to create maximum value to consumers. If a company's product or service has a valuable, unique offering for its consumers, then loyalty and product/service differentiation can occur. The third way a company can create a competitive advantage is through creating a niche. A niche competitive advantage seeks to target and reach a single segment of the market. Lesson ObjectivesAfter watching this lesson, you should be able to: 
Define competitive advantage 
Explain the three types of competitive advantage available to companies 
Investigate the challenges associated with companies keeping their competitive advantage

 




			To unlock this lesson you must be a Study.com Member.
			
Create
						your account







Register for a free trial
Are you a student or a teacher?

I
							am a
							student
						
I am a teacher
						



What is your educational goal?







 Back
    


Unlock Your Education
See for yourself why 10 million people use Study.com
Become a Study.com member and start learning now.
Become a Member
Already a member? Log
						 In

 Back
					 










Description





Summary:




                        Visit the Business 102: Principles of Marketing page to learn more.
                    




Earning Credit



Earning College Credit
Did you know… We have over 95 college
                    courses that prepare you to earn
                    credit by exam that is accepted by over 2,000 colleges and universities. You can test out of the
                    first two years of college and save thousands off your degree. Anyone can earn
                    credit-by-exam regardless of age or education level.
To learn more, visit our Earning Credit Page

Transferring credit to the school of your choice
Not sure what college you want to attend yet? Study.com has thousands of articles about every
                        imaginable degree, area of
                        study
                        and career path that can help you find the school that's right for you.

Research Schools, Degrees & Careers
Get the unbiased info you need to find the right school.


Browse Articles By Category
Browse an area of study or degree level.

Area of Study

Agriculture
Architecture
Biological and Biomedical Sciences
Business
Communications and Journalism
Computer Sciences
Culinary Arts and Personal Services
Education
Engineering
Legal
Liberal Arts and Humanities
Mechanic and Repair Technologies
Medical and Health Professions
Physical Sciences
Psychology
Transportation and Distribution
Visual and Performing Arts



Degree Level

High School Diploma
Associates Degrees
Bachelor Degrees
Master Degrees
Online Degrees




Recommended Articles

Related
Recently Updated
Popular







List of Free Online Cartooning Lessons and Learning Materials




Will Your Online Presence Cost You a Job?




21 Schools That Cost Over $50,000 a Year




Climbing Tuition Discount Rates Come at High Cost for Colleges




Not Declaring a Major Could Cost Florida Students Money




Online Diploma & Certificate Program Cost: Tuition & Fees Overview




How Much Does a Doctorate Degree Cost?




How Much Do Online Classes for LPNs Cost Typically?




How to Become a Cost Analyst: Education and Career Roadmap






High Paying Careers Working with Children
Difference Between an Associate Degree and Bachelors Degree
Graphic Designer Vs Stage Designer





						Security Guard Training
					

						Neuropharmacology Degree and Training Program Summaries
					

						Floral Design Online and At-Home Training Options
					

						Salary and Career Info for an Activity Coordinator
					

						Become a Tile Setter
					















You are viewing lesson
Lesson
	4 in chapter 2 of the course:



×


 Back To Course

                Business 102: Principles of Marketing
            

12 chapters |
                94 lessons
                
                    | 11
                        flashcard sets








										  
											  Ch 1. Marketing Philosophies and...
									  




Go to 

													Marketing Philosophies and Ethics
												







				
					Ch 2. Competitive Advantage
				
			





Competitive Advantage: The Importance of Strategic Marketing


                                










9:27
                            



Business Plans: How to Develop a Business Mission Statement


                                










4:14
                            



What is SWOT: Situation Analysis in Marketing


                                










5:35
                            



                            Types of Competitive Advantage: Cost, Product, Niche & Sustainable Advantages
                        

                                










6:41
                            





                                    










5:17
                                
Next Lesson






How to Identify Strategic Alternatives in Marketing




Target Market Strategies for Successful Business


                                










7:13
                            



The Marketing Mix: Product, Place, Price & Promotion


                                










4:25
                            


Go to 

						 Competitive Advantage
					 







										  
											  Ch 3. The Marketing Environment
										  
									  




Go to 

													The Marketing Environment
												







										  
											  Ch 4. International Marketplace
										  
									  




Go to 

													International Marketplace
												







										  
											  Ch 5. Consumer Decision Making
										  
									  




Go to 

													Consumer Decision Making
												







										  
											  Ch 6. Business Marketing and Marketing...
									  




Go to 

													Business Marketing and Marketing Research
												







										  
											  Ch 7. Segmentation and Product...
									  




Go to 

													Segmentation and Product Marketing
												







										  
											  Ch 8. Managing a Product and...
									  




Go to 

													Managing a Product and Retailing
												







										  
											  Ch 9. Services Marketing, Marketing...
									  




Go to 

													Services Marketing, Marketing Channels & Supply Chain Management
												







										  
											  Ch 10. Promotion, Advertising and Public...
									  




Go to 

													Promotion, Advertising and Public Relations
												







										  
											  Ch 11. Selling and Pricing...
									  




Go to 

													Selling and Pricing Strategy
												







										  
											  Ch 12. Studying for Business 102
										  
									  




Go to 

													Studying for Business 102
												









Types of Competitive Advantage: Cost, Product, Niche & Sustainable Advantages Related Study Materials

Related
Recently Updated

Popular






Browse by Courses
Business Courses
Marketing Courses
Customer Service Courses
Negotiation Courses
Sales Courses
Principles of Marketing: Certificate Program
Principles of Management: Certificate Program
CLEP Principles of Marketing: Study Guide & Test Prep
CLEP Principles of Management: Study Guide & Test Prep
Business 116: Quantitative Analysis
ILTS Social Science - Economics: Test Practice and Study Guide
Praxis Family and Consumer Sciences: Practice and Study Guide
TExES Marketing Education 8-12: Practice and Study Guide
AP Macroeconomics: Exam Prep
Business 107: Organizational Behavior
Communications 103: Workplace Communications with Computers
Business 101: Principles of Management
ILTS Business, Marketing, and Computer Education: Test Practice and Study Guide






Browse by Lessons
Business Case Analysis (BCA): Example & Format
Long-Term Business Goals: Definition & Examples
Setting Business Development Goals
Short-Term Business Goals: Definition & Examples
Peter Senge on Leadership: Overview
Quiz & Worksheet - Postconventional Morality
Quiz & Worksheet - Preconventional Morality
Quiz & Worksheet - Theory of Natural Rights
Quiz & Worksheet - Conventional Morality
Quiz & Worksheet - Code of Business Conduct
Product Development and Retailing: Help and Review
Product Distribution & Supply Chain Management: Help and Review
Pricing Strategy in Marketing: Help and Review
Product Promotion in Business: Help and Review
MIS Basics in Business: Help and Review









Latest Courses
Pharmacology & Pain Treatment
Pharmacology & Mental Health
Pharmacology & Cardiovascular Health
PLACE Special Education Generalist: Practice & Study Guide
MTTC Physical & Other Health Impairments: Practice & Study Guide
Effects of Impairments on Development & Learning
IEP Teams & Meetings
Basics of the Individualized Instruction Plan (IEP)
Medications for Colds & Coughs
Alternative Medicine for Pain Treatment
Teacher Retirement System of Texas Withdrawal
New York State Science Standards
Third Grade New York State Science Standards
Wisconsin State Teaching Standards
New York State Science Standards for Grade 4
Arizona English Language Proficiency Standards
Arizona English Language Proficiency Standards & Levels






Latest Lessons
How Call Center Technology Increases Customer Satisfaction
Measuring Emotional Intelligence: Tools & Benefits
Customer Lifetime Value (CLV): Definition, Calculation & Uses
How to Delight Customers: Principle & Examples
Short Stories about Heaven for Kids
Secure, Safe & Orderly Schools: Definition & Characteristics
The Armadillo from Amarillo Lesson Plan
Bromothymol Blue: Preparation & Safety
Quiz & Worksheet - Emotional Intelligence & Business Success
Quiz & Worksheet - Real Estate Specialization
Quiz & Worksheet - Transferring Knowledge at Work
Quiz & Worksheet - Legal & Ethical Concerns in Decision Making
Quiz & Worksheet - Pitfalls of Employee Recognition Programs
Hypothesis Testing in Statistics Flashcards
Summarizing Data Flashcards









Popular Courses
AEPA Business Education: Practice & Study Guide
Educational Psychology: Homework Help Resource
Educational Psychology: Tutoring Solution
Microbiology Syllabus Resource & Lesson Plans
SAT Subject Test Biology: Tutoring Solution
ELM Test - Algebra: Basic Expressions
Electricity Concepts: Help and Review
Quiz & Worksheet - Food Chain of a Cheetah
Quiz & Worksheet - Parallel Processing
Quiz & Worksheet - Initial Value in Calculus
Quiz & Worksheet - Brand Message
Quiz & Worksheet - Social Power






Popular Lessons
Mr. Rochester in Jane Eyre: Character Analysis & Concept
Class Discussion Rubric Ideas for Teachers
War of 1812 Lesson Plan
Creative Nonfiction Writing Prompts
Persuasive Writing Prompts: High School
Cost of Standardized Testing
Creative Writing Prompts
Getting Started with Study.com's College Courses: Student Tour
And Then There Were None Lesson Plan
Silk Road Lesson Plan
Mitosis Lesson Plan
Study.com's College Accelerator












					Create an account to start this course today
				
Try it free for 5 days!


							Create An Account









Like this lesson



Share




Explore our library of over 55,000 lessons


Search










Browse

Browse by subject


College Courses

Business
English
Foreign Language
History
Humanities
Math
Science
Social Science
See All College Courses



High School Courses

AP
Common Core
GED

High School
See All High School Courses



Other Courses

College & Career Guidance Courses
College Placement Exams
Entrance Exams
General Test Prep
K-8 Courses
Skills Courses
Teacher Certification Exams
See All Other Courses















Upgrade to enroll
×


Upgrade to Premium to enroll in Business 102: Principles of Marketing
Enrolling in a course lets you earn progress by passing quizzes and exams.




Track course progress




Take quizzes and exams




Earn certificates of completion



			You will also be able to:
			
Create a Study Trainer
Create custom courses
Get your questions answered




Upgrade to Premium to add all these features to your account!

			Upgrade Now
		
Upgrade to Premium to add all these features to your account!











×
Start your FREE trial. No obligation; cancel anytime.





What best describes you?

Choose one
Teacher
Parent
Student
Tutor



Wait! Who are you?


Continue






What's your main goal?

Choose a goal
Earn college credit
Study for class
Research colleges
Prepare for an exam
Improve my grades
Other


Choose a goal
Supplementing my in-classroom material
Flipping my classroom
Engaging my students
Explaining difficult topics in the classroom
Assigning Homework
Other


Choose a goal
Helping my child with a difficult subject
Personal review to better assist my child
Improving my child's grades
My child is studying for a credit granting exam
Just for fun
Other


Choose a goal
Learn something new
Keep my mind sharp
Prepare to go back to school
Get ahead at work
Other



Your goal is required


Continue

											back
										




Email



        Email is required
    

        You'll use this email to log in.
    

        Email is not a valid email
    

        Email already in use. Already a member?
        Log In instead.
    



											Continue
										

											back
										







Recommended
Teacher Edition


Assign Lessons to Students
Show Videos in Your Classroom
K-12 Subjects Common Core Aligned
Access to Instructors
Create Custom Courses



$59.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
													





See all other plans






Recommended
Basic Edition


Unlimited access to all video lessons
Lesson Transcripts
Tech support



$39.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
				






				{{showMostPopularOnPremium ? 'Most Popular' : 'Recommended'}}
				
			
Premium Edition

Everything in our Basic Edition plus…

Practice quizzes & tests
Tools for tracking progress
Personalized coaching
Access to instructors
Certificates of Completion
Create Custom Courses



$59.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
				





Recommended
College Accelerator

Everything in our Premium Edition plus…

Earn college credit
Take two exams per month
Finish official exams remotely
Learn more



$199.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
				







														See the Teacher's Edition.





															See all other plans






										back
									







Your selected plan:

{{cart.product.displayName}}

You are joining:

{{cart.product.institutionName}}




{{ cart.coupon.trialDays ? cart.coupon.trialDays : cart.product.defaultTrialDays }}-day free trial
$0.00
due today




							 
							 
								 Starting {{endTrialDate.format('MMM D, YYYY')}}

Original Price


						{{(cart.product.remspectPriceCents/100)|currency}}
					
/{{cart.product.billingIntervalType == 'YEAR' ? 'yr' : 'mo'}}


Discount
For
							{{cart.coupon.durationInMonths}} months
						


- {{ cart.coupon.percentOff }}%
- {{ (cart.coupon.amountOffCents / 100) | currency }}

/{{cart.product.billingIntervalType == 'YEAR' ? 'yr' : 'mo'}}




							 Price after trial 
Starting {{endTrialDate.format('MMM D, YYYY')}}

Price starting today

{{cart.coupon.discountPriceStringDollars}}
					
/{{cart.product.billingIntervalType == 'YEAR' ? 'yr' : 'mo'}}



Cancel before {{endTrialDate.format('MMM D, YYYY')}} and your credit
					card will not be charged.
				



Your Cart is Empty. Please Choose a Product.




Study.com video lessons have helped over 10 million students.


Students Love Study.com
"I learned more in 10 minutes than 1 month of chemistry classes"
- Ashlee P.


Earn College Credit
"I aced the CLEP exam and earned 3 college credits!"
- Clair S.




Study.com video lessons have helped over half a million teachers engage their students.


Teachers Love Study.com
The videos have changed the way I teach! The videos on Study.com accomplish in
								 5 minutes what would take me an entire class."
- Chris F.


Did you know...
Students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face-to-face
								 instruction. 
U.S. Department of Education



















        Support
    



 



 



Beyond Broadband | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News










Learn More
Online Form - Constant Contact Signup FormOnline Form Builder



Learn More



Learn More

Sign Up NowFor Email Marketing you can trust.




Learn More

Sign Up NowFor Email Marketing you can trust.






Latest News & Press Releases

Wytec Constructing 'Gigabit' High Speed Networks | Wytec International, a subsidiary of Competitive Companies Inc., today announced it is preparing for construction of small cell networks to be deployed in 30 cities by end of 2015.
Wytec Provides Government with Wi-Fi Rescue Program | Wytec International, a Competitive Companies, Inc. subsidiary announced a new program called "Municipal Wi-Fi Rescue and Restoration Program."

Wytec Registers 70-80 GHz Links in Denver | Competitive Companies, Inc. announced today, through its subsidiary Wtyec International, that it has registered multiple 70-80 GHz millimeter wave links in Denver in preparation for buildout of its proprietary network.






A Premiere Offload Carrier


CCI is postitioning to become the premiere North American offload carrier with the development of a Nationwide Wifi Cellular Network.

 Learn More >



An Alternative 4G Network


CCI is building an alternative 4G cellular network designed for mobile carrier offloading to relieve the current data crunch.

 Learn More >



A Solution To The Data Crunch


CCI provides a real solution to the crippling data overloads that are causing a Spectrum Crisis for mobile carriers.

 Learn More >














 



  Contact Us | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News







Contact Us
Headquarters
Tina Bagley
Manager of Corporate Affairs/Operations
Competitive Companies, Inc.
19206 Huebner Rd Suite #202
San Antonio, Texas 78258
(210) 233-8980
tbagley@cci-us.com
Press Releases











 



  Q&A With CEO | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News







Q&A With CEO
To listen to a recording of the Competitive Companies, Inc.
Shareholder Conference Call hosted by William Gray, Company Chairman,
please click here.
If there are any questions that you want to ask,
please click here to send them to CCI management.
questions@cciusnews.com
Communication Portal – Press Release











 



  Glossary | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News






Glossary

3G: Third-generation mobile network or service. Generic name for mobile network/service based on the IMT-2000 family of global standards.
4G: Fourth-generation mobile network or service The International Telecommunication Union (ITU) defined through its International Mobile Telecommunications Advanced (IMT-Advanced) standards the throughput speeds for authentic 4G standards as delivering up to 100 Mbps (Megabits per second) for high mobility communication (such as from trains and cars) and 1Gbit/s for low mobility communication (such as pedestrians and stationary users)
Access charge: Amount paid per minute, charged by network operators for the use of their network by other network operators. Also known as an interconnect payment.
ADSL: Asymmetric digital subscriber line. A technology that enables high-speed data services to be delivered over twisted pair copper cable, typically with a download speed in excess of 256 kbit/s, but with a lower upload speed. Corresponds to ITU Recommendation (standard) ITU-T G.992.1
ADSL2: Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line 2, (ITU T G.992.3 and ITU T G.992.4). A sequel to the original ITU recommendation. It allows increased line speeds, new power-saving elements, and extends the reach of the original ADSL specification.
ADSL2+: Asymmetric digital subscriber line 2 plus, (ITU-T G.992.5). This revised version of ADSL2 enables increased speeds by increasing the frequencies used on the copper line.
Air time: The minutes of calls a subscriber makes from a mobile phone. This is also referred to as talk time.
AMPS: Advanced Mobile Phone System. An analogue cellular telephone service standard utilizing the 800 to 900 MHz band (recently) the 1800-2000 MHz band.
Analogue: Transmission of voice and images using electrical signals. Analogue mobile cellular systems include AMPS, NMT and TACS.
ARPU: Average Revenue Per User… It is sually expressed per month but also per year.
ATM: Asynchronous Transfer Mode. A transmission mode in which the information is organized into cells; it is asynchronous in the sense that the recurrence of cells from an individual user is not necessarily periodic.
Bandwidth: The range of frequencies available to be occupied by signals. In analogue systems it is measured in terms of Hertz (Hz) and in digital systems in bits per second (bit/s). The higher the bandwidth, the greater the amount of information that can be transmitted in a given time. High bandwidth channels are referred to as “broadband” which typically means 1.5-2.0 Mbit/s or higher.
Base station: It is radio transmitter/receiver and antenna used in the mobile cellular network. It maintains communications with cellular telephones within a given cell and transfers mobile traffic to other base stations and the fixed telephone network.
Bit/s: Bits per second. Measurement of the transmission speed of units of data (bits) over a network. Also kbit/s: kilobits (1’000) per second; Mbit/s: megabits (1’000’000) per second, and Gbit/s: Gigabits (1’000’000’000) per second.
Bluetooth: A radio technology that makes possible transmitting signals over short distances between Mobile phones, computers and other devices.
Broadband: Although there exist various definitions of broadband that have assigned a minimum data rate to the term, it may be defined as transmission capacity with sufficient bandwidth to permit combined provision of voice, data and video, with no lower limit. Effectively, broadband is implemented mainly through ADSL, cable modem or wireless LAN (WLAN) services.
Browser: Application that retrieves WWW documents specified by URLs from an HTTP server on the Internet. Displays the retrieved documents according to the Hyptertext Markup Language (HTML).
Cable modem: A technology that allows high-speed interactive services, including Internet access, to be delivered over a cable TV network.
CAGR: Compound Annual Growth Rate
Call waiting: A subscriber, engaged on an existing call, is given an indication that another caller is attempting to obtain connection. Call waiting service gives the option of ending on holding the original call to take the new one.
CDMA: Code Division Multiple Access. A technology for digital transmission of radio signals based on spread spectrum techniques where each voice or data call uses the whole radio band and is assigned a unique code.
CDMA IS-95: A digital cellular standard. For more information see the CDMA Development Group website at: http://www.cdg.org/index.html.
CDMA2000: Code division multiple access 2000. A third-generation digital cellular standard based on Qualcomm technology. Includes CDMA2000 1x, 1xEV-DO (Evolution, Data Optimized) and 1xEV DV (Evolution, Data and Voice). One of the IMT 2000 “family” of standards.
Cell: The geographic area covered by a single base station in a cellular mobile network.
Cellular: A mobile telephone service provided by a network of base stations, each of which covers one geographic cell within the total cellular system service area.
Channel: One of a number of discrete frequency ranges utilized by a base station to transmit and receive information from cellular terminals (such as mobile handsets).
Churn: Term used to describe the turnover in the number of subscribers to a network, typically Measured monthly. There are several different ways of measuring churn (for instance, based on the subscriber base at the start or the end of the month) which means that comparisons between companies or between countries are not always meaningful.
Circuit-switched connection: A temporary connection that is established on request between two or more stations in order to allow the exclusive use of that connection until it is released. At present, most voice networks are based on circuit-switching, whereas the Internet is packet-based. See also Packet-based.
Coverage: Refers to the range of a mobile cellular network, measured in terms of geographic coverage (the percentage of the territorial area covered by mobile cellular) or population coverage (the percentage of the population within range of a mobile cellular network).
CPP: Calling Party Pays. Billing option whereby the person making the call is charged. This is in contrast to billing the recipient of the call.
Connectivity: The capability to provide, to end-users, connections to the Internet or other communication networks.
D-AMPS: See TDMA.WORLD TELECOMMUNICATION DEVELOPMENT REPORT 1999
DCS-1800: GSM networks using the 1800 Mhz frequency.
DECT: Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications. A standard for cordless telephony originally established by ETSI (see below).
Digital: Representation of voice or other information using digits 0 and 1. The digits are transmitted as a series of pulses. Digital networks allow for higher capacity, greater functionality and improved quality. Examples of digital cellular networks include GSM, CDMA, and TDMA.
DNS: Domain Name System. The Domain Name System is a distributed hierarchical lookup service. It is primarily used on the Internet and other IP-based networks to translate between domain names and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
DOCSIS: Data over cable systems interface specifications, (ITU-T J.112). ITU-T Recommendation J.112 for cable modems, originally based on technologies developed by Cablelabs. It specifies modulation schemes and the protocol for exchanging bi-directional signals over cable.
DOCSIS2: Data over cable systems interface specifications 2, (ITU-T J.122). ITU-T Recommendation J.122, approved at the end of 2002, is based on a revised version of DOCSIS, originally based on technologies developed by Cablelabs.
DSL: Digital subscriber line. See also ADSL, ADSL2, ADSL2+, SHDSL, SDSL, VDSL and xDSL.
DSLAM: Digital subscriber line access multiplexer. A device, located at the central office of a DSL provider, that separates and routes the voice-frequency signals and data traffic on a DSL line.
Dual-mode (also tri-mode or multi-mode): Handsets that can work with more than one different standard and/or at more than one frequency.
E-commerce: Electronic commerce. Term used to describe transactions that take place online where the buyer and seller are remote from each other.
EDGE: Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution. An intermediate technology, still under development, that brings second-generation GSM closer to third-generation capacity for handling data speeds up to 384 kbit/s.
E-mail: Electronic mail. A method of electronically passing messages from one computer user to another, typically over computer networks.
End-user: The individual or organization that originates or is the final recipient of information carried over a network (i.e. the consumer).
ENUM: Electronic Numbering. A protocol that is the result of work of the IETF’s Telephone Number Mapping working group that provides facilities to resolve ITU-T E.164 telephone numbers into other resources or services on the Internet through a lookup service using the Domain Name System (DNS).
Equity-based subscribers: See Proportionate subscribers.
Ethernet: A protocol for interconnecting computers and peripheral devices at high speed. Ethernet can run on several types of wiring including: twisted pair, coaxial, and even fibre optic cable. Ethernet was invented at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center in the 1970s by Dr. Robert M. Metcalfe. Formal specifications for Ethernet were published in 1980 by a multi-vendor consortium that created the DEC-Intel-Xerox (DIX) standard. This technology was later adopted for standardization by the LAN standards committee of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE 802) and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). The standard is periodically updated including 100-Mbps Fast Ethernet and 10 Gigabit Ethernet.
ETSI: European Telecommunications Standards Institute. Telecommunication standards body for Europe. For more information see their website at: http://www.etsi.org.
Exchange: See Switch.
FDMA: Frequency division multiple access. A cellular technology that has been used in the first-generation analogue systems (i.e. NMT, AMPS, and TACS).
Fixed line: A physical line connecting the subscriber to the telephone exchange. Typically, fixed-line network is used to refer to the PSTN (see below) to distinguish it from mobile networks.
Frequency: The rate at which an electrical current alternates, usually measured in Hertz (Hz). It is also used to refer to a location on the radio frequency spectrum, such as 800, 900 or 1800 Mhz.
Frequency Reuse: The ability to use the same frequencies repeatedly across a cellular system. As each cell uses radio frequencies only within its boundaries, the same frequencies can be reused in other cells not far away with a limited possibility of interference. The reuse of frequencies is the key concept that enables a cellular system to handle a large amount of calls with a limited number of channels.
FTTH: Fibre to the home. A high-speed fibre optic, Internet connection that terminates at a residence. See FTTx.
FTTx: Fibre to the x, where x is a home (FTTH), building (FTTB), curb (FTTC), or neighborhood (FTTN). These terms are used to describe the reach of an optical fibre network.
GMPLS: Generalized Multiprotocol Label Switching. An extension of the existing MPLS that supports TDM, wavelength and spatial switching. One of the main architectural enhancements proposed by GMPLS is the complete separation of the control and data planes of various networking layers.
GPRS: General Packet Radio Service. An enhancement for GSM, based on packet-switched technology enabling high-speed data transmission (115 kbit/s per second).
GSM: Global System for Mobile communications. European-developed digital mobile cellular standard. For more information see the GSM Association website at: http://www.gsmworld.com/index.html.
Hand-off: A central concept of cellular technology, enabling mobility for subscribers. It is a process by which the Mobile Telephone Switching Office passes a mobile phone conversation from one radio frequency in one cell to another radio frequency in another as a subscriber crosses the boundary of a cell.
Hotspot: An access point to a wireless local area network (WLAN). Hotspots are areas where wireless data can be sent and received, and Internet access is provided to wireless devices. For example, a laptop computer can be used to access the Internet in a hotspot provided in an airport or hotel.
HSCSD: High Speed Circuit Switched Data. An intermediary upgrade technology for GSM based on circuit-switched technology and enabling data service speed of 57 kbit/s.
HTTP: HyperText Transport Protocol (see WWW).
Hz: Hertz. The frequency measurement unit equal to one cycle per second.
IMT-2000: International Mobile Telecommunications-2000. Third-generation (3G) “family” of mobile cellular standards approved by ITU. For more information see the website at: http://www.itu.int/imt.
Incumbent: The (former) monopoly service and network provider in a particular country.
Interconnection: The physical connection of telephone networks owned by two different operators. Network operators typically charge a per minute fee for use of their network by other network operators (referred to as an “interconnect payment” or “access charge”).
Internet: Global network of interconnected networks that use the Internet protocol (see IP).
Internet backbone: The collection of main network connections and telecommunications lines comprising the Internet.
IETF: Internet Engineering Task Force. Large open international community of network designers, operators, vendors, and researchers concerned with the evolution of the Internet architecture and the smooth operation of the Internet open to any interested individual.
IP: Internet protocol. The dominant network layer protocol used with the TCP/IP protocol suite. The IP protocol suite is maintained by the IETF.
IP telephony: Internet protocol telephony. IP telephony is used as a generic term for the conveyance of voice, fax and related services, partially or wholly over packet-based, IP-based networks. See also VoIP and Voice over broadband.
ISDN: Integrated services digital network. A digital switched network, supporting transmission of voice, data and images over conventional telephone lines.
ISP: Internet Service Provider. ISPs provide end users, and other ISPs, access to the Internet. ISPs may also offer their own proprietary content and access to online services such as e-mail.
ITU: International Telecommunication Union. The United Nations specialized agency for telecommunications. See http://www.itu.int/.
ITU-D: Telecommunication Development Sector. One of three Sectors of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU).
ITU-R: Radiocommunication Sector. One of three Sectors of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU).
ITU-T: Telecommunication Standardization Sector. One of three Sectors of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU).
LAN: Local area network. A computer network that spans a relatively small area. Most LANs are confined to a single building or group of buildings. However, one LAN can be connected to other LANs over any distance via telephone lines and radio waves. A system of LANs connected in this way is called a wide-area network (WAN). See also WLAN.
LLU: Local loop unbundling. The process of requiring incumbent operators to open the last mile of their legacy networks to competitors. Similar reference to ULL (unbundled local loop).
Local loop: The system used to connect the subscriber to the nearest switch. It generally consists of a pair of copper wires, but may also employ fibre-optic or wireless technologies.
Main telephone line: Telephone line connecting a subscriber to the telephone exchange equipment. This term is synonymous with the term fixed line used in this report.
Mobile: The term refers to mobile cellular systems and to mobile phones.
MPLS: Multi-Protocol Label Switching. An IETF–defined protocol originally based on Cisco tag switching technology that is used in IP traffic management. Basically, it provides a means for one router to pass on its routing priorities to another router by means of a label and without having to examine the packet and its header, thus saving the time required for the latter device to look up the address for the next node. It can also facilitate Quality of Service (QoS) provisioning.
MTSO: Mobile Telephone Switching Office. A central point to which base stations of cells in a cluster are connected to, either by landlines or microwave. MTSO is normally located in the central cell of a cluster and is generally connected to the Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN).
NMT: Nordic Mobile Telephone system. An analogue mobile cellular system developed in the Nordic countries.
Number Portability: The ability of a customer to transfer an account from one service provider to another without requiring a change in number.
OECD: Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. For information, see http://www.oecd.org.
OFDM: Orthogonal frequency division multiplexing. A method of digital modulation in which a signal is split into several narrowband channels at different frequencies in order to minimize interference among channels that are close in frequency. OFDM is used in European digital audio broadcast services, and also in wireless LANs.
Packet: Block or grouping of data that is treated as a single unit within a communication network.
Packet-based: Message-delivery technique in which packets are relayed through stations in a network. See also Circuit-switched connection.
PCS: Personal Communication Services. In the United States, refers to digital mobile networks using the 1900 Mhz frequency. In other countries, refers to digital mobile networks using the 1800 Mhz frequency (See DCS-1800). The term Personal Communications Network (PCN) is also used.
PDA: Personal Digital Assistant. A generic term for handheld devices that combine computing and communications functions.
Peak rate: Term used for calls made during the busy part of the working day, at full tariff. Off-peak refers to calls made at other times, with discounted tariffs.
Penetration: A measurement of access to telecommunications, normally calculated by dividing the number of subscribers to a particular service by the population and multiplying by 100. Also referred to as teledensity (for fixed-line networks) or mobile density (for cellular ones), or total teledensity (fixed and mobile combined).
Pervasive computing: A concept which describes a situation in which computing capability is embedded into numerous different devices around the home or office (e.g. fridges, washing machines, cars, etc.). Also referred to as ubiquitous computing. Pervasive communications implies that the microchips in these devices are also able to communicate, for instance their location and status.
POPs: The population within a mobile operator’s licensed area. Confusingly, within the Internet world, the same abbreviation is used to describe Points of Presence.
Portal: Although an evolving concept, the term portal commonly refers to the starting point, or a gateway through which users navigate the World Wide Web, gaining access to a wide range of resources and services, such as e-mail, forums, search engines, and shopping malls. A mobile portal implies a starting point which is accessible from a mobile phone.
Proportionate subscribers: The number of subscribers of a mobile cellular operator based on ownership. Calculated by multiplying the mobile cellular operator’s share of ownership (equity) in a particular subsidiary by the total number of subscribers.
Protocol: A set of formal rules and specifications describing how to transmit data, especially across a network.
PSTN: Public Switched Telephone Network. The public telephone network that delivers fixed telephone service.
PTO: Public Telecommunication Operator. A provider of telecommunication infrastructure and services to the general public. The term public relates to the customer rather than the ownership of the PTO.
QoS: Quality of service. A measure of network performance that reflects the quality and reliability of a connection. QoS can indicate a data traffic policy that guarantees certain amounts of bandwidth at any given time, or can involve traffic shaping that assigns varying bandwidth to different applications.
RFID: Radio frequency identification. A system of radio tagging that provides identification data for goods in order to make them traceable. Typically used by manufacturers to make goods such as clothing items traceable without having to read bar code data for individual items.
Roaming: A service allowing cellular subscribers to use their handsets on networks of other operators.
SDO: Standards Development Organization. An organization that develops standards.
SDSL: Symmetrical DSL. A proprietary North American DSL standard. However, the term SDSL is often also used to describe SHDSL.
Server: (1) A host computer on a network that sends stored information in response to requests or queries. (2) The term server is also used to refer to the software that makes the process of serving information possible.
SHDSL: Single pair high-speed DSL. The informal name for ITU-T Recommendation G.991.2 that offers high- speed, symmetrical connectivity over a twisted copper pair.
SIM: Subscriber Identity Module card. A small printed circuit board inserted into a GSM-based mobile phone when signing on as a subscriber. It includes subscriber details, security information and a memory for a personal directory of numbers.
SIP: Session initiation protocol. An IETF-specified standard (RFC 2543) used to initiate, manage, and terminate interactive sessions between one or more users on the Internet.
SMS: Short Message Service. A service available on digital networks, typically enabling messages with up to 160 characters to be sent or received via the message centre of a network operator to a subscriber’s mobile phone.
Spectrum: The radio frequency spectrum of hertzian waves used as a transmission medium for cellular radio, radiopaging, satellite communication, over-the-air broadcasting and other services.
Switch: Part of a mobile or fixed telephone system that routes telephone calls to their destination.
TACS: Total Access Communications System. An analogue mobile cellular system.
TCP: Transmission control protocol. A transport layer protocol that offers connection-oriented, reliable stream services between two hosts. This is the primary transport protocol used by TCP/IP applications. The IP protocol suite is maintained by the IETF.
TDMA: Time Division Multiple Access. A digital cellular technology that divides frequency into time slots. It is the prevalent technology of the second WORLD TELECOMMUNICATION DEVELOPMENT REPORT 1999 generation digital cellular with three main versions: North American TDMA (IS-136); European TDMA (GSM); and Japanese TDMA (PHS/PDC).
TDMA IS-136: A digital cellular standard earlier referred to as D-AMPS. For more information see the Universal Wireless Communications Consortium website at: http://www.uwcc.org.
TDM: Time Division Multiplexing. A digital transmission method that combines signals from multiple sources on a common path. This common path is divided into a number of time slots and each signal or channel is assigned its own intermittent time slot, allowing the path to be shared by multiple channels.
Teledensity: Number of main telephone lines per 100 inhabitants. See Penetration.
Total teledensity: Sum of the number of fixed lines and mobile phone subscribers per 100 inhabitants. See Penetration.
Ubiquitous computing: A term that reflects the view that future communication networks will allow seamless access to data, regardless of where the user is. See Per vasive computing.
ULL: Unbundled local loop. See LLU.
UMTS: Universal mobile telecommunications system. The European term for third-generation mobile cellular systems or IMT-2000 based on the W-CDMA standard. For more information see the UMTS Forum website at: http://www.umts-forum.org/.
Universal access: Refers to reasonable telecommunication access for all. Includes universal service for those that can afford individual telephone service and widespread provision of public telephones within a reasonable distance of others.
USO: Universal service obligations. Requirements that governments place on operators to offer service in all areas, regardless of economic feasibility. Universal Service refers to availability, non-discriminatory access and wide-spread affordability of telephone service. The level of universal service is statistically measured as the percentage of households with a telephone.
UTRA: UMTS Terrestrial Radio Access. The European third-generation mobile standard ETSI has agreed on which draws upon both W-CDMA and TDMA-CDMA proposals.
VXML: Voice eXtensible Markup Language. A new standard under development that uses voice to browse the Web.
VDSL: Very-high-data-rate digital subscriber line. (ITU-T G.993.1). The fastest version of DSL that can handle speeds up to 52 Mbit/s over very short distances. Often used to branch out from fibre connections inside apartment buildings.
VoIP: Voice over IP. A generic term used to describe the techniques used to carry voice traffic over IP (see also IP telephony and Voice over broadband).
VPN: Virtual private network. A method of encrypting a connection over the Internet. VPNs are used extensively in business to allow employees to access private networks at the office from remote locations. VPNs are especially useful for sending sensitive data.
WAP: Wireless Application Protocol. A license-free protocol for wireless communication that enables the creation of mobile telephone services and the reading of Internet pages from a mobile phone, thus being the mobile equivalent of HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol).
W3C: World Wide Web Consortium. W3C was created in October 1994 to lead the World Wide Web to its full potential by developing common protocols that promote its evolution and ensure its interoperability. See http://www.w3c.org.
W-CDMA: Wideband Code Division Multiple Access. (see CDMA) A third-generation mobile standard under the IMT 2000 banner, first deployed in Japan. Known as UMTS in Europe. See also CDMA.
WDM: Wave division multiplexing. Technology that allows multiple data streams to travel simultaneously over the same fibre optic cable by separating each stream into its own wavelength of light.
Wi-Fi: Wireless fidelity. A mark of interoperability among devices adhering to the 802.11b specification for Wireless LANs from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). However, the term Wi Fi is sometimes mistakenly used as a generic term for wireless LAN.
WiMAX: Fixed wireless standard IEEE 802.16 that allows for long-range wireless communication at 70 Mbit/s over 50 kilometres. It can be used as a backbone Internet connection to rural areas.
Wireless: Generic term for mobile communication services which do not use fixed-line networks for direct access to the subscriber.
Wireless Spectrum: A finite and invisible infrastructure over which all wireless transmissions travel
WLAN: Wireless local area network. Also known as Wireless LAN. A wireless network whereby a user can connect to a local area network (LAN) through a wireless (radio) connection, as an alternative to a wired local area network. The most popular standard for wireless LANs is the IEEE 802.11 series.
WLL: Wireless local loop. Typically a phone network that relies on wireless technologies to provide the last kilometre connection between the telecommunication central office and the end-user.
WSIS: The United Nations World Summit on the Information Society. The first phase of WSIS will take place in Geneva (hosted by the Government of Switzerland) from 10 to 12 December 2003. The second phase will take place in Tunis (hosted by the Government of Tunisia), from 16 to 18 November 2005. For more information see: http://www.itu.int/wsis.
WTO: World Trade Organization. See http://www.wto.org.
WWW: World Wide Web.(1) Technically refers to the hypertext servers (HTTP servers) which are the servers that allow text, graphics, and sound files to be mixed together. (2) Loosely refers to all types of resources that can be accessed.
xDSL: While DSL stands for digital subscriber line, xDSL is the general representation for various types of digital subscriber line technology, such as ADSL, SHDSL, and VDSL. See ADSL, SHDSL, VDSL.











 



  What We Do | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News







 



December 2013
The first-of-its-kind “Bid for Better Broadband” initiative rolls out and allows business customers to name their own price and pick their plan for better broadband. In conjunction with the launch, the Capaciti Networks website was completely redesigned and relaunched.

 


 November 2013
Capaciti Networks records download speeds of more than 100 Mbps to a smart phone in Columbus, OH. In addition, the company recorded speeds of well over 200 Mbps to a laptop on Capaciti’s network.

 


September 2013
Capaciti Networks goes live in the Central Business District (CBD) of Columbus, Ohio. Capaciti had already performed multiple Wi-Fi speed tests including piloting a video surveillance system for the City before beginning its citywide Wi-Fi deployment.
This milestone with the City of Columbus will set a new U.S. standard for the future of citywide Wi-Fi deployments and a critical measurement for determining Intelligent City criteria.
 



Our mission
 is to be at the wireless forefront of transitioning conventional municipalities into Intelligent Communities, enabling them to compete in the burgeoning broadband economy. 
Wytec International, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Competitive Companies Inc (OTCQB: CCOP)  is a globally diversified wireless innovator with a vertically integrated structure including hardware manufacturing and sales, as well as infrastructure services.
In the constantly evolving and exponentially growing wireless broadband market, one fact remains constant: demand is out growing existing capacity at an alarming rate. Wytec’s tech-savvy team has developed the only cost-effective and rapid deployment answer to this massive problem with patent-protected mobile broadband technology.



Maximizing Asset Value of Patents
WyTec International, Inc. is a wholly owned entity of CCI. WyTec International owns the five  patents originally developed by WyTec, Inc. from 1999- 2001. These patents are directly related to the technology involving Local Multipoint Distribution System “LMDS”. A key technical development in the application of the patents is a process known as Multichannel Radio Frequency Transmission “MRFT”. This process allows the utilization of combining channels within a frequency range, thereby effectively multiplying the available throughput of bandwidth.
 
 
 
 
 




Millimeter Band Registered Links
WyLink, Inc. is a wholly owned entity of WyTec Inc. / Competitive Companies Inc., CCI, is traded on NASDQ OTCBB symbol CCOP. WyLink is currently selling millimeter band “Registered Links” through the protection of the FCC to incorporate a “short haul” backbone link in the development of a microcell network.












 



  Company Disclaimer | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News






Company Disclaimer

This website is provided as a convenience to Competitive Companies Inc. shareholders, those seeking information about WyLink, Inc. and/or WyTec, International Inc., any other CCI owned companies and the general public. The statements and communications contained in this website are intended for information only. None of them constitutes a solicitation, an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell securities, or to conduct other transactions.
No warranty, either express or implied, is given for the information and opinions published on the web site. Actions based on statements made therein are the responsibility of those who take them. This statement therefore disclaims all liability for damage which may result directly and indirectly from the use, performance or consultation of the web site, in connection with access to the website itself or other websites linked to it.
This website contains certain “forward-looking statements.” Such forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by words such as “intends,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “expects” and “hopes” and include, without limitation, statements regarding Competitive Companies, Inc. plan of business operations, potential contractual arrangements, receipt of working capital, anticipated revenues and related expenditures and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Such factors include, among others, the willingness and ability of third parties to honor their contractual obligations, the decisions of third parties over which Competitive Companies, Inc. has no control; such as commodity prices, environmental and government regulations, availability of financing, judicial proceedings, force majeure events, and other such risk factors. Many of these factors are beyond Competitive Companies, Inc. ability to control or predict. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities statutes or regulations, Competitive Companies, Inc. disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly these forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Nothing on this website is either an offer to purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to sell, shares of this or any other entity. Nothing on this website is a solicitation of a proxy from a security holder of this or any other company.
We shall not be liable for any claims, expenses, damages (including direct, indirect, special or consequential damages), and loss of profits, opportunities or information arising from the use of or reliance on information contained in this website, any inaccuracy or omission in such information or failure to keep the information current; use of any third party websites linked to this website, any Internet software used in connection with this website or computer viruses or other destructive programs encountered as a result of using this website; and any other matter connected with this website; even if we are made aware of the possibility of such claims, expenses, damages or losses.
Internet software or transmission problems could produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information contained on this website. Computer viruses or other destructive programs may also be inadvertently downloaded from the website. We shall not be liable for Internet software, computer viruses or destructive programs and recommends that you install appropriate anti-virus or other protective software. This site provides links to third party websites for your convenience only and the inclusion of these links does not imply that we monitors or endorses these websites. Accordingly, we accept no responsibility for such websites.
This website is provided as a service to website visitors. It is a service only. This website is not intended as a solicitation or offering of securities in any jurisdiction and the information contained herein in no way should be construed or interpreted as such. No securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, Canada or any other country or jurisdiction has in any way passed upon this information and no representation or warranty is made by Competitive Companies Inc., to that effect. The information on this website is not intended to modify, qualify, supplement or amend information disclosed under securities legislation of any jurisdiction applicable to Competitive Companies Inc., and should not be used for the purpose of making investment decisions concerningCompetitive Companies Inc., securities.
Printed copies of public disclosure documents may be obtained directly from Competitive Companies Inc.
Stock quotes may or may not be displayed on this site. If stock quotes are displayed at all on this site … All Stock Quotes Are Delayed by at least thirty (30) minutesand may be delayed even further. All stock quotes and historical stock price data are provided by third party service providers and are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended for trading purposes.
If you are contemplating trading in the securities of Competitive Companies Inc., we strongly advise you to seek independent professional advice before making any investment decision. Competitive Companies Inc. makes no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy or completeness of any such stock price quotes or historical stock price data and has not taken any steps to verify the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of the information provided herein.
If you have questions about our Disclaimer or any questions at all, contact us.
19206 Huebner Stuite 202, San Antonio, Texas 78258 Or contact us at: 888-284-4531 tbagley@cci-us.com














  Nine Companies That Destroyed Their Largest Competitors - 24/7 Wall St.


































































































24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors













Search this site




Business

Aerospace & Defense
Autos
Banking & Finance
Commodities & Metals
Consumer Products
Energy
Healthcare
Industrials
Infrastructure
Media
Retail
Services


Technology

Apps & Software
Consumer Electronics
Telecom & Wireless
Apple Inc.
Facebook
Google


Investing

Analyst Upgrades
Bankruptcy
Buffett
Corporate Governance
Corporate Performance
Dividends and Buybacks
Earnings
ETFs and Mutual Funds
International Markets
IPOs and Secondaries
Mergers and Acquisitions
Personal Finance
Rumors
Value Investing


Economy

Energy
Government Regulation
Healthcare
Housing
Jobs


Special Report

Brands and Products
Cities
Countries
States


















 




Nine Companies That Destroyed Their Largest Competitors

August 23, 2011 6:33 am EDT




Print




Email









Tweet











 



Most companies want to be number one in their markets. Once there, however, they have trouble keeping the top spot for long. They are flanked by smaller, nimbler companies that have better products or make innovations that change the industry and how its serves its customers.
24/7 Wall St. reviewed several industries in which the number one company was recently toppled from its position. We looked at the weaknesses of the market leader and how and why it was replaced by a rival. The reasons often have to do with sluggishness and lack of innovation on the part of the top company. Complacency usually pushes these leaders from their top positions, allowing a once-smaller competitor to take over the first place spot. 


Read: The Nine Companies That Destroyed Their Largest Competitors
America’s top companies — in any industry — are unusually successful. There’s no better example than Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), the largest corporation in the U.S. based on market capitalization. The iPhone is the most popular smartphone and the iPad is the most popular tablet PC. Apple’s lead position in its markets helps it to be the most profitable company in its industry. Its reputation as the  top consumer electronics company even helps it market products. Thinking it must be the best, many customers like to use the first place product.
However, there are disadvantages to being at the top. Market leaders are usually the target of competitors that want to gain market share. Take the premium streaming video business, where Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) holds the top spot with 25 million customers. Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Walmart (NYSE: WMT), and Apple also want to be successful in the business. To do that, they naturally imitate Netflix’s service and prices in order to take its customers. They wouldn’t normally target the number three or four company in the sector.
Competition is but one of the challenges, and the first place position is hardly guaranteed. General Motors (NYSE: GM) was the world’s largest car company from the end of World War II until three years ago. Poor product decisions and high labor costs nearly took the company under, helping rival Toyota (NYSE: TM) move into the top spot. Blockbuster was the number one company in the video rental business until the model for the industry changed. Instead, DVD rentals by mail became popular because it is less expensive to mail DVDs than to run thousands of DVD stores. That’s when Netflix flanked Blockbuster by creating the DVD-by-mail business and becoming the top video rental company in the U.S.
Despite challenges, many companies have been able to keep the first place position in their industries for a long time. Walmart has been the largest retailer in the U.S. for almost 30 years. Exxon Mobil (NYSE: XOM) has been the largest American oil company since it was formed by a merger in 1999.
The following are nine companies that crushed larger competitors.

 Pages: 1/2/3





« Does Android Matter?
Top Analyst Upgrades & Downgrades (AET, AMR, ADM, MT, BG, CINF, COH, EXPE, FAST, HGSI, NSIT, JNPR, KMB, PCLN, RYL, LCC, SAFM, WAG) »


	Read more: Investing, Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:AA), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), AMR, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Barnes & Noble, Inc. (NYSE:BKS), Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), Dell (NASDAQ:DELL), DISH Network Corporation (NASDAQ:DISH), General Motors (NYSE:GM), Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Nokia (NYSE:NOK), News Corp. (NASDAQ:NWS), RIMM, Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (NYSE:TM), United Continental Holdings, I... (NYSE:UAL), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM), Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO)
















Free Daily Newsletter

Subscribe








Terms & Conditions
















Popular
Customer Service Hall of ShameThe Most Popular Baby Names of the 1800sThe Best Counties to Live InCustomer Service Hall of FameCities Americans Are Abandoning 

Recent
 GE, IBM Land in Friday’s 52-Week Low Club 10 Cities Where Incomes Are Shrinking the Fastest GE, Microsoft Weigh on DJIA Friday 16 Most Segregated Cities in America 
 













Get Quote for:


Symbol Lookup


Search










 
 
5 Top Semiconductor ETFs
This Week in Solar
PayPal Now On Apple: What Investors Should Know





U.S. to drop charges against ex-J.P. Morgan traders in London Whale case
Dow books a 0.3% weekly loss 
S&P 500 logs a weekly rise of 0.5%; Nasdaq closes wraps up with a weekly climb of 1.2%





Four Takeaways from the Q2 Earnings Season
Why JetBlue (JBLU) Is Poised To Beat Earnings This Quarter
Snap Stock Dips to New All-Time Low... Again





Legal deal pulls money to teach tribal kids native language
3 Reasons Hampton Creek Wants to Start Selling Animal-Free Meat in 2018
Penn State board votes new chair, approves tuition increase





Boss Of Coal-Hauling Railroad Says 'Fossil Fuels Are Dead'
Chipotle Reopening Restaurant Linked To Customer Illnesses
The Federal Reserve Board: The Best Weapon Against Discrimination?





Home
About Us
Disclaimer and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise


			AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance
		




©2017 24/7 Wall St.		|
Powered by WordPress.com VIP





















Post to



Cancel







 














































































































































What are the best examples of competitive advantage that derives from factors besides product features? - QuoraThis page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page.Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Hide this message.QuoraSign In Competitiveness (economics) Competitive Advantage (business) Technological Innovation Innovation TechnologyWhat are the best examples of competitive advantage that derives from factors besides product features?For example, Facebook has a competitive advantage because most people use its service, rather than adopting because of particular features. Same with iPhone and the AppStore: the competitive advantage is the number of developers in the eco-system, not any specific features of the iPhone itself. What other examples can people think of?UpdateCancelPromoted by ProsperWorksSales should be selling, not entering data.Productive reps don't input data. They sell. Automate with ProsperWorks: Google's recommended CRM.Free Trial at prosperworks.comAnswer Wiki7 Answers  Phineas Barnes, SneakerheadVC for First Round Capital, 10 year operator in the start up worldAnswered 341w agoThe examples you site (Fb and iPhone developer ecosystem) feel more like network effects as competitive advantage, but I think they achieved those network effects because of product choices/features. In addition to product, execution, design, brand, operations/logistics, flexibility/adaptability can lead to competitive advantage. I would say Facebook's competitive advantage is not the users, but the fact that they execute better than anyone else in the space and have leaders with a deep understanding of the customer who are comfortable defining "social" for the rest of us. Apple has been built to deliver on the vision of a genius and to begin with his design aesthetic and build an operation to support the delivery of this aesthetic. The iOS ecosystem is an embodiment of this process, but it lives in all Apple products and services from laptops to retail.Coca-Cola sells carbonated sugar water yet they have built one of the most valuable and recognizable brands in the world. Cemex sells cement and yet their focus on operational excellence and mastery of distributed manufacturing facilites, raw material transport and currency arbitrage has made them the dominant player in the space.The oregon Ducks football team play FAST. This innovation changes the game and requires the entire organization to operate differently from play calling communication to practices to coaching approach. The advantage on the field is speed, but the real advantage is the flexibility of the staff and the players to fully embrace this new style before it had generated a national championship caliber team. hope this helps, moving my house today so kind of rambling43.4k Views · 15 UpvotesPromoted by Tab for a CauseRaise money for charity simply by browsing the web.With Tab for a Cause, each time you open a new tab you'll raise money for your favorite causes!Start Now at tabforacause.orgRelated QuestionsMore Answers BelowWhat are examples of listed companies that have competitive advantages?What are examples of sustainable competitive advantages?What are Apple's competitive advantages?What are examples of competitive advantage in marketing?Which is the best way to assess competitive advantage?  John Greathouse, Entrepreneur, Investor, Professor & Freshman In The School Of LifeAnswered 334w agoMost companies focus on iterating on product features. As shown below, Product Performance accounts for the majority of resource deployments in the area of innovation.Not surprisingly, value is created in areas other than Product Performance, as shown below. The greatest value is derived from innovative business models (e.g., selling things online), modifying processes and enhancing the customer's experience.Entrepreneurs are well served to focus on innovating in areas other than Product Features. Consider Amazon. Selling books was not new, but selling them online was. Be a contrarian, look for non-conventional ways to innovate in your industry and spend less time on features and benefits.35.1k Views · 17 Upvotes  Christopher Gleadle, Sustainability – a new business paradigm Christopher Gleadle 2011 www.thecmgconsultancy.com In companies, ...Answered 334w agoSustainability delivers competitive advantage. The values of sustainability drives and maintains exceptional opportunities for resource, asset and operational optimisation. This further, produces greater innovation as companies seek to reduce customer impact through more efficient products and services and deliver enhanced customer service. As these values transcend the entire value chain, the companies who have embraced sustainability have a significant competitive advantage over those who have not. Sustainable procurement protocols are ensuring a quicker pace of development. During this recession, many reports have been produced showing that companies who have embraced sustainability have out performed companies who have not. In a recent MIT Sloan report for instance, 70% of embracers say they outperform their peers.9.7k Views · 2 UpvotesView More AnswersRelated QuestionsHow can I become a more competitive person?What is meant by competitive advantage?How competitive advantage could be sustained in a company?What are Uber's competitive advantages?Is your competitive advantage a killer piece of back-end technology? Would the best route to market be an API rather than a SaaS?What is the definition of competitive advantage?What could be a product's competitive advantage (Generally)?What is Pepsi's competitive advantage?How can a bank gain competitive advantage?How does one overcome a first-mover’s advantage? A classic example is WhatsApp. Despite offering fewer options, they are still way ahead of th...Related QuestionsWhat are examples of listed companies that have competitive advantages?What are examples of sustainable competitive advantages?What are Apple's competitive advantages?What are examples of competitive advantage in marketing?Which is the best way to assess competitive advantage?How can I become a more competitive person?What is meant by competitive advantage?How competitive advantage could be sustained in a company?What are Uber's competitive advantages?Is your competitive advantage a killer piece of back-end technology? Would the best route to market be an API rather than a SaaS?Sitemap:#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZAbout · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact



Welcome to Competitive Edge Products, Inc  - Save More. Play More.













































1-866-308-5484M-F 7am-4pm MST
1-866-308-5484












Expert Service.  Easy Returns.  Volume Discounts.  Low Price Guarantee *





















Featured Products




2-Pack - Lifetime Tamarack 90508 Muskie Angler 10-foot Sit On Top Fishing Kayak



(25)






$734.99 
 On sale: $634.99
    Sale

Low Stock, Buy Now! We'll Beat any online price by $10! Free Shipping








2-Pack - Lifetime Tamarack 90539 Muskie Angler 10-foot Sit On Top Fishing Kayak



(7)






$734.99 
 On sale: $634.99
    Sale

Low Stock, Buy Now! We'll Beat any online price by $10! Free Shipping








Kodiak Canvas 10x14 ft. 6014 8 person Deluxe Canvas Tent



(64)





Your Price: $649.99
    

Low Stock -  Thanks to Burning Man Festival. Order ASAP to get one! Free Shipping








Lifetime 8-ft 42980 Rectangular Tables 4 Pack White Granite Color Top



(21)





Your Price: $348.92
    

In Stock - Usually ships out next business day. 








Lifetime Storage Shed 60120 8 ft x 20 ft Building Kit



(1)






$2,499.99 
 On sale: $2,074.95
    Sale

In stock. Free Shipping








Lifetime Swing Set - 90143 Monkey Bar Playground with Slide (earthtones color)



(69)





Your Price: $974.95
    

In Stock, We Price Match! Free Shipping








Spalding Basketball Ball 63-249e NBA Outdoor Official Size Basketball



(26)






$24.99 
 On sale: $15.99
    Sale

In Stock - Limit 1 per customer Free Shipping








Spalding TF-1000 Legacy 74-716E Basketball Size 7 29.5-inch



(1)






$79.99 
 On sale: $64.99
    Sale

In Stock - Ships same day! Free Shipping











Competitive Edge Products, Inc is an authorized distributor of Lifetime Tables, Chairs, Sheds and Basketball Hoops manufactured by Lifetime Products, Inc in Clearfield Utah. We offer volume pricing discounts on the following items: adjustable tables, Lifetime picnic tables, Lifetime Round Tables, chairs, folding tables, table carts, computer chairs, folding chair carts, portable picnic tables and benches. We also carry a nice selection of camping tables and a canvas tent. Purchase your polyethylene high density plastic Lifetime table today. Take a look at our indoor/outdoor Lifetime basketball hoops, basketball rims, portable basketball hoops, portable basketball goals, In-Ground Basketball Systems, and inground basketball hoops.Grab a basketball accessory, browse our swimming pool basketball equipment, or search our top of the line Mammoth Basketball Systems, and basketball backboards. In the exercise category we offer home fitness equipment, exercise bikes, stationary bikes, mini steppers, speed training and other exercise equipment.View our home office furniture for office desks, leather office chairs, recliner chairs, stacking chairs and executive chairs. Multiple colors of computer chairs, computer desks and reception desks are for sale. Entertainment centers are available for your audio visual needs. Our lightweight Lifetime plastic tables are high quality, robust and easy to transport. Also view our Lifetime tables and chairs furniture. We also offer 4 packs of many versions of our plastic table and plastic chair for discounted shipping rates. Local pickup available on many items in Utah, Colorado and North Carolina. New to our lineup include Performance Design Big Stuff Play sets and Swing Sets We have recently added many from new suppliers that have added a very well rounded selection of Basketball Systems, exercise equipment, and office furniture. These new suppliers include Goalsetter Basketball Systems, Solo Sports, and Escalade Sports. Through these additions, we have added products including Goalrilla basketball hoops, Stiga table tennis tables, inversion tables, dart boards, etc.Click the volume pricing links to view discounted rates. CEP offers one of the largest selections of Lifetime Products competitive edge Sports Equipment and Furniture on the web! We offer free shipping on orders over $1500 and offer shipping discounts on bulk orders. We can match or beat almost any online price on Life time tables and chairs. Manufacturer's full warranty included on purchases. View our many Competitive Edge Product category pages for our large selection of items. 





































Quick View






CCOP Stock Price - Competitive Cos. Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








07/21

Charges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy



07/21

Goodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  



07/21

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay



07/21

Amazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review



07/21

Hawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack



07/21

 California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite



07/21

Spicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job



07/21

Updated
Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 



07/21

Updated
If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich



07/21

Updated
5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


CCOP


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



CCOP
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Competitive Cos. Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateCCOPAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0101



-0.0199
-66.33%






Previous Close




$0.0300





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




82.45% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    41.1K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 49.9K
            





Open: 0.0176
Close: 0.0101



0.0100
Day Low/High
0.0181





Day Range



0.0035
52 Week Low/High
0.0550


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0176



Day Range
0.0100 - 0.0181



52 Week Range
0.0035 - 0.0550



Market Cap
$9.97M



Shares Outstanding
332.37M



Public Float
319.99M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$9.84K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.01



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
49.86K




 


Performance




5 Day


-54.71%







1 Month


-63.67%







3 Month


-57.92%







YTD


-66.33%







1 Year


-35.67%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC
10-Q: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC

May. 15, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K/A: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC


Apr. 3, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC


Mar. 31, 2017 at 7:34 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC


Aug. 12, 2016 at 12:39 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Shure Recognized with Frost & Sullivan's Company of the Year Award in the Professional and Commercial Microphones Market
Shure Recognized with Frost & Sullivan's Company of the Year Award in the Professional and Commercial Microphones Market

Jun. 13, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Wytec Retains Tech CMO to Guide Marketing Strategy and Data Insights
Wytec Retains Tech CMO to Guide Marketing Strategy and Data Insights

Apr. 28, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Worldwide Exploration and Production (E&P) Software Market is Expected to Reach a Valuation of US$14.7 bn by 2024: High Acceptance of Technology to Reduce Carbon Footprint to Benefit Market, Observes TMR


Feb. 20, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Critical Control Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Nov. 9, 2016 at 9:03 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





OptioLabs Named a Finalist for the 10th 
      Annual CTIA Emerging Technology Awards


Aug. 17, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











Competitive Cos. Inc.


            
            Competitive Cos., Inc. operates as a holding company. It provides next generation fixed and mobile wireless broadband Internet services nationally and internationally to wholesale, retail and enterprise customers. Its subsidiaries include Wylink, Inc., which operates and manages a unique sales organization engaged in the sale of Federal Communications Commission registered links; and Wireless Wisconsin LLC, which provides high-speed wireless Internet connections to residents in rural communities, as well as web hosting, dial-up, and other commercial services throughout rural Wisconsin. The company was founded in March 1998 and is headquartered San Antonio, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Shenandoah Telecommunications Co.
-0.64%
$1.52B


Verizon Communications Inc.
0.02%
$180.39B


NeuStar Inc. Cl A
0.00%
$1.86B


Vonage Holdings Corp.
-0.15%
$1.46B


Telephone & Data Systems Inc.
0.71%
$3.1B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





KMX

2.66%








KTOS

0.41%








GES

-1.56%








MA

0.62%








PSX

0.59%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:28 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:28 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




3:28 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































CCOP Stock Price - Competitive Cos. Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








07/21

Charges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy



07/21

Goodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  



07/21

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay



07/21

Amazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review



07/21

Hawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack



07/21

 California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite



07/21

Spicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job



07/21

Updated
Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 



07/21

Updated
If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich



07/21

Updated
5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


CCOP


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



CCOP
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Competitive Cos. Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateCCOPAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0101



-0.0199
-66.33%






Previous Close




$0.0300





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




82.45% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    41.1K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 49.9K
            





Open: 0.0176
Close: 0.0101



0.0100
Day Low/High
0.0181





Day Range



0.0035
52 Week Low/High
0.0550


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0176



Day Range
0.0100 - 0.0181



52 Week Range
0.0035 - 0.0550



Market Cap
$9.97M



Shares Outstanding
332.37M



Public Float
319.99M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$9.84K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.01



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
49.86K




 


Performance




5 Day


-54.71%







1 Month


-63.67%







3 Month


-57.92%







YTD


-66.33%







1 Year


-35.67%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC
10-Q: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC

May. 15, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K/A: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC


Apr. 3, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC


Mar. 31, 2017 at 7:34 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: COMPETITIVE COMPANIES INC


Aug. 12, 2016 at 12:39 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Shure Recognized with Frost & Sullivan's Company of the Year Award in the Professional and Commercial Microphones Market
Shure Recognized with Frost & Sullivan's Company of the Year Award in the Professional and Commercial Microphones Market

Jun. 13, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Wytec Retains Tech CMO to Guide Marketing Strategy and Data Insights
Wytec Retains Tech CMO to Guide Marketing Strategy and Data Insights

Apr. 28, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Worldwide Exploration and Production (E&P) Software Market is Expected to Reach a Valuation of US$14.7 bn by 2024: High Acceptance of Technology to Reduce Carbon Footprint to Benefit Market, Observes TMR


Feb. 20, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Critical Control Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Nov. 9, 2016 at 9:03 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





OptioLabs Named a Finalist for the 10th 
      Annual CTIA Emerging Technology Awards


Aug. 17, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











Competitive Cos. Inc.


            
            Competitive Cos., Inc. operates as a holding company. It provides next generation fixed and mobile wireless broadband Internet services nationally and internationally to wholesale, retail and enterprise customers. Its subsidiaries include Wylink, Inc., which operates and manages a unique sales organization engaged in the sale of Federal Communications Commission registered links; and Wireless Wisconsin LLC, which provides high-speed wireless Internet connections to residents in rural communities, as well as web hosting, dial-up, and other commercial services throughout rural Wisconsin. The company was founded in March 1998 and is headquartered San Antonio, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Shenandoah Telecommunications Co.
-0.64%
$1.52B


Verizon Communications Inc.
0.02%
$180.39B


NeuStar Inc. Cl A
0.00%
$1.86B


Vonage Holdings Corp.
-0.15%
$1.46B


Telephone & Data Systems Inc.
0.71%
$3.1B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





KMX

2.66%








KTOS

0.41%








GES

-1.56%








MA

0.62%








PSX

0.59%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.



















Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



  Contact Us | CCI Competitive Companies, Inc.

































CCI US News







Contact Us
Headquarters
Tina Bagley
Manager of Corporate Affairs/Operations
Competitive Companies, Inc.
19206 Huebner Rd Suite #202
San Antonio, Texas 78258
(210) 233-8980
tbagley@cci-us.com
Press Releases












  CCOP:OTC US Stock Quote - Competitive Cos Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Competitive Cos Inc   CCOP:US   OTC US        0.01USD   0.02   66.33%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   0.02    Day Range   0.01 - 0.02    Volume   41,110    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.06    1 Yr Return   -35.62%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.02    Day Range   0.01 - 0.02    Volume   41,110    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.06    1 Yr Return   -35.62%    YTD Return   -66.33%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   10.16    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (m USD)   3.357    Shares Outstanding  (m)   332.365    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/13/2017   Allergan Lends Support to Broaden Uterine Fibroid Awareness Month     4/28/2017   Wytec Retains Tech CMO to Guide Marketing Strategy and Data Insights    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Competitive Companies, Inc. provides a wide range of telecommunications services. The Company's services include local telephone, long distance service, and high speed Internet service through wireless Internet networks. Competitive also offers cellular services.    Address  19206 Huebner RoadSuite 202San Antonio, TX 78258United States   Phone  1-210-233-8980   Website   www.cci-us.com     Executives Board Members    William H Gray  Chairman/President/CEO/CFO/Secy     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Popular Competitive Products-Buy Cheap Competitive Products lots from China Competitive Products suppliers on Aliexpress.com




 







































 







Buyer Protection
Help

Customer Service
Disputes & Reports


Save big on our app!









CATEGORIAS



AliExpress




Cart0
Wish List


Sign in|Join  
My AliExpress(0)



Sign Out


Sign in
Sign in with      


New Customer?
Join Free



My AliExpress
My Orders
Message Center
Wish List
My Favorite Stores
My Coupons














All Categories















Home
						>
		
	
											Popular
						>
		
	
														competitive products Results								
	



English


Pусский


Português


bahasa Indonesia


Español


Français


Deutsch


Italiano


日本語


한국어


Nederlands


اللغة العربي


עברית


tiếng Việt


ภาษาไทย


Türk


Polska





Related Searches:


													eltron p420c											

													wanted productions											

													wall change											

													wanted product											

													eltron p310											



													warmer bag baby											

													ei system 4413											

													war production											

													warn products											

View More





Found 267
Product(s)
		 for competitive products


        
		See competitive products Price Trend  on Aliexpress.com 











Photo Album 6 Inch Love Restore Ancient Ways Youth Memorial Book Graduation Competitive Products 101 -200 sheets




                                    Rated 5.0/5 based on 34 customer reviews
                                

Feedback(34)
|

  Orders  (50)


									                                                                					Brand Name: None
            				                                                                					; Cover Material: Wood;Wooden
        				                                                                    					; Binding: Wire Binding
        				                                                                    					; Style: Loose-leaf Photo Album
        				                                                                    					; Type: Sticky Type
        				                                                				            


SKU Co., Ltd. Store






US $4.83 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Tuba Alloy Screw Lock Not Special Competitive Products Alloy Dismounting Toys Series Hanayama Unlocking


									                                                                					Brand Name: butebuy
            				                                                                					; Puzzle Style: 3D Puzzle
        				                                                                    					; Style: Geometric Shape
        				                                                                    					; Age Range: > 6 years old
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: BT007
        				                                                				            


Challenger Model






US $8.21 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















competitive products 6X30MM flatback Crystal glass Water drop shape rhinestone DIY Apparel accessories 50PCS/pack




                                    Rated 4.9/5 based on 405 customer reviews
                                

Feedback(405)
|

  Orders  (232)


									                                                                					Product Type: Rhinestones
            				                                                                					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Technics: Hot-Fix
        				                                                                    					; Material: Glass
        				                                                                    					; Size: 6x30mm
        				                                                                    					; Use: Bags
        				                                                                    					; Use: Garment
        				                                                				            


Lalaw rhinestones Store






US $3.38 - 3.80 / Pack 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 Pack















2012 shipping hot sale new men women lady silver Antique Pocket Watch Necklace Chain competitive products bamboo leaves wp014


									                                                                					Gender: Unisex
            				                                                                					; Pendants Type: Solitaire
        				                                                                    					; Material: Metal
        				                                                                    					; Style: Trendy
        				                                                                    					; Metals Type: Tin Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Shape\pattern: Round
        				                                                				            


GZ handmade Store






US $12.80 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















5 PCS JIANZI Badminton Shuttlecock Badminton Cheap Fun Gifts Chinese Traditional Shuttlecock Competition Products Lenwave Brand



 Order  (1)


									                                                                					Feather Material: Class B Duck Feather
            				                                                                					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: LW--0411
        				                                                                    					; Classification: Duck Feather Ball
        				                                                				            


China Lenwave Sports Company






US $1.94 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 5 pieces















Free shipping 40g thin competitive products Line DIY manual Weave full cotton Material Science video Material Science package



  Orders  (13)


									                                                                					Brand Name: None
            				                                                                					; Material: 100% Cotton
        				                                                                    					; Pattern: Dyed
        				                                                                    					; Yarn Type: Spun
        				                                                                    					; Use: Knitting
        				                                                                    					; Use: Crochet
        				                                                                    					; Use: Hand Knitting
        				                                                				            


DIY & HOME






US $4.01 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















QN Korea Down Exceed Competitive Products Natural Crystal Multicolor Paris Latest Model Special Show Bracelet


									                                                                					Model Number: qnw2170
            				                                                                					; Setting Type: Glue
        				                                                                    					; Shape\pattern: Lock
        				                                                                    					; Gender: Women
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: HAOMOU
        				                                                				            


HAOMOU Official Store






US $2.22 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Fashion PUNK Ornaments Competitive Products Skeleton Head Man Titanium Steel Ring Heat Sell cool vintage Recommend Best stonery


									                                                                					Brand Name: Vicky times
            				                                                                					; Gender: Men
        				                                                                    					; Metals Type: Titanium Steel
        				                                                                    					; Occasion: Party
        				                                                                    					; Style: Punk
        				                                                                    					; Shape\pattern: Skeleton
        				                                                				            


Shop2943214 Store






US $8.31 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















AMUMIU Titanium Steel Dragon Necklace Man Competitive Products Cut Nation Wind Personality Stainless Steel HZP232


									                                                                					Item Type: Necklaces
            				                                                                					; Fine or Fashion: Fashion
        				                                                                    					; Chain Type: Link Chain
        				                                                                    					; Necklace Type: Pendant Necklaces
        				                                                				            


AMUMIU Zoe Store






US $6.99 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products 68dl .325" .050(1.3mm) For Wood Cutting Chainsaw Chains


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $14.98 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















QN Caribbean Pirate Forever Love skeleton Head Anchor Leather Rope Competitive Products Shop Pendant Necklace


									                                                                					Shape\pattern: Anchor
            				                                                                					; Model Number: qnn1031
        				                                                                    					; Style: Vintage
        				                                                                    					; Pendant Size: Independent packaging
        				                                                                    					; Gender: Men
        				                                                				            


HAOMOU Official Store






US $2.24 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Photo Album 6 Inch Love Restore Ancient Ways Youth Memorial Book Graduation Competitive Products 101 -200 sheets



  Orders  (8)


									                                                                					Brand Name: GOULELU
            				                                                                					; Cover Material: Wood;Wooden
        				                                                                    					; Binding: Wire Binding
        				                                                                    					; Style: Loose-leaf Photo Album
        				                                                                    					; Type: Interleaf Type
        				                                                				            


Cheaper wholesale shop






US $9.08 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















1PCS TOUCHENEW Quality Goods 150 Oiliness Both Watercolor Point U.S.A Three Blessing Marc Pen Effect Hand Competitive Products




                                    Rated 5.0/5 based on 1 customer reviews
                                

Feedback(1)
|

  Orders  (8)


									                                                                					Brand Name: TOUCHNEW
            				                                                                					; Model Number: 152 colors
        				                                                                    					; Type: Art Marker
        				                                                				            


H Stationery






US $0.79 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Simulation Shoe Shoe Competition Kit [Electronic product assembly and debugging, competition Zhenti] module


									                                                                					Dissipation Power: datasheet
            				                                                                					; is_customized: Yes
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: KAI TUO DA
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: title & photo
        				                                                				            


Manufacturer of Module Store






US $34.71 / piece 

Min. Order: 1 piece















Photo Album 6 Inch Love Restore Ancient Ways Youth Memorial Book Graduation Competitive Products 101 -200 sheets



  Orders  (2)


									                                                                					Brand Name: Meigar
            				                                                                					; Style: Modern
        				                                                                    					; with picture card: No
        				                                                                    					; Type: Photo Frame
        				                                                                    					; Material: Wood
        				                                                                    					; Shape: Rectangle
        				                                                				            


Homelike Store






US $4.83 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products 62dl .325" .050(1.3mm) For Wood Cutting Chainsaw Chains


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $13.98 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















QN Man Snake Weave Cat Eye Titanium Steel Bracelet Ornaments Entity Shop Competitive Products Free Shippng


									                                                                					Item Type: Bracelets
            				                                                                					; Fine or Fashion: Fashion
        				                                                                    					; Bracelets Type: Hologram Bracelets
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: HAOMOU
        				                                                				            


HAOMOU Official Store






US $4.88 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products Necklace - European Fashion Metal Shine Concise Circle Tassels Long Money Chain / Ma'am Sweater Chain



 Order  (1)


									                                                                					Brand Name: WEIXUANYA
            				                                                                					; Metals Type: Silver
        				                                                                    					; Gender: Women
        				                                                                    					; Necklace Type: Power Necklaces
        				                                                                    					; Style: Cute/Romantic
        				                                                				            


WEIXUANYA handmade Store






US $2.68 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products 3/8" .050 68dl Chains Fit For Chainsaws 72DG-68U


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $14.99 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Hot sale acoustic guitar straps, electric guitar straps, competitive product bass straps


									                                                                					Brand Name: None
            				                                                                					; Model Number: S001
        				                                                				            


ELEGANCE AS YOU MUSICAL INSTRUMENT STORE






US $7.90 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















ZIRIS source jew fashion bracelet rivets buckle women men competitive products bracelets



 Order  (1)


									                                                                					Item Type: Bracelets
            				                                                                					; Fine or Fashion: Fashion
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: st6678
        				                                                                    					; Style: Classic
        				                                                                    					; Metals Type: Lead-tin Alloy
        				                                                				            


STjewelry Store






US $2.25 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















QN 2016 New Caribbean Pirate Jewelry Pendant Men's Exotic Emotional Appeal Necklace Competitive Products Shop



  Orders  (2)


									                                                                					Shape\pattern: Skeleton
            				                                                                					; Model Number: qnn5032
        				                                                                    					; Style: Trendy
        				                                                                    					; Pendant Size: alloy
        				                                                                    					; Gender: Men
        				                                                                    					; Necklace Type: Box
        				                                                				            


HAOMOU Official Store






US $2.58 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Titanium Steel Arrogance Dragon Necklace Man Competitive Products Cut Nation Wind Personality Stainless Steel Ornament


									                                                                					Item Type: Necklaces
            				                                                                					; Fine or Fashion: Fashion
        				                                                                    					; Necklace Type: Power Necklaces
        				                                                                    					; Pendant Size: Necklace
        				                                                                    					; Style: Ethnic
        				                                                				            


Shop2943214 Store






US $12.21 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products 3/8lp" .050 68dl Chains Fit For Chainsaws


									                                                                					Brand Name: None
            				                                                                					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; DIY Supplies: Woodworking
        				                                                                    					; is_customized: Yes
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: 3/8lp
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $14.99 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products 3/8" .050 64dl Chains Fit For Chainsaws 72DG-64U




                                    Rated 5.0/5 based on 2 customer reviews
                                

Feedback(2)
|

  Orders  (2)


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $13.89 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Photo Album 6 Inch Love Restore Ancient Ways Youth Memorial Book Graduation Competitive Products 101 -200 sheets


									                                                                					Brand Name: GOULELU
            				                                                                					; Cover Material: Wood;Wooden
        				                                                                    					; Binding: Wire Binding
        				                                                                    					; Style: Loose-leaf Photo Album
        				                                                                    					; Type: Interleaf Type
        				                                                				            


Cheapar  Store






US $5.50 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















12/24/36/48Color Color Neutral Diamonds Head Fluorescent Flash Of Light Powder Colour Pen Competitive Products Boxed Plastic


									                                                                					Brand Name: baile
            				                                                                					; Model Number: hp2015
        				                                                                    					; Writing Point: 0.8mm
        				                                                                    					; Erasable Or Not: No
        				                                                                    					; Material: Plastic
        				                                                				            


H Stationery






US $7.71 - 21.59 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















HOOPET pet products Pet Leashes dog competition nylon leash S several colors # T



  Orders  (2)


									                                                                					Type: Dogs
            				                                                                					; Pattern: Solid
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: Hoopet
        				                                                                    					; Type: Collars
        				                                                                    					; Season: All Seasons
        				                                                				            


HOOPET






US $3.23 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















QN Korean Ornaments Female Stars Tassels Filled With Magazine Fund Non-rust Just Competitive Products Decorative Bracelet


									                                                                					Model Number: qnw2211
            				                                                                					; Setting Type: Bezel Setting
        				                                                                    					; Shape\pattern: Feather
        				                                                                    					; Gender: Women
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: HAOMOU
        				                                                				            


HAOMOU Official Store






US $2.58 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products .325"- .050" 72dl Gasoline Chainsaw Chains



 Order  (1)


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $17.28 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















2017 Summer competitive products kids clothes girls' all-match skirts princess skirt colourful tiered skirt 8color 33.4 usd=5pcs


									                                                                					Department Name: Children
            				                                                                					; Pattern Type: Solid
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: 6806
        				                                                                    					; Dresses Length: Above Knee, Mini
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: Little maven
        				                                                				            


mom love baby love Store






US $13.69 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products .325"- .058" 64dl Chainsaw Chains




                                    Rated 5.0/5 based on 6 customer reviews
                                

Feedback(6)
|

  Orders  (6)


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $15.89 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















Competitive Products 3/8" .050 81dl Chains Fit For Chainsaws 72DG-81U


									                                                                					is_customized: Yes
            				                                                                					; Structure: Tooth Chain
        				                                                                    					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Alloy
        				                                                                    					; Standard or Nonstandard: Standard
        				                                                				            


Zhejiang Hexun Development Co., Ltd






US $19.89 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















New Product Korean Fashion Competitive Products Hand Decorate Temperament White Zirconium Stone Openings Concise Ring


									                                                                					Brand Name: WEIXUANYA
            				                                                                					; Gender: Women
        				                                                                    					; Metals Type: Copper
        				                                                                    					; Material: Stone
        				                                                                    					; Occasion: Wedding
        				                                                                    					; Style: Trendy
        				                                                				            


WEIXUANYA handmade Store






US $2.96 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece















New style 7x12mm 1 yards competitive products Bread shaped rhinestone chain DIY/Mobile shell/clothing accessories




                                    Rated 5.0/5 based on 3 customer reviews
                                

Feedback(3)
|

 Order  (1)


									                                                                					Product Type: Rhinestones
            				                                                                					; Brand Name: None
        				                                                                    					; Material: Crystal
        				                                                                    					; Size: 7x12mm
        				                                                                    					; Model Number: D362
        				                                                                    					; Style: Pointback
        				                                                                    					; Use: Bags
        				                                                				            


Lalaw rhinestones Store






US $4.90 / yard 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 yard















Competitive Product Dual SSD upgrade RAID kit for MACPRO with Dual Bracket-RAID card-Combination Cable Upgrade Kit Series


									                                                                					Type: Add On Cards
            				                                                                					; Brand Name: DEBROGLIE
        				                                                				            


 Huazhendun Technology Co., Ltd.






US $69.00 / piece 

					 						Free Shipping
					 		         		

Min. Order: 1 piece








8pctgRBMALOErDitYzPFpDN8m6vabHV96wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALMsjpEMGP01J724yKT0zyZn;8pctgRBMALPwiSAORoP+cEZDHD4573Tb6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPcEnYoaV3UPFxe65d2OjE9;8pctgRBMALN12bN4dgZW+7VZH8xSWrLg;8pctgRBMALNhfRTejp6Hhv6LQ1qFjdth;8pctgRBMALPIXCAreJ/xgMPBMFNb5M8p6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALO4B/UKFNnT/giqxyG1oUsU6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALNrpLUQ6K4sYWQOI5VBH5fY;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALPIXCAreJ/xgMPBMFNb5M8p6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALNZq9U/MC+MnoNnp7JKrcOE;8pctgRBMALMlYvf871NT5F/2eRfEEtCj6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPdJC6LKpucZN2G/BdCHFHx;8pctgRBMALMEzwEZ7wNrc9wftwZFHuCd6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALPIXCAreJ/xgMPBMFNb5M8p6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPqL+m78U6MMSkl4xZGF3Zv;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALMP8aBEdTyjECYZStUk/cKe;8pctgRBMALMoQkpy01pn3hgKqv4Gdgvo6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPIXCAreJ/xgMPBMFNb5M8p6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALO4B/UKFNnT/giqxyG1oUsU6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALMRe0g8chRdZB1Z6Ftv4CDa;8pctgRBMALMlYvf871NT5F/2eRfEEtCj6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALMVuZAE7tI+xzlShLDsAzIZ;8pctgRBMALPIXCAreJ/xgMPBMFNb5M8p6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALNkoHASO0t189XxSLq59g2J6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALN5vYKmwc/I9NTnxM0tIaXE;8pctgRBMALPqL+m78U6MMSkl4xZGF3Zv;8pctgRBMALPwiSAORoP+cEZDHD4573Tb6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALNF6clvqJyTn0zg+GH9Sj9f6wdkfYSa+s4=


    		 Page 1 of 8 

Previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next

        Go to Page
        







View More 

						
				wholesale competitive products:
				
				
wholesale competitive shopping
wholesale elitebook 8540w
wholesale ei system
wholesale washable diaper bag
wholesale wall diaper organizer
wholesale wanted products
wholesale electric current adapters
wholesale ei system 4411
wholesale ei system 4406



								competitive products Promotion:
						
lifestyle products Promotion
brooks products Promotion
products gays Promotion
lin products Promotion
fats products Promotion
m&s products Promotion
labor products Promotion
hana products Promotion
priest products Promotion



								competitive products Price:
						
warp production Price
warm springs productions Price
competitive shopping Price
elitebook 8540w Price
ei system Price
washable diaper bag Price
wall diaper organizer Price
wanted products Price
electric current adapters Price



										Cheap competitive products:
								
Cheap ei system 4411
Cheap ei system 4406
Cheap eltron p420c
Cheap ei system 4413
Cheap eltron p310
Cheap wanted productions
Cheap wanted product
Cheap wall change
Cheap war production



								competitive products Reviews :
						
historical products Reviews
extremely products Reviews
moc products Reviews
sliming products Reviews
rehabilitation products Reviews
products flannels Reviews
youngs products Reviews
favourite products Reviews
adams products Reviews









        Related Categories
      



Beauty & Health




Slimming Creams








Electronic Components & Supplies




Integrated Circuits








Home Improvement






Toys & Hobbies






Women's Clothing & Accessories






Jewelry






Home & Garden






Sports & Entertainment






Automobiles & Motorcycles






Computer & Office






Lights & Lighting






Office & School Supplies






Consumer Electronics






Mother & Kids






Security & Protection






Novelty & Special Use Clothing






Weddings & Events






Phones & Telecommunications






Furniture




See all 19 Categories


 






AliExpress Mobile App Search Anywhere,Anytime!   Scan or click to download 


















Help
Customer Service, Disputes & Reports, Making Payment, Delivery Options, Buyer Protection, New User Guide, Intellectual Property Protection




AliExpress Multi-Language Sites
Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Arabic, Hebrew, Polish





Browse by Category
All Popular, Product, Promotion, Low Price, Great Value, Retail, Reviews, China Brands




Alibaba Group
Alibaba Group Website, AliExpress, Alimama, Alipay, Fliggy, Alibaba Cloud, Alibaba International, AliTelecom, DingTalk, Juhuasuan, Taobao Markertplace, Tmall, Xiami, YunOS, 1688


Google PlayApp Store



Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2017 AliExpress.com. All rights reserved.


















Hair Extensions &amp; Wigs Verzeichnis von Wigs, Accessories &amp; Tools und mehr auf Aliexpress.com




























 







Buyer Protection
Help

Customer Service
Disputes & Reports


Save big on our app!









CATEGORIAS



AliExpress




Cart0
Wish List


Sign in|Join  
My AliExpress(0)



Sign Out


Sign in
Sign in with      


New Customer?
Join Free



My AliExpress
My Orders
Message Center
Wish List
My Favorite Stores
My Coupons














Alle Kategorien




















Home
> Alle Kategorien
> 
 Hair Extensions & Wigs




36,924 Ergebnisse
	    	

	    
			    	    > 














Preis:
 -


OK





                		8.0% der Benutzer haben Produkte in dieser Preisklasse gekauft.
                		






                		31.0% der Benutzer haben Produkte in dieser Preisklasse gekauft.
                		






                		49.0% der Benutzer haben Produkte in dieser Preisklasse gekauft.
                		






                		11.0% der Benutzer haben Produkte in dieser Preisklasse gekauft.
                		






                		2.0% der Benutzer haben Produkte in dieser Preisklasse gekauft.
                		











Kostenloser Versand
 



oder mehr
 


App Nur Angebote




Lokale Rücksende

More
 












 Sehen:


 

Schiff aus

 
Sortieren nach:


Beste Übereinstimmung


Bestellungen


Neueste


Verkäuferbewertung


Preis



Beste Übereinstimmung


Beste Übereinstimmung


Bestellungen


Neueste


Verkäuferbewertung


Preis: aufsteigend


Preis: absteigend

















Ali Sky Brazilian straight virgin hair Natural Black 100% human hair Weave thick bundles 8-26inch freeshipping can be permed


US $16.35 - 52.95
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(9)
|

 Bestellungen (39)















Ali Sky Hair




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















New Star Hair Brazilian Body Wave Virgin Hair Weaving One Bundle 10"- 30"Inch Natural Color 100% Unprocessed Human Hair


US $36.54 - 74.82
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(266)
|

 Bestellungen (364)















NEW STAR Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Ali Sky Malaysian Loose Wave Bundles Natural Black Virgin Hair Weaving 1pc 100% Human Hair Extensions Can buy 3 or 4 bundles


US $16.92 - 46.53
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(17)
|

 Bestellungen (78)















Ali Sky Hair




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















ALot Hair Peruvian Straight Hair Weave Bundles Human Hair Extensions 8-28Inch Natural Color Non Remy Hair Can Be Dyed Ships Free


US $13.34 - 46.92
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(71)
|

 Bestellungen (196)















ALOT Virgin Hair Factory Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Rosabeauty 10 Pieces/Set Clip In Human Hair Extensions Body Wave Natural Color 140G Remy Hair 14-22 inch


US $56.99 - 78.01
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(5)
|

 Bestellungen (21)










rosabeauty Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















[Ali Sky]Brazilian Body Wave Remy Hair Bundles 100% Human Hair Weaving double weft Natural Black Color Free Shipping


US $16.92 - 46.53
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(22)
|

 Bestellungen (29)















Ali Sky Hair




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Hot Beauty Hair Brazilian Kinky Curly Short Wig 8'' 10'' Can Be Dyed Full 310g 100% Remy Human Hair Wigs Natural Black Color


US $56.38 - 66.24
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(34)
|

 Bestellungen (223)










hot beauty hair official store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Mornice Hair Brazilian Body Wave Remy Hair 100% Human Hair Weave Natural Color Hair Bundles 100g 1 Bundle Free Shipping 12"-26"


US $21.79 - 50.84
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(146)
|

 Bestellungen (568)















Mornice Hair Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Oulaer Natural Wave Brazilian Non-Remy Pre Plucked lace Front Wigs Short Bob Natural Color Human Hair wigs


US $118.00 - 173.00
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(12)
|

 Bestellungen (80)










Luffy Wig Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Rosa beauty 360 Lace Frontal Closure Straight Remy Hair Natural Hairline With Baby Hair 100% Human Hair Free Shipping


US $81.35 - 130.30
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(6)
|

 Bestellungen (24)










rosabeauty Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Ariel Brazilian Body Wave Hair Weave Bundles 100% Non Remy Human Hair Bundles 8"-26" Natural Color Free Shipping


US $16.34 - 55.56
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(17)
|

 Bestellungen (39)















Ariel Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















HOTLOVE Hair Brazilian Straight Hair Bundles Human Hair Extensions 10-28 Inch Natural Color Remy Hair Weave 1 Piece Can Be Dyed


US $16.05 - 46.51
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(79)
|

 Bestellungen (183)















HOTLOVE Virgin Hair Factory Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Ali Berrys Hair Deep Wave Brazilian Hair Weave Bundles Remy Hair Weaving Extensions 10"-28" Human Hair Bundles Free Shipping


US $17.63 - 45.39
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(20)
|

 Bestellungen (66)















Ali Berrys Hair Franchised Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Modern Show Hair Brazilian Water Wave 100% Natural Human Hair Weave Bundles Remy Hair Extensions 10-28 inch Can Buy 3/4 Bundles


US $19.11 - 61.41
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(45)
|

 Bestellungen (111)















Modern Show Hair Products Co.,Ltd.




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Brazilian Body Wave Human Hair Extension 100% Remy Hair Weave Bundles Natural Black Color Dreaming Queen Hair Products


US $20.40 - 63.00
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(28)
|

 Bestellungen (33)










DREAMING QUEEN HAIR Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















[Mealid] Peruvian Straight Hair Weave Bundles One Piece Can Buy 3 Or 4 Bundles Non-remy Color 1B 8"-28" Human Hair Extensions


US $11.60 - 44.20
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(15)
|

 Bestellungen (52)










Mealid Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Mornice Hair Brazilian Straight Hair 100% Remy Human Hair Weave 1 Bundle Free Shipping Natural Black 12inch to 26inch 100g


US $21.79 - 50.84
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(135)
|

 Bestellungen (316)















Mornice Hair Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Spark Hair 3 Tone Ombre Brazilian Body Wave Hair Color 1b/4/30 100% Remy Human Hair Weave Bundles 12-26 inch Free Shipping


US $21.01 - 47.69
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(23)
|

 Bestellungen (148)










SPARK Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Queen Hair Products Brazilian Hair Body Wave Bundles 100% Human Remy Hair Weave Natural Color 8"- 30" Free Shipping


US $22.65 - 67.89
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(142)
|

 Bestellungen (498)










Queen Hair Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Mesariel Brazilian Body Wave Bundles Free Shipping Non-Remy Hair 8-28inch Natural Color 100 Human Hair Weave Extensions


US $11.91 - 46.15
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(24)
|

 Bestellungen (62)










Mesariel Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















AliBlissWig Lace Front Human Hair Wigs For Black Women #1B Color Brazilian Non-remy Hair Kinky Straight Wigs With Baby Hair


US $73.99 - 169.13
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(7)
|

 Bestellungen (23)















ALI BLISS WIG Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















ISEE Brazilian Body Wave Bundles Human Hair 100% Remy Hair Extension Nature Color Hair Weaving Free Shipping


US $28.60 - 65.70
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(52)
|

 Bestellungen (184)















ISEE Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Mesariel Brazilian Straight Hair Bundles Non-Remy Hair Free Shipping Natural Black Color 100% Human Hair Weave


US $11.91 - 46.15
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(11)
|

 Bestellungen (38)










Mesariel Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Hot Beauty Hair T4/613 Blonde Color 18 24 inch Brazilian Body Wave Remy Hair Full Lace Wigs Hand Made Human Hair Wig


US $323.40 - 421.30
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand


 Bestellung (1)










hot beauty hair official store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















AliBlissWig Glueless 360 Lace Human Hair Wigs For Black Women Yaki Straight High Density Natural Color Brazilian Remy Hair 150%


US $93.02 - 183.93
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(11)
|

 Bestellungen (12)















ALI BLISS WIG Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Brazilian Straight Human Hair Bundles Weave 100% Remy Human Hair Extension Natural Black Color Dreaming Queen Hair Products


US $20.40 - 63.00
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(24)
|

 Bestellungen (42)










DREAMING QUEEN HAIR Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Yvonne Kinky Straight Brazilian Virgin Hair 1 Piece Natural Color 100% Human Hair Weaving Free shipping


US $42.94 - 62.75
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(48)
|

 Bestellungen (74)










YVONNE Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















New Star Hair Natural Wave Brazilian Virgin Hair Bundles Natural Color 100% Unprocessed Human Hair Weaving Machine Double Weft


US $37.70 - 75.40
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(38)
|

 Bestellungen (39)















NEW STAR Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















AliBlissWig Kinky Straight Full Lace Human Hair Wigs For Black Women Natural Color 130% Density Brazilian Remy Hair Hand Tied


US $112.48 - 207.71
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(1)
|

 Bestellungen (7)















ALI BLISS WIG Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















YVONNE Kinky Curly Brazilian Virgin Hair 1 Piece Natural Color 100% Human Hair Weaving Free shipping


US $35.45 - 72.02
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(380)
|

 Bestellungen (697)










YVONNE Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















New Star Peruvian Straight Virgin Hair Weaving Natural Color 1 Piece 100% Unprocessed Human Hair Weft Bundles Free Shipping


US $31.72 - 67.08
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(153)
|

 Bestellungen (222)















NEW STAR Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















V Only Virgo Human Hair Bundles Peruvian Body Wave Hair Weave Non-remy Full Hair Extension 1 Pcs Natural Black Hair


US $13.94 - 48.69
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(38)
|

 Bestellungen (159)















Shop626041 Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Brazilian Body Wave Human Hair 1pcs GEM BEAUTY Hair Products Non Remy Hair Weave Bundles Tissage Bresilienne Can Match Closurre


US $14.60 - 44.12
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(6)
|

 Bestellungen (58)















GEM BEAUTY SUPPLY Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Ali Berrys Hair Brazilian Straight Hair Remy Human Hair Weave Bundles Thick and FulL Double Weft Natural Color Free Shipping


US $16.48 - 44.24
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(27)
|

 Bestellungen (52)















Ali Berrys Hair Franchised Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















[SPARKLE DIVA HAIR] Malaysian Kinky Curly Hair 1 Piece 10"-28" Inch Remy Hair Bundles Natural Color 100% Human Hair Extensions


US $11.13 - 49.45
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(2)
|

 Bestellungen (8)















SPARKLE DIVA Virgin Hair Factory Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Angel Grace Hair Brazilian Straight Hair Weave 100g/Piece Human Hair Bundles Natural Color Remy Hair 10-28 Inch Free Shipping


US $20.25 - 48.08
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(111)
|

 Bestellungen (236)










Angel Grace Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Spark Hair Weaving Indian Body Wave Hair Extensions 1 Piece Remy Human Hair Weave Bundles 8-26 inch Can Be Dyed Free Shipping


US $14.64 - 48.96
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(1)
|

 Bestellungen (7)










SPARK Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















[SPARKLE DIVA HAIR] Brazilian Body Wave Hair Extensions 10-28Inch 100% Remy Human Hair Bundles Natural Black Hair Weave 1 Piece


US $19.38 - 53.14
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(5)
|

 Bestellungen (9)















SPARKLE DIVA Virgin Hair Factory Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Elva Hair Pre Plucked 360 Lace Frontal Closure With Baby Hair Bleached Knots Straight Brazilian Remy Human Hair 10"-22"inch


US $64.26 - 107.88
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(100)
|

 Bestellungen (215)










Elva Hair Factory Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















[Mealid] Brazilian Body Wave Non-remy Hair Weave Bundles One Piece Can Buy 3 Or 4 Bundles 8"-28" Color 1B Human Hair Extensions


US $11.60 - 44.20
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(13)
|

 Bestellungen (25)










Mealid Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















[Mealid] Brazilian Straight Hair Weave Bundles 1 Piece Can Buy 3 Or 4 Bundles Non-remy Color 1B 8"-28" Human Hair Extensions


US $11.81 - 44.98
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(22)
|

 Bestellungen (37)










Mealid Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Spark Brazilian Bouncy Curly Hair Bundles Natural Color Human Hair Extensions 8"-26" Remy Hair Weave Can Be Dyed Free Shipping


US $15.61 - 49.93
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(23)
|

 Bestellungen (130)










SPARK Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Hot Beauty Hair 360 Lace Wig With Bundles Brazilian Straight Remy Hair Pre Plucked Natural Color 100% Human Hair Wig


US $143.33 - 223.25
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(1)
|

 Bestellungen (7)










hot beauty hair official store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Yvonne Malaysian Curly Virgin Hair 1 Piece Natural Color 100% Human Hair Weaving Free shipping


US $42.94 - 72.02
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(102)
|

 Bestellungen (154)










YVONNE Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Beauty Grace Brazilian Straight Hair Weave Bundles Natural Color Remy 100% Human Hair Weaving 10-28 Inch


US $16.10 - 46.88
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(190)
|

 Bestellungen (628)










BEAUTY GRACE Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Angel Grace Hair Brazilian Body Wave Hair Bundles 10~28 Inch Natural Color 100% Human Hair Weaving Free Shipping Remy Hair


US $20.72 - 49.20
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(98)
|

 Bestellungen (148)










Angel Grace Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Elva Hair Pre Plucked 360 Lace Frontal Closure Bleached Knots Body Wave Brazilian Remy Hair With Baby Hair Natural Color 10-22"


US $66.47 - 111.58
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(46)
|

 Bestellungen (88)










Elva Hair Official Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu















Queen like Hair Products 8-28 1 Piece Human Hair Weave Bundle Deals Non Remy Natural Color Brazilian Straight Hair Weave Bundles


US $16.07 - 48.45
/
stück

Kostenloser Versand




(509)
|

 Bestellungen (1455)















Queenlike Unprocessed Virgin Hair Store




Zur Wunschliste hinzu





 

8pctgRBMALMM4mT2lODc0n7u4RGmNcmB;8pctgRBMALN+tEiYUpD4KMyH2q+1bPyu;8pctgRBMALMM4mT2lODc0n7u4RGmNcmB;8pctgRBMALOKp1FjAGElQ8tNvwN4UuYl6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPjM2CNS2Pl8MsEYdtyoOSD;8pctgRBMALMM4mT2lODc0n7u4RGmNcmB;8pctgRBMALPzWInvJMMekLKGluh5AtV9UyQgFHYM+oA=;8pctgRBMALOZ08kQ+pUyiVbzRXcTrdGv;8pctgRBMALM4M8T8u+pENR71F2AnfD6Y;8pctgRBMALPjM2CNS2Pl8MsEYdtyoOSD;8pctgRBMALM4M8T8u+pENT97QQ9hr57U;8pctgRBMALP3ikL58aeaIO0iwZS57QZe;8pctgRBMALPTG9pBnpVDNedCi7TSqZBC;8pctgRBMALPd2BSQO07vsDZ/223dK5K6;8pctgRBMALNAVecx5InkA3+nnYYLeix66wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALMIjbQeNgQ8Qq/WzL9QbPvG;8pctgRBMALOZ08kQ+pUyiVbzRXcTrdGv;8pctgRBMALMW6t82AjIiPOD/cnU25WQs;8pctgRBMALNjogp5AtK6ulEZ+XXcI1pc;8pctgRBMALNY/2eXInhzYNiBIC7ynJXl6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALNlO4hd3PbQa6BbAmA77v4y;8pctgRBMALPVuouKHXIZNtrDA+8cYam1;8pctgRBMALNY/2eXInhzYNiBIC7ynJXl6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPzWInvJMMekLKGluh5AtV9UyQgFHYM+oA=;8pctgRBMALNlO4hd3PbQa6BbAmA77v4y;8pctgRBMALNAVecx5InkA3+nnYYLeix66wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALPmtK/7uy8DiQ==;8pctgRBMALN+tEiYUpD4KMyH2q+1bPyu;8pctgRBMALNlO4hd3PbQa6BbAmA77v4y;8pctgRBMALPmtK/7uy8DiQ==;8pctgRBMALN+tEiYUpD4KMyH2q+1bPyu;8pctgRBMALN89UBxrPP59/5bYp3QwYW/;8pctgRBMALPePF/xM3AH8pCnDnVAz9Fk;8pctgRBMALPTG9pBnpVDNedCi7TSqZBC;8pctgRBMALMuCvjzTo/Wv5ujGPU9ryrq;8pctgRBMALO6tOSNrI706BQFIQIhWqx8;8pctgRBMALMW6t82AjIiPOD/cnU25WQs;8pctgRBMALMuCvjzTo/Wv5ujGPU9ryrq;8pctgRBMALNHj8A21LIMmUzPedWNCWju6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALMIjbQeNgQ8Qq/WzL9QbPvG;8pctgRBMALMIjbQeNgQ8Qq/WzL9QbPvG;8pctgRBMALMW6t82AjIiPOD/cnU25WQs;8pctgRBMALPzWInvJMMekLKGluh5AtV9UyQgFHYM+oA=;8pctgRBMALPmtK/7uy8DiQ==;8pctgRBMALOa7zUZGRqD0pl1uwzllVEZ;8pctgRBMALO6tOSNrI706BQFIQIhWqx8;8pctgRBMALM+pTo8CSwoMUhpE1x5dpwA6wdkfYSa+s4=;8pctgRBMALOCBGNwjBA6Fh7uDsSiYQOI



Vorherige
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Nächstes


209

            Gehen Sie zur Seite
            








Mehr sehen 
 Verwandte Produkte:
peruvian virgin hair
brazilian virgin hair
peruvian hair
brazilian loose wave
micro ring silicone
queen hair
silicone hair extension beads
hair extension hook
malaysian curly hair
hair extension loop brush
wig stands
wig clip


 Werbeaktion:
 straight brazilian virgin hair Werbeaktion
 hairnets Werbeaktion
 virgin peruvian hair Werbeaktion
 brazilian body wave Werbeaktion
 cheap brazilian hair Werbeaktion
 malaysian body wave Werbeaktion
 virgin brazilian hair Werbeaktion
 silk base closure Werbeaktion
 hook needle Werbeaktion


 Preis:
 lace closure Preis
 peruvian body wave Preis
 weaving needle Preis
 indian virgin hair Preis
 kinky straight hair weave Preis
 straight virgin hair Preis
 brazilian straight hair Preis
 weaving needles Preis
 cheap virgin brazilian hair Preis
 nylon hairnet Preis
 hair extension pliers Preis
 cambodian virgin hair Preis


Großhandel :
Großhandel wig stand
Großhandel keratin glue
Großhandel wig clips
Großhandel hair extension iron
Großhandel toupee tape
Großhandel loop brushes
Großhandel malaysian virgin hair
Großhandel hairnet
Großhandel brazilian virgin hair body wave









		Verwandte Kategorien
    



Hair Extensions & Wigs



Human Hair


Wigs


Synthetic Hair


Accessories & Tools







Material Grade




Non-remy Hair


Remy Hair


Virgin Hair


Virgin Hair


Kanekalon


Low Temperature Fiber


High Temperature Fiber








Non-remy Hair





Remy Hair





Virgin Hair





Virgin Hair





Kanekalon





Low Temperature Fiber





High Temperature Fiber












Stretched Length




16inches


12inches


14inches


20inches


10inches


22inches


26inches


18inches


8inches




6inches


24inches


28inches


30inches


32inches


34inches








16inches





12inches





14inches





20inches





10inches





22inches





26inches





18inches





8inches





6inches





24inches





28inches





30inches





32inches





34inches





 Mehr sehen 









Human Hair Type




Brazilian Hair


Peruvian Hair


Malaysia Hair


Indian Hair


European Hair




Chinese Hair


Mongolian Hair


Others








Brazilian Hair





Peruvian Hair





Malaysia Hair





Indian Hair





European Hair





Chinese Hair





Mongolian Hair





Others





 Mehr sehen 









Color




Auburn


Black


Blonde


Blue


Burgundy


Clear


Dark Brown




Gold


Gray


Green


Light Brown


Medium Brown


Multi-Color


Orange


Pink


Purple


Red


Silver


White


Dyed


Not Dyed


Jet-black


Natural Black


Yellow


#1


#1B


#2


#3


#4


#5


#6


#8


#10


#12


#14


#16


#17


#18


#22


#24


#26


#27


#30


#31


#33


#99


#99J


#130


#350


#530








Auburn





Black





Blonde





Blue





Burgundy





Clear





Dark Brown





Gold





Gray





Green





Light Brown





Medium Brown





Multi-Color





Orange





Pink





Purple





Red





Silver





White





Dyed





Not Dyed





Jet-black





Natural Black





Yellow





#1





#1B





#2





#3





#4





#5





#6





#8





#10





#12





#14





#16





#17





#18





#22





#24





#26





#27





#30





#31





#33





#99





#99J





#130





#350





#530





 Mehr sehen 








Mehr Verfeinerung...







AliExpress Mobile App Search Anywhere, Anytime!   Scan or click to download 















Help
Customer Service, Disputes & Reports, Making Payment, Delivery Options, Buyer Protection, New User Guide, Intellectual Property Protection




AliExpress Multi-Language Sites
Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Arabic, Hebrew, Polish





Browse by Category
All Popular, Product, Promotion, Low Price, Great Value, Retail, Reviews, China Brands




Alibaba Group
Alibaba Group Website, AliExpress, Alimama, Alipay, Fliggy, Alibaba Cloud, Alibaba International, AliTelecom, DingTalk, Juhuasuan, Taobao Markertplace, Tmall, Xiami, YunOS, 1688


Google PlayApp Store



Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2017 AliExpress.com. All rights reserved.





































ALIEXPRESS COLLECTIONS

























Buyer Protection
Help

Customer Service
Disputes & Reports


Save big on our app!






CATEGORIES 
AliExpress


Cart0
Wish List


Sign in|Join  
My AliExpress(0)



Sign Out


Sign in
Sign in with    


New Customer?
Join Free



My AliExpress
My Orders
Message Center
Wish List
My Favorite Stores
My Coupons
My Points





    


All Categories

















ALIEXPRESS COLLECTIONS
Discover our daily product collections and get inspired!

SUBSCRIBE

×


GET IT FIRST
Subscribe now to get updates on Women's Clothing



Failed to subscribe. Please try again!
Subscribed successfully!

SUBSCRIBE


Want updates on your app? Scan now














 
 






















All 
Geek 
Trendy 
Lifestyle 
Trend Update 
Blogger Collections 
Top Collections 







				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				



				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				



				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				



				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				



				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				



				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				



				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				





SUBSCRIPTION
Keep up to date with all the deals!



Failed to subscribe. Please try again!
Subscribed successfully!

Subscribe Now













AliExpress Information
About AliExpress, Site Map, Online Shopping, Buy, My Orders, Help Center, Customer Support, AliExpress Seller Center, Mobile Site




AliExpress Multi-Language Sites
Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, French, Indonesian, German, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Arabic, Hebrew





Browse by Category
All Popular, Product, Promotion, Low Price, Great Value, Retail, Reviews, China Brands




Alibaba Group
Alibaba Group Website, AliExpress, Alimama, Alipay, Fliggy, AliCloud, Alibaba International, AliTelecom, Dingtalk, Juhuasuan, Taobao Markertplace, Tmall, Xiami, YunOS, 1688


Google PlayApp Store



AliExpress™© 2010-2016 AliExpress.com. All rights reserved.



 



























Weekly Bestselling - AliExpress.com






















Buyer Protection
Help

Customer Service
Disputes & Reports


Save big on our app!






CATEGORIES 
AliExpress


Cart0
Wish List


Sign in|Join  
My AliExpress(0)



Sign Out


Sign in
Sign in with    


New Customer?
Join Free



My AliExpress
My Orders
Message Center
Wish List
My Favorite Stores
My Coupons
My Points





    


All Categories














BEST SELLING
Our Most Popular Products - Updated Weekly!

Hot Products
Weekly Bestselling




SUBSCRIBE


×


GET IT FIRST
Subscribe now to get updates on Best Selling



Failed to subscribe. Please try again!
Subscribed successfully!

SUBSCRIBE


Want updates on your app? Scan now









TOP SELLING This week's most popular products







CATEGORIES






Women 
Men 
Electronics 
Sports 
Health & Beauty 
Kids & Baby 
Home & Garden 
Automotive 







Women

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Down & ParkasFashion DressesT-ShirtsBlazer & SuitsFur CoatsRingsBraceletsWomen’s BootsPumpsWalletsMessenger BagsGlovesScarvesSunglassesWedding DressesEvening Dresses
View More 


Men

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Winter JacketsShirtsT-ShirtsLeather & SuedeVestsJacketsSuits & BlazersJeansUnderwear
View More 


Electronics

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Tablet PCsTablet AccessoriesLaptop AccessoriesUSB Flash DrivesMice & KeyboardsCell PhonesPhone Bags & CasesExternal Battery PackCell Phone CablesScreen ProtectorsMemory CardsMini CamcordersHeadphonesMP4 PlayersProjectors
View More 


Sports

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Camping & HikingHuntingMusical InstrumentsFishing
View More 


Health & Beauty

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Human HairMakeupShaving & Hair RemovalWigsHair Care & StylingClosuresSynthetic HairNails & ToolsClip-In Hair Extensions
View More 


Kids & Baby

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Children’s Jackets & CoatsGirl’s DressesChildren’s Clothing SetsChildren’s T-ShirtsBabies Clothing SetsBabies DressesBabies RompersStuffed Animals & Plush ToysRemote Control ToysBaby Care
View More 


Home & Garden

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



Arts,Crafts & SewingKitchen,Dining & BarHome DecorFestive & Party SuppliesHome Storage & OrganizationHome TextileHousehold MerchandisesPet ProductsBathroom ProductsGarden Supplies
View More 


Automotive

						
							
								
									
										 

										
											{{item.title}}

											
												PRE-ORDER PRICE

												{{item.price}}

												

												{{item.specprice}}

												{{item.listprice}}

												{{item.discount}}% off

												{{item.stock}} left

												{{item.sold}} Orders

												{{item.offers}}
											
										

										Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
									
								
							
							
								Loading...
							
						
						



GPS TrackersCode ReadersCar DVRs / CamerasHeadlightsAlarm Systems & SecurityParking DevicesCar StickersCar Light SourceDiagnostic Tools
View More 










AliExpress Information
About AliExpress, Site Map, Online Shopping, Buy, My Orders, Help Center, Customer Support, AliExpress Seller Center, Mobile Site




AliExpress Multi-Language Sites
Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, French, Indonesian, German, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Arabic, Hebrew





Browse by Category
All Popular, Product, Promotion, Low Price, Great Value, Retail, Reviews, China Brands




Alibaba Group
Alibaba Group Website, AliExpress, Alimama, Alipay, Fliggy, AliCloud, Alibaba International, AliTelecom, Dingtalk, Juhuasuan, Taobao Markertplace, Tmall, Xiami, YunOS, 1688


Google PlayApp Store



Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2016 AliExpress.com. All rights reserved.



 



























Tech Discovery - AliExpress.com























Buyer Protection
Help

Customer Service
Disputes & Reports


Save big on our app!






CATEGORIES 
AliExpress


Cart0
Wish List


Sign in|Join  
My AliExpress(0)



Sign Out


Sign in
Sign in with    


New Customer?
Join Free



My AliExpress
My Orders
Message Center
Wish List
My Favorite Stores
My Coupons
My Points





    


All Categories














TECH DISCOVERY
The latest innovations & gadgets 

Subscribe


×


AliExpress Alert
Subscribe now to get updates on Consumer Electronics



Invalid email address. Please try again.
Congratulate! You have successfully subscribed.

Subscribe


Scan to get. Update on app.










Top Picks
Popular
Collections



 











   


























Popular

View More











Top Picks
Get exclusive deals on the latest innovations & gadgets


Deals end in: 00Days00hour00min00secs 










ColMi I1


US $109.99
US $219.98
View More 











FIIL DIVA Pro Headphones


US $191.36
US $299.00
View More 











HASEE Z7-KP7S1 Notebook


US $1,189.00
US $1,981.67
View More 











MEIZU M5C


US $93.70
US $118.61
View More 











Canon 80D DSLR


US $993.94
US $1,461.67
View More 











HOMTOM HT50


US $94.99
US $124.99
View More 











Leagoo T5


US $127.99
US $199.99
View More 











Cubot S1


US $39.49
US $49.99
View More 











Breezelife Flowerpot


US $22.08
US $36.80
View More 











ROMOSS PB20XC


US $19.85
US $23.91
View More 











Baseus LED Type-C Cable


US $1.94
US $2.49
View More 











USAMS Gyro Ring Holder


US $2.92
US $4.49
View More 











KALIDI-CNM268


US $35.16
US $58.60
View More 











MILEVIEW WIFI-F-S


US $167.91
US $209.89
View More 











TC-X P6


US $39.00
US $60.00
View More 











FreedConn BM2-E Helmet


US $169.96
US $188.85
View More 











CYDYSY 14-inch Laptop Privacy Filter


US $14.68
US $16.50
View More 











Steelmate EBAT ET-101


US $11.47
US $18.20
View More 











PAPAGO F10 Dash Cam


US $47.99
US $71.62
View More 











jado D610S


US $86.64
US $135.37
View More 











Kingston DT50


US $6.29
US $11.65
View More 











 Xiaomi Zmi MF855 7800mAh Wifi Router


US $55.20
US $78.85
View More 











Reolink Keen Secuity Camera


US $110.49
US $129.99
View More 











DIGOO DG-UFC Security Camera


US $30.93
US $53.32
View More 








 




Popular
Get your hands on the most trending gadgets





ALL 
Smart Electronics 
Cameras & Photography 
Home Video & Gaming 
Portable Audio & Video 
Mobile Phones 
PCs & Tablets 
Security & Protection 
Power Banks & Chargers 
Mobile Accessories 
Components & Accessories 






							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							



							
								
									
										
											 

											
												{{item.title}}

												
													PRE-ORDER PRICE

													{{item.price}}

													

													{{item.specprice}}

													{{item.listprice}}

													{{item.discount}}% off

													{{item.stock}} left

													{{item.sold}} Orders

													{{item.offers}}
												
											

											Get {{item.coupon}} coupon Shop Now
										
									
								
								
									Loading...
								
							
							


View More







Collections
Get your hands on the most trending gadgets


				
					
						
							
								
									  {{item.title}} {{item.total}} items  
								
								
								
									 {{item.tags.join(' + ')}}

									 {{item.favours}}

									{{item.total}} items

									From {{item.discount}}% off
								
								

								
									{{item.author}}

									{{item.content}}
								
							
						
					
					
						Loading...
					
				
				

View More










AliExpress Information
About AliExpress, Site Map, Online Shopping, Buy, My Orders, Help Center, Customer Support, AliExpress Seller Center, Mobile Site




AliExpress Multi-Language Sites
Russian, Portuguese, Spanish, French, Indonesian, German, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Arabic, Hebrew





Browse by Category
All Popular, Product, Promotion, Low Price, Great Value, Retail, Reviews, China Brands




Alibaba Group
Alibaba Group Website, AliExpress, Alimama, Alipay, Fliggy, AliCloud, Alibaba International, AliTelecom, Dingtalk, Juhuasuan, Taobao Markertplace, Tmall, Xiami, YunOS, 1688


Google PlayApp Store



Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2017 AliExpress.com. All rights reserved.



 


























Siemens USA - Industrial Automation - Siemens USA













































Skip to Content




SIEMENS




							 
						





Industrial Automation









Skip over Site Identifier



Siemens USA




Skip over Language Selection



Skip over Language Selection






Skip over Generic Navigation




Kontakt





Social Media








Skip over Search








search





Skip over Site Explorer



Site Explorer





Close Site Explorer Layer










You are here:

Home



News & Events


Investor Relations


Jobs & Careers


About Siemens


Core Topics


Terms of Use










Industrial Automation: Answers for Manufacturing Productivity




The most forward-thinking companies turn to Siemens every day for answers that enable smart, fast and lean manufacturing. Driven by a nearly universal client requirement to drive process efficiency, our industrial automation solutions are rigorously engineered to:



Assess client technology and efficiency needs
Build a tailored plan that drives quick time to value
Deploy sensors to monitor manufacturing process performance
Automate processes using software, data and logic controllers





  Schlafly Hops Over Growth Limits  
With growing demand for craft brewed beer and limited expansion potential, Schlafly needed to increase output within their brewery, while maintaining the quality of their craft beer brews.
Schlafly automated brewing tasks, introduced process controls and systematically applied data intelligence using industrial automation technology from Siemens.
The brewery was able to increase process efficiency by 30%, while improving product consistency.













 The BRAUMAT process control system is based on a SIMATIC PCS 7 platform. It took over routine functions like turning on pumps and the opening and closing of valves. Those functions now happen consistently and on time – taking minutes off the average brew cycle.

The kind of transformation going on at Schlafly Bottleworks is just one example of how Siemens industrial automation solutions are helping our customers stay ahead of the competition.
















  Dependable Technology from a Trusted Partner  

Siemens industrial automation technology and deep domain expertise drives process efficiency, enables quality control and lowers operating costs. Working with clients to understand their manufacturing challenges, Siemens solutions include:


 Advanced process control technology such as SIMATIC PCS 7, which provide a solid foundation to optimize manufacturing with sensors, software and logic control mechanisms.
 Industry-specific process engineering expertise across diverse industries such as chemicals, food & beverage, glass, solar, water treatment technologies and pharmaceuticals.
 Consulting and lifecycle management services through a global delivery network of in-house experts, solution providers and OEM suppliers.
 Legacy system integration or migration projects with a focus on reducing total cost of ownership and delivering quick time to value.








  
* “America’s Real Manufacturing Advantage” by Helmuth Ludwig and Eric Spiegel reprinted with permission from the Spring 2014 issue of strategy+business magazine, published by Booz & Company Inc. Copyright © 2014. All rights reserved.



2014-Feb-11 | Author





Decrease Text SizeEnlarge Text Size
                                    Text Size
                                


Print this page





The Schlafly Success Story















America’s Real Manufacturing Advantage*















Process News Magazine – October 2013














Explore Siemens Process Automation Solutions




Siemens Automation Technology Portfolio


Process Industry Expertise


SIMATIC PCS 7 Process Control System


Process Automation News







Related Topics




Advanced Manufacturing


Industrial Productivity







Share this page


	   Share this page. - Your browser doesn't support iframes.
	




 






Decrease Text Size


Enlarge Text Size

Text Size
 

Print this page





© Siemens Corporation, 2002 – 2017 | Corporate Information
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Digital ID














Products and solutions – Advanced manufacturing – Siemens USA
























Skip to content
SIEMENS


Siemens


Advanced manufacturing in the U.S.

Contact


Close





Customer Support

Send a message


Contact: Customer Support
28
Comment for Customer Support on Advanced manufacturing (US/EN)



















You are here:

Home



News & Events


Investor Relations


Jobs & Careers


About Siemens


Core Topics





Advanced manufacturing


Products and solutions





Products and solutions for advanced manufacturing
Siemens offers a broad range of state-of-the-art products and solutions for advanced manufacturing in the U.S. Here you can find more information about our SIMATIC IT Manufacturing Execution System (MES), our COMOS integrated plant engineering industrial software, Siemens PLM Software, and Totally Integrated Automation (TIA).






SIMATIC IT Manufacturing Execution System (MES)
For American manufacturing companies to achieve sustainable competitive advantage, they must deploy measures and solutions that respond to market changes both quickly and correctly and help adopt production planning and production engineering processes – in real-time. A critical tool to achieve this is an efficient manufacturing execution system (MES) that supports timely execution.
SIMATIC IT Manufacturing Execution System (MES)







COMOS plant engineering and industrial software
The COMOS integrated plant engineering and industrial software solution enables our U.S. manufacturing customers to design and manage the assets of plants holistically throughout their lifecycle.
COMOS plant engineering and industrial software







Siemens PLM Software
Siemens PLM Software is a leading global provider of product lifecycle management (PLM) industrial software. Our PLM solutions help our customers in the U.S. make smarter production engineering decisions that lead to better products.
Siemens PLM Software







Energy-efficient production
Production efficiency is a factor for success. With our energy management solutions, our customers optimize their energy consumption, decrease their energy costs and boost their competitiveness.
Energy-efficient production







Food and Beverage Industry
With our products and solutions for advanced manufacturing, greater production efficiency for the food and beverage industry is possible. This leads to lower costs, efficient production flexibility, consistent quality, and efficient tracking and tracing for all of our food and beverage manufacturers.
Food and Beverage Industry







Totally Integrated Automation (TIA)
For industrial automation, TIA sets benchmarks in production optimization (production planning and production engineering) and is perfectly aligned towards customer’s requirements and international market trends.
Totally Integrated Automation (TIA)







Totally Integrated Automation (TIA) Portal
The TIA Portal is an production engineering framework for integrated automation. The user-friendly software optimizes production planning and production engineering, through to product maintenance.
Totally Integrated Automation (TIA) Portal












Previous


1
									of
									2


Next

Contact





Customer Support

Send a message


Contact: Customer Support
28
Comment for Customer Support on Advanced manufacturing (US/EN)













Close

Contact: 
back


First name:


Last name:


E-mail:


Your question:





All fields are mandatory.






Your request has successfully been submitted. Our expert will get in contact with you shortly.



Contact








Close





Close
Where do you want to go?

Siemens Global Website
| English
| Deutsch



USA
| English






















































ABOUT US     OUR PROCESS














Copyright © 2017     Asianprosource.com     All Rights Reserved




WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT US






“Our company would not be what it is today without their services.”




– Steven Schwartz, Automats Inc.







“Asian ProSource successfully sourced a wide range of building products at prices we could not find anywhere else.  Because of their long standing relationships with the actual factories in various cities throughout China, we were able to find the best products that met our requirements at the best prices.”




– Rick Firmine, Loft 5 & RF Development







“Thank you for the wonderful bags! I just want to tell you how much people love the bags you made for Saltwater Canvas. They are so beautiful, and I am so proud to send them out.”




– Helen Langone, Saltwater Canvas





702.616.2298








CALL US NOW!    702.616.2298







Full Name *


Email Address *


Phone Number *


Product Type *Please Make a SelectionOff-shelfCustom Design


Product Description *


Prototyping Assistance Required? *


Yes


No




Approximate Quantity *


Comments




SUBMIT



FREE PROJECT EVALUATION






GET A FREE PROJECT EVALUATION


US BASED - 20+ Years Experience




We Are The Competitive Advantage








FREE PROJECT EVALUATION




WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT US






WHO WE ARE




Asian ProSource assists North American companies to procure quality product at the best price, delivered in a timely manner and with reduced risk. Our proven process offers success in the manufacturing of your products, subassemblies, and components. 







Partner with only the experts in product sampling. Our services have been built from proven processes in successful projects. Orchestrate your sourcing with reliable experts! 




WHAT WE DO








With over 20 years of experience in manufacturing and product sourcing, our access to multiple factories allows us for sourcing several quotes from capable custom manufacturers.


Based out of the U.S, combined with our experienced teams in China, our understanding of the language, the culture and the local business landscape in both countries gives the advantage you need to drive success in your projects.  


We personally represent you and manage the face-to-face relationships with factories while performing hands-on quality control inspections.


Empower us to lead your project with a one-on-one analysis today!








WHY CHOOSE US







Asian ProSource assists North American companies procure quality product at the best price, delivered in a timely manner and with reduced risk. Our professionals will take on the design, planning, execution, control, and monitor the supply chain process with your best interest in mind.




WHO WE ARE







Partner with only the experts in supply chain management. Turnkey product sampling that is 100% customized and promises quick turnover. Orchestrate your sourcing with reliable experts! 




WHAT WE DO







With over 20 years of experience in manufacturing and product sourcing, our access to multiple factories allows us to manage all activities in the manufacturing of goods from raw materials through to the end user.


Based out of the U.S. while having experienced professional teams in China, our understanding of the language, the culture and the local business landscape in both countries allows improved supply chain relationships to achieve the competitive advantage.


We personally represent you and manage the face-to-face relationships with highly focused supply chain management.


Increase your profitability today.




WHY CHOOSE US





US BASED - 20+ Years Experience




We Are The Competitive Advantage





























Fix the following errors:Hide








