










 







News on Chris Concannon


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Chris Concannon                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Chris Concannon











CBOE execs expect market volatility to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty


                                June 8, 2017                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... it's going to change." While neither Tilly or CBOE President and COO Chris Concannon specified as to when volatility may return, Tilly said he believes ...
                                









CBOE Holdings to Present at Sandler O'Neill Global Exchange and Brokerage Conference


                                June 2, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... and Chief Executive Officer Edward Tilly and President and Chief Operating Officer Chris Concannon will speak at the Sandler O'Neill Global Exchange and Brokerage Conference ...
                                









CBOE hikes FY'17 synergy expectations related to Bats deal


                                May 10, 2017                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... now, given where we're at in the migration process." President and COO Chris Concannon said the company looked at its past experience in platform integrations ...
                                









What did CBOE buy at Bats? : Exec talent, among other things-or so it seems as leadership turns over goes here


                                May 8, 2017                                 • 
                                Crain's Chicago Business                            


                                  ... all-time high, Tilly must jell with his new No. 2-former Bats CEO Chris Concannon-to deliver on the growth promised when the merger was announced. "We've ...
                                









Chris Concannon is now serving in a new position at CBOE Futures Exchange LLC


                                April 25, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










CBOE Holdings Announces Close Of Acquisition Of Bats Global Markets


                                March 1, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Leadership TeamCBOE's leadership team is headed byEdwardTilly,Chairman and CEO of CBOE Holdings. Chris Concannon, formerly CEO of Bats Global Markets, is President and COO of ...
                                









Bats reports Q4 net income growth of 50 per cent


                                February 10, 2017                                 • 
                                Hedgeweek                            


                                  ... we are excited about the opportunities before us in 2017," says CEO Chris Concannon (pictured). "Bats and CBOE share a similar mission to make trading ...
                                









Bats Reports Fourth Quarter Net Income Growth of 50%


                                February 9, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... we are excited about the opportunities before us in 2017," said CEO Chris Concannon. "Bats and CBOE share a similar mission to make trading more ...
                                









Bats Global Markets Announces Stockholder Approval of Merger Agreement with CBOE Holdings


                                January 17, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... as of December 9, 2016, the record date for the special meeting. Chris Concannon, Chief Executive Officer and President of Bats, said, "We thank our ...
                                









Trading Technology Execs Say Innovation Doesn't Come Cheap


                                December 22, 2016                                 • 
                                Institutional Investor                            


                                  ... market-making side of his business, said Coleman, &all our technology is homegrown.& Chris Concannon, CEO of BATS Global Markets, represents the second-largest securities exchange by ...
                                









Growth in non-transaction revenues boosts Bats Q3 earnings


                                November 4, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... growth in non-transaction revenues and increased U.S. Options market share, said CEO Chris Concannon. ...
                                









Bats CEO: Market makers' interest in ETFs helped grow recurring revenue


                                November 4, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... on an exchange, was partly behind the higher income, President and CEO Christopher Concannon said during the company's third-quarter earnings call. In addition, more market ...
                                









Profits rise at Bats Global Markets ahead of $3.2 billion buyout


                                November 3, 2016                                 • 
                                The Kansas City Star                            


                                  ... and geographies, all powered by Bats market-leading proprietary technology," Bats chief executive Chris Concannon said in the earnings announcement. Revenues in the third quarter reached ...
                                









Bats Global Markets Completes Acquisition of Javelin SEF


                                November 1, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Bats Hotspot, and reiterates our commitment to developing our FX marketplace," said Chris Concannon, CEO of Bats Global Markets. "I congratulate both the Bats and ...
                                









Bats CEO seeing a bright future with CBOE merger 


                                October 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Pensions & Investments                            


                                  ... Bats Global Markets CEO Chris Concannon has been at the forefront of securities product and trading innovation ...
                                









Christopher R. Concannon donated between $25K and $50K to Chaminade Development Fund Inc. in 2015


                                September 28, 2016                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










With Bats deal, CBOE battles 'eat or be eaten' exchange environment


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... keep CBOE's chief executive, Edward Tilly, at the reins, while Bats CEO Chris Concannon will become president and COO. Bats' chief information officer will also ...
                                









Bats was 'not for sale' prior to signing deal with CBOE


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... on a conference call to discuss the $3.2 billion deal, Bats CEO Chris Concannon said the exchange always considered its options, but stressed that it ...
                                









Sales of new homes fall 7.6% in Aug. 


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                South Florida Sun-Sentinel                            


                                  ... Holdings, will keep that role in the combined company, while Bats CEO Chris Concannon will become president and chief operating officer, a statement said Monday. ...
                                









CBOE buys Bats markets for $3.2B : Chicago company adds ETFs, stocks, currency trading


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                Chicago Tribune                            


                                  ... Holdings, will keep that role in the combined company, while Bats CEO Chris Concannon will become president and chief operating officer, according to a statement ...
                                









MERGERS : CBOE acquires Kansas exchange Bats


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                The Globe and Mail (Canada)                            


                                  ... this acquisition. "We feel like we can start producing shareholder value now," Chris Concannon, chief executive officer at Bats, said, responding to a question about ...
                                









Two Exchange Operators Agree to Merge


                                September 27, 2016                                 • 
                                The New York Times                            


                                  ... Tilly, CBOE's chief executive, will retain that role for the combined company. Chris Concannon, Bats's chief executive, will become president and chief operating officer. The ...
                                









Two Exchange Operators, CBOE and Bats, Agree to Merge


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                NYT DealBook                            


                                  ... Tilly, CBOE’s chief executive, will retain that role for the combined company. Chris Concannon, Bats’s chief executive, will become president and chief operating officer. The ...
                                









CBOE to buy Bats for $3.2 billion in reversal of expected roles


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                The Deal Pipeline                            


                                  ... auction process. "Bats found a strategic relationship that was unparalleled," Bats CEO Chris Concannon said during a Monday analyst call. "It's rare to find two ...
                                









Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of Bats Global Markets, Inc. (BATS) by CBOE Holdings, Inc. (CBOE) May Not Be in Shareholders' Best Interests


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... public trading. In commenting on these results, Bats Global Chief Executive Officer Chris Concannon remarked, "The second quarter marked another strong quarter for Bats as ...
                                









CBOE Holdings to acquire Bats Global Markets


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                Hedgeweek                            


                                  ... great growth trajectory by combining with another market innovator in CBOE," says Chris Concannon, Bats' chief executive officer. "Today's announcement is a testament to the ...
                                









Lenexa-based Bats Global Markets agrees to $3.2 billion buyout


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                The Kansas City Star                            


                                  ... would migrate to Bats' proprietary trading platform operated from Lenexa. Bats CEO Chris Concannon offered no details Monday about future employment in Lenexa but said ...
                                









CBOE buying Bats Global Markets for $3.2 billion


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                Chicago Business Journal                            


                                  ... Tilly, CEO of CBOE Holdings Inc., will lead the combined company, and Chris Concannon, CEO of Lenexa, Kansas-based Bats, will become COO, the report says. ...
                                









CBOE Holdings Agrees to Acquire Bats Global Markets to Strengthen CBOE Holdings' Global Position in Innovative Tradable Products and Services, and Achieve Meaningful Cost and Operational Efficiencies


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... great growth trajectory by combining with another market innovator in CBOE," said Chris Concannon, Bats' Chief Executive Officer. "Today's announcement is a testament to the ...
                                







Related News Feeds






CBOE Holdings, Inc.







Alumni of Catholic University of America - Columbus School of Law







Chris Concannon

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Christopher R. Concannon: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 4:50 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of CBOE Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Christopher R. Concannon  President & COO, CBOE Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 6 different industries.50--
Background

		Mr. Christopher R. Concannon, also known as Chris, has been the President and Chief Operating Officer at CBOE Holdings, Inc. since February 28, 2017. Mr. Concannon has been the Chief Executive Officer of BATS Global Markets, Inc. since March 31, 2015 and has been its President since December 15, 2014. He has more than 20 years of experience as an exchange executive, trading participant and regulator. He served as an Executive Vice President of Transaction Services at ... NASDAQ OMX Futures Exchange, Inc. He served as a Partner and Executive Vice President of Virtu Financial, Inc. and served as its President and Chief Operating Officer from 2009 to 2014. He served as an Executive Vice President of Nasdaq, Inc. (Also known as The Nasdaq OMX Group, Inc.) from 2003 to 2009 and also served as its Executive Vice President of Transaction Services, U.S. from February 2008 to April 30, 2009 and Head of NASDAQ Transactions Services since October 2003. He was responsible for the management and operation of the U.S. transaction services business, which includes The Nasdaq Stock Market and The NASDAQ Options Market. He plays a key role in executing NASDAQ's strategic direction as it moves forward. He served as an Executive Vice President of Strategy and Business Development of Nasdaq since May 2003. Since May 19, 2003, he joined Nasdaq Stock Market Inc. from Instinet Group, Inc., where he served as the President of Instinet Clearing Services Inc., where he managed the clearing and execution services business offered by Instinet Clearing. He served at Instinet Group Inc. from 2002 to 2003. He served as Special Counsel and Senior Vice President of Business Development of Instinet and was responsible for coordinating the merger and integration of Instinet and Island ECN. He served at Instinet Group, LLC. He served as Special Counsel and Vice President of Business Development of the Island ECN from 1999 to 2002 and was responsible for formulating, planning and executing Island's business strategies. He joined Island in 1999 as Vice President and Associate General Counsel. He served as an Associate of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP from 1997 to 1999 and also served as an Attorney in the Division of Market Regulation at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 1994 to 1997 and as a Legislative Analyst at the American Stock Exchange from 1992 to 1995. During his time at the SEC he specialized in the review and approval of rules of the various self-regulatory organizations, the regulation of securities underwriting and the regulation of the clearance and settlement of securities transactions. He is an Outspoken Advocate for modern market structure and he has spoken before groups including The Options Industry Conference, the Securities Trader Association, American Enterprise Institute and the Investment Company Institute. He served on the BATS Exchange Board from March 2012 to November 2014. He served as a Director of BATS Global Markets, Inc. until February 28, 2017 and The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation since April 2010. He is a Member of the New York Bar, New Jersey Bar and the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Concannon received a B.A. Degree from The Catholic University of America in 1989, an M.B.A. from St. John's University in 1991 and a J.D. from the Columbus School of Law at the Catholic University of America in 1994.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
400 South LaSalle StreetChicago, Illinois 60605United StatesPhone: 312-786-5600Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
MBA 1991St. John's UniversityJD 1994Catholic University of AmericaBA 1989Catholic University of America
Other Affiliations
Instinet Group, LLCNasdaq, Inc.The Depository Trust & Clearing CorporationSt. John's UniversityCatholic University of AmericaBATS Global Markets, Inc.NASDAQ OMX Futures Exchange, Inc.Virtu Financial, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRichard M. McVey Founder, Chairman & CEOMarketAxess Holdings Inc.$500.0KThomas  Peterffy Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerInteractive Brokers Group, Inc.$800.0KAlexander Konstantinovich Afanasiev Chairman of the Executive Board, Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Supervisory BoardPublic Joint-Stock Company Moscow Exchange MICEX-RTS--Gilson  Finkelsztain CEO & Member of Board of Executive OfficersB3 S.A. - Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão--Akira  Kiyota Group Chief Executive Officer, Representative Executive Officer and DirectorJapan Exchange Group, Inc.$108.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CBOE Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































 






Christopher Concannon | Financial Advisor in New York, NY








 








 






  eseerqaxswszturctewrvtvqvyzsuvyqswacuw






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					Christopher Concannon				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentMoreEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








Christopher Concannon



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Christopher Concannon New York, New York

 






Bats TradingBroker15 years of experience2 exams passed0 disclosures  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewChristopher R. Concannon is a financial advisor employed by Bats Trading in New York, New York. With over 15 years of experience and 2 exams passed, Christopher maintains the following registrations:BrokerChristopher Concannon is registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).
Advisor data current as of September 27, 2016
Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:2169224State RegistrationsFinancial advisors must register with each state in which they conduct business. Below is a record of each state where Christopher Concannon maintains an active registration.View a sortable list of all financial advisors located in:New York (112,919 advisors)New York City (82,492 advisors)

Click here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent Firm


Bats Trading, Inc. (CRD# 136734)This financial advisor is employed by a firm that also participates in certain broker dealer activities involving the purchase and sale of securities. More details about the 1 types of brokerage activities can be found below.years in business12 yearstotal disclosures1




Securities Sales



Other Activities






Market Making



Underwriting & Syndication



More detailed information about Bats Trading, Inc. can be found on Credio's Broker Dealers website, which has unique data on 4,282 FINRA registered brokerage firms.


Other AdvisorsAdvisors at Bats TradingAdvisors in New YorkAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at Bats Trading



Above is a partial list of advisors working at Bats Trading. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,207 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at Bats Trading, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  Bats Trading >>Advisors in New York



See all Advisors in  New York >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >> 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor Certification

Exam CodeName And TypeExam DateGradeIDIndividual CRD #Series 44PCX Market Maker Exam
General Industry/ProductApril 9, 2010PassedSeries 24General Securities Principal Examination
Principal/SupervisoryJanuary 3, 2003Passed

More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website.See all  Financial Exams  >> 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.Christopher Concannon had no reported disclosure events as of the most recent filing submitted to FINRA.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#2169224) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >> 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationChristopher Concannon - New York, New York



Address
17 State Street, 31st FloorNew York,  New York 10004



 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,207 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in New York, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in New York  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>Data updated on September 27, 2016 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 

Christopher R. Concannon, Dir., Exec. VP, Transaction Services, Nasdaq Stock Market Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Christopher Concannon 





 


Christopher Concannon

 

Dir., Exec. VP, Transaction Services - Nasdaq Stock Market Inc.

 


Christopher Concannon Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Nasdaq Stock Market Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.nasdaq.com 

 

Company Address : 
1 Liberty Plz.165 Broadway, New York, NY,United States, 


 


Christopher Concannon Profile :
Dir., Exec. VP, Transaction Services - Nasdaq Stock Market Inc. 

 


Christopher Concannon Biography :


Christopher R. Concannon is Executive Vice President Transaction Services for The NASDAQ Stock Market. In this role he is responsible for the management and operation of NASDAQ's transaction services business. Mr. Concannon joined The NASDAQ Stock Market in May 2003 as Executive Vice President. As head of Transaction Services Mr. Concannon has played a critical role in advising NASDAQ's CEO Bob Greifeld on NASDAQ's core trading platform and in obtaining regulatory approvals on significant business issues. He is responsible for numerous trading enhancements to our trading platform and for the introduction of the NASDAQ Market Center a technologically advanced high performance system for trading NASDAQ NYSE and AMEX securities all on one platform. During his time NASDAQ has also launched the NASDAQ Closing Cross Opening Cross and more recently announced the upcoming launch of the Intraday Cross. Mr. Concannon also helped lead the Brut ECN acquisition integration and NASDAQ's competitive positioning of the Brut ECN asset. More recently Chris was a leading member of the acquisition of the INET platform and is currently overseeing the integration process of the newly acquired entity. Prior to joining NASDAQ Mr. Concannon was President of Instinet Clearing Services Inc. where he managed the clearing and execution services business offered by Instinet Clearing to numerous broker-dealer clients. During his career with Instinet Mr. Concannon also served as Special Counsel and Senior Vice President of Business Development where he coordinated and advised senior management on the integration of Instinet and Island ECN. Before the merger of Instinet and Island Mr. Concannon was Special Counsel and Vice President of Business Development for Island. While at Island he worked closely with the firm's strategic partners and investors identified potential partners and managed Island's Business Development Department. Prior to joining Island he was an associate at Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP in their New York and Washington offices. From 1994-1997 he was an attorney with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the Division of Market Regulation where he specialized in the review and approval of the rules of the various self-regulatory organizations the regulation of securities underwriting and the regulation of the clearance and settlement of securities transactions. He began his career with the American Stock Exchange where he served as a Legislative Analyst from 1992-1995 lobbying Congress and the Administration on a variety of securities related issues. Mr. Concannon received a B.A. from the Catholic University of America in 1989 an M.B.A. from St. John's University in 1991 and a J.D. from the Columbus School of Law the Catholic University of America in 1994. He is a member of the New York Bar New Jersey Bar and the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Concannon serves as an advisory board member for The Journal of Trading a newly launched Institutional Investor Journal aimed at educating portfolio managers and traders on their execution options with strategic advice from industry experts. 

 


Christopher Concannon Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Robert Greifield 
Board Dir., Pres., CEO 
Please login 


Bruce Aust 
Exec. VP, Corporate Client Group 
Please login 


Anna Ewing 
Exec. VP, CIO 
Please login 


Adena Friedman 
Exec. VP - Corporate Strategy, Data Products 
Please login 


John Jacobs 
Exec. VP, Chief Marketing Officer 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.






Chris R. Concannon - MarketsWiki, A Commonwealth of Market Knowledge





















Chris R. Concannon

From MarketsWiki


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search













Become a sponsor »















Chris Concannon


 


 Occupation

 president and chief operating officer


 Employer

 CBOE Holdings


 Location

 New York, NY


 Website

 www.cboe.com



Christopher R. Concannon is president and chief operating officer of CBOE Holdings. He took over the roles in February 2017 upon CBOE's acquisition of Bats Global Markets, where he had been chief executive officer starting on March 31, 2015.[1][2]

Background
Prior to joining CBOE, he served as president of Bats, beginning on December 15, 2014. He is credited with leading Bats through its initial public offering in April 2016 and the sale of the company to CBOE.[3][4] and succeeded Joe Ratterman as CEO.
Concannon has nearly 20 years of experience as an exchange executive, regulator and industry participant. He played a major role in Bats' acquisition of Hotspot FX announced on January 16, 2015. 
Prior to this position, Concannon was president and chief operating officer at Virtu Financial LLC, a proprietary trading firm formed by Vincent Viola, former chairman of NYMEX Holdings.[5]
Concannon joined Virtu in 2009, after resigning from his former position as executive vice president, Transaction Services U.S. at NASDAQ OMX on Apr. 30, 2009.[6][7] He spent six years at Nasdaq in that role.
He is an outspoken advocate for modern market structure and he has appeared before groups including The Options Industry Conference, the Security Traders Association, and the Investment Company Institute. He is a former attorney with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Concannon joined NASDAQ as executive vice president in May 2003. As executive VP, he was responsible for the management and operation of the U.S. transaction services business, which includes The Nasdaq Stock Market and The NASDAQ Options Market, and was also in charge of the launch of Nasdaq OMX Europe. While at Nasdaq, he oversaw various acquisitions, including the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and the Boston Stock Exchange. He was also one of the lead executives involved in several clearing initiatives in 2009, which led to Nasdaq's currently managing eight clearing mechanisms, including International Derivatives Clearing Group and Nord Pool Clearing.[8]
During his tenure at Nasdaq, Concannon oversaw the 2006 integration of the Brut and Inet electronic communications networks (ECN) to form the basis for Nasdaq’s technology platform. Concannon joined Nasdaq in its purchase of Instinet, where he was president of its clearing unit.[9]
Before joining NASDAQ, Concannon was president of Instinet Clearing Services, Inc., where he managed the clearing and execution services business offered by Instinet Clearing. Before joining Instinet, he was special counsel and vice president of business development for the Island ECN.
From 1994 to 1997, Concannon was an attorney with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in the Division of Market Regulation before joining the law firm, Morgan, Lewis and Bockius.[10]
During this time, he specialized in the review and approval of rules of the various self-regulatory organizations, the regulation of securities underwriting, and the regulation of the clearance and settlement of securities transactions. He began his career with the American Stock Exchange, where he served as a legislative analyst from 1992-1995, lobbying Congress and the Administration on a variety of securities related issues.

Education
Concannon received a B.A. from The Catholic University of America in 1989, an MBA from St. John's University in 1991, and a J.D. from the Columbus School of Law, the Catholic University of America in 1994. He is a member of the New York Bar, New Jersey Bar and the District of Columbia Bar. 

References

↑ BATS Global Markets Names Chris Concannon As CEO. The Wall Street Journal.

↑ Executive Biographies and Photos - Chris Concannon. CBOE.

↑ Exchange Operator Bats Names Virtu’s Concannon President. Bloomberg.

↑ BATS names Concannon new head. ISS-Mag.

↑ Chris Concannon to Leave Nasdaq. Advanced Trading.

↑ Concannon To Leave Nasdaq OMX, Take Post At Proprietary Firm. The Wall Street Journal.

↑ Nasdaq OMX Hires Eric Noll To Head Transaction Services. WSJ.com.

↑ Nasdaq OMX loses key executive. The Financial Times.

↑ Transaction Services EVP Concannon To Leave Nasdaq. Securities Industry News.

↑ Christopher R. Concannon. Forbes.com.






JLN News FeedBritain Hasn’t Been This Politically Risky in 40 Years; Machines Poised to Take Over 30% of Work at Banks, McKinsey Says; Insider trading probe into Deutsche Boerse CEO still open: prosecutorVolatility Plumbs Record Lows as Stock, Bond Rallies Accelerate; U.S. stock options attractive as earnings reports roll in; Could Deep Learning Dethrone HFT?The Financial Industry Needs to Start Planning for the Next 50 Years, Not the Next Five; Wall Street Efforts to Improve Its Image Fail to Sway Americans; US tech sector surges past its dotcom era peakThe Return of the Russell 2000


Sponsor NewsBats Europe Readies for MiFID II with Successful Exchange ReleaseBats Welcomes Two New PowerShares Funds to the Bats ETF MarketplaceBats Welcomes Two New iShares Funds to the Bats ETF MarketplaceBats Welcomes New Issuer OppenheimerFunds to the Bats ETF MarketplaceBats Welcomes Second Principal Fund to the Bats ETF Marketplace








 
				Retrieved from "http://www.marketswiki.com/wiki/index.php?title=Chris_R._Concannon&oldid=200638"				
Categories: Sponsored PagesSponsored Pages - OICCBOE Holdings - Current EmployeesCBOE HoldingsBiographiesFormer Bats ExecutivesFormer NASDAQ OMX ExecutivesNASDAQ OMX - Former EmployeesIsland - Former EmployeesU.S. Securities and Exchange Commission - Former EmployeesAmerican Stock Exchange - Former EmployeesInstinet - Former EmployeesVirtu Financial LLC - Former Employees 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log in 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion





Variants








Views

Read
View source
View history



Actions






Search


 







Navigation


Home
Recent Changes
About / Contact
Sponsorship
Become an Editor
Job Postings
Upcoming Events
Help




John Lothian News


MW Education
JohnLothianNews
MarketsReformWiki




Special Pages


Popular Pages
Random Page
Categories




Tools


What links here
Related changes
Special pages
Printable version
Permanent link
Page information







 This page was last modified on 20 March 2017, at 06:39.
This page has been accessed 37,231 times.


Privacy policy
About MarketsWiki
Disclaimers
Mobile view




















Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














christopher r concannon - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Anyone's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know anyone's possible criminal history is online




Concannon at Amazon.com - Buy Concannon at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Concannon at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address
















Christopher R. Barron




Christopher R. Barron is an American political activist best known as the cofounder of GOProud, a political organization representing gay conservatives. He is the president of CapSouth

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Jack Concannon - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Jack_Concannon


Playing career. He played halfback and quarterback for Boston College and was the first selection of the 1964 American Football League draft, picked by the Boston ...


Christopher Byrne (politician) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Christopher_Byrne_(politician)


Christopher Michael Byrne (1886 – 5 September 1957) was an Irish politician whose career as a Teachta Dála (TD) and Senator came in two distinct periods, separated ...


Bloomberg Still Trying To Defeat Stop-And-Frisk Bills

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/16/mark-weprin-michael-bloomberg...


The two stop-and-frisk related ... former Republican state Senate candidate Joseph Concannon’s name was mentioned in a ... Christopher Mathias ...


Helena Concannon - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Helena_Concannon


Helena Concannon (née Walsh; 1878 – 27 February 1952) was an Irish historian, writer, language scholar and Fianna Fáil politician. Born in Derry, she was ...


Chris Crane - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Chris_Crane


Crane was a four-year starter for the Trinity Shamrocks. He holds the Trinity career records for completions (313), passing yards (4,320) and touchdown passes (45 ...


Republicans Stage Pro-NYPD Rally, Call For Mayor De Blasio ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/01/14/republicans-nypd-mayor-de-blasio...


Joseph Concannon, a failed Republican ... and Chemong County Sherriff Chris Moss, ... Mayor de Blasio’s office did not respond to a request for comment ...


Storm chasing - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Storm_chasing


Storm chasing is broadly defined as the pursuit of any severe weather ... The first was Christopher Phillips, ... Harold; P.R. Concannon; C.A. Doswell (2003-08-29).


Study finds arsenic in many US wines - AOL Lifestyle

https://www.aol.com/.../study-finds-arsenic-in-many-us-wines/21243430


Study finds arsenic in many US wines. ... Glen Ellen by Concannon: ... Chris Weeks Via Getty Images. Charles Shaw aka Two Buck Chuck.


Chris Chandler - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Chris_Chandler


Chandler was born on October 12, 1965, in Everett, Washington. In high school, he was active in basketball, football, track and golf. As a high school quarterback ...


This Is How Much It Costs To Raise A Child In The U.S ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/08/18/cost-of-raising-a-child_n...


It's no shocker that raising a child can put a strain on family finances. But seeing the total cost may leave you stunned. The average cost of raising a ...










Anyone's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know anyone's possible criminal history is online




Concannon at Amazon.com - Buy Concannon at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Concannon at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address




Searches related tochristopher r concannon



chris concannon


concannon lumber



concannon chardonnay




12345Next

Related Searches



chris concannon


concannon lumber


concannon chardonnay




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














christopher r concannon - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Anyone's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know anyone's possible criminal history is online




Searches related tochristopher r concannon



chris concannon


concannon lumber



concannon chardonnay




Web Results

Christopher R. Concannon: Executive Profile & Biography ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Mr. Christopher R. Concannon, also known as Chris, has been the President and Chief Operating Officer at CBOE Holdings, Inc. since February 28, 2017. Mr. Concannon ...


Biography of Christopher R. Concannon - SEC.gov

https://www.sec.gov/spotlight/mutualrecognition/bio/cconcannon.pdf


Christopher R. Concannon Executive Vice President, Transaction Services The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. Christopher R. Concannon is Executive Vice President ...


Christopher R Concannon - Registered Representative, New ...

https://www.brightscope.com/financial-planning/advisor/847717


Christopher R Concannon is a financial advisor with Bats Trading, Inc.. Ask Christopher R Concannon or our advisors a question, view Christopher R Concannon's ...


Christopher R. Concannon - Executive Bio & Compensation ...

executives.findthecompany.com/l/18367/Christopher-R-Concannon


Find compensation and employment information for Christopher R. Concannon (Nasdaq), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


CBOE Christopher R. Concannon Insider Trades for CBOE ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/CBOE/insiders?pid=131485818


Mr. Christopher R. Concannon is President & Chief Operating Officer at CBOE Holdings, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer at BATS Global Markets, Inc., Chairman ...


Christopher R Concannon - Waatp.com

waatp.com/people/christopher-r-concannon/14799940


Who is Christopher R Concannon - (516) 746-3394 - Garden City - NY - waatp.com.See also Christopher R Concannon: pictures, social networks profiles, videos, weblinks ...


Christopher Concannon | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopher-concannon-a5603611


View Christopher Concannon’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Christopher Concannon ...


Christopher Concannon - 21 Public Records Found

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/christopher-concannon


Christopher Concannon was found 21 times in our database. Matches found in 37 cities including Milton, Massachusetts, Standish, Maine & Norfolk, Massachusetts.


Christopher R Concannon - network - LittleSis

https://littlesis.org/person/10451/Christopher_R_Concannon


Information about Christopher R Concannon's social, political, and business networks -- from board memberships to campaign contributions, old school ties to ...


Christopher Concannon | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Christopher-Concannon


“35 matches for Christopher Concannon. Find Christopher Concannon's phone, address, etc. on Whitepages, the most trusted online directory."










Anyone's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know anyone's possible criminal history is online



Searches related tochristopher r concannon



chris concannon


concannon lumber



concannon chardonnay




12345Next






Answers







Christopher R. Barron



Christopher R. Barron is an American political activist best known as the cofounder of GOProud, a political organization representing gay...

more






Christopher R. Wronski



Dr. Christopher R. Wronski is an electrical engineer, now Professor Emeritus at Pennsylvania State University, noted for his pioneering research in...

more






Christopher R. Shimmin



Christopher R. Shimmin (1870–1933), Manx playwright and MHK. Life Christopher Robert Shimmin was born in Peel in September 1870, the eldest son of...

more










News Results






Concannon says council shouldn’t hire Deputy...



Homenewshere.com - daily times...

 - Jul 18


WOBURN - Alderman at-large Michael Concannon said the City Council should not be the appointing authority for the Deputy Superintendent of the Dept. of...

more





Christopher Clark



Richmond.com - news

 - Jul 18


Christopher “Chris” Clark, 51, of Mechanicsville, went to be with the Lord Tuesday, July 11, 2017. He is survived by his wife of 29 years, Tracy Bruce...

more





A. R. Rahman



The Asian Age Front Page

 - Jul 17


A concert by musician A. R. Rahman in London last week had an unexpected epilogue on social media, with several audience members criticising Rahman....

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















