






CONE Midstream Partners - Landing Page
















































About

About CONE Midstream
Our Structure
Our Board
Our Management
Our Governance
Our Sponsors
Our Operations


News
Events

Investors

Why Invest?
IR Snapshot
Financial Reports
SEC Filings
Presentations
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Unitholder Services
Tax and K-1 Information
FAQ's


Safety

Contact

Contact Us
Request Information
Get Alerts by Email






















CONE Midstream Partners 


(NYSE:CNNX) is a growth-oriented master limited partnership that owns, operates, and develops natural gas gathering and other midstream energy assets in the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania and West Virginia.                                 

Learn more about our business, our sponsors, management, organization and governance >>>




































































‹
›






Request Information














News








Request Information





                                                        July 24, 2017
                                                    


CONE Midstream Increases Quarterly Cash Distribution





                                                        July 13, 2017
                                                    


CONE Midstream Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 Results





                                                        May 04, 2017
                                                    


CONE Midstream Reports First Quarter Results





Read the complete news stories behind these headlines and find the full set of news releases from CONE Midstream >>> 






Events & Presentations




                                                August 07, 2017
                                                - 
                                                11:00 AM ET
                                            
Second Quarter 2017 Operating and Financial Results Conference Call



See our investor presentations, listen to our webcasts and check our calendar of events  >>> 






Financial Reports



 
Review these and all of our quarterly and annual financial reports >>>































Contact

No contacts to display.










March 31, 2017
First Quarter Report 2017 (10Q)


December 31, 2016
2016 Annual Report (10K)


September 30, 2016
Third Quarter Report 2016 (10Q)


June 30, 2016
Second Quarter Report 2016 (10Q)












GO




 Entire IR Site
                            

 Documents
                            

 Press Releases
                            
























Cone Midstream Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















cone midstream partners lp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil, Gas & Coal
Sub-Industry: Midstream - Oil & Gas
Cone Midstream Partners LP is a midstream natural gas service provider. The Company operates, develops and acquires natural gas gathering and other midstream energy assets to service its Sponsor companies. Cone provides natural gas gathering pipelines and compression and dehydration facilities, as well as condensate gathering, collection, separation and stabilization facilities.




Corporate Information
Address:

1000 CONSOL Energy Drive
Canonsburg, PA 15317
United States


Phone:
724-485-4000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.consolenergy.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Stephen Johnson
Consol Energy Inc








Chief Financial Officer
Company


David Khani
Cone Midstream Partners LP








Lead Director
Company










Chief Executive Officer
Company


John Lewis
Cone Midstream Partners LP








Board Members
Company


Kenneth Fisher
Noble Energy Inc






























From The Web












Press Releases




CONE Midstream Increases Quarterly Cash Distribution

Jul 24, 2017



Matrix Service Company Announces Appointment of New Board Members

Jul 18, 2017



CONE Midstream Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 Results

Jul 13, 2017



CONSOL Energy Announces Filing of Form 10 Registration Statement for Spin-Off of its Pennsylvania Mining Operations and Other C

Jul 11, 2017



Noble Energy Closes Upstream Appalachia Sale

Jun 28, 2017



CONSOL Energy Releases Annual Corporate Responsibility Report

May 23, 2017



Noble Energy Sells Marcellus Midstream to Quantum Energy Partners for $765 Million

May 18, 2017



CONE Midstream Reports First Quarter Results

May 04, 2017






Key Executives


John T Lewis


Chief Executive Officer




David M Khani


Chief Financial Officer




Joseph M Fink


Chief Operating Officer




Brian Robert Rich


Chief Accounting Officer




Stephen R Milbourne


VP:Investor Relations




Krik A Moore


Secretary/General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































  CNNX:New York Stock Quote - Cone Midstream Partners LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Cone Midstream Partners LP   CNNX:US   New York        19.98USD   0.04   0.20%     As of 1:55 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   19.97    Day Range   19.96 - 20.40    Volume   64,933    Previous Close   19.94    52Wk Range   16.03 - 25.56    1 Yr Return   19.04%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   19.97    Day Range   19.96 - 20.40    Volume   64,933    Previous Close   19.94    52Wk Range   16.03 - 25.56    1 Yr Return   19.04%    YTD Return   -15.16%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   12.38    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.62    Market Cap (b USD)   1.269    Shares Outstanding  (m)   34.422    Price/Sales (TTM)   5.12    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   5.83%        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.71%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.71%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    7/12/2017   Top 4 Small-Cap Stocks as of July 2017  - Investopedia     6/20/2017   Top 4 Small-Cap Stocks for 2017  - Investopedia     5/23/2017   Top 4 Small-Cap Stocks for 2017  - Investopedia     2/23/2017   Top 4 Small-Cap Stocks for 2017  - Investopedia    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/24/2017   CONE Midstream Increases Quarterly Cash Distribution     7/18/2017   Matrix Service Company Announces Appointment of New Board Members     7/13/2017   CONE Midstream Schedules Earnings Release and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 Results     7/11/2017   CONSOL Energy Announces Filing of Form 10 Registration Statement for Spin-Off of its Pennsylvania Mining Operations and Other C     6/28/2017   Noble Energy Closes Upstream Appalachia Sale     5/23/2017   CONSOL Energy Releases Annual Corporate Responsibility Report     5/18/2017   Noble Energy Sells Marcellus Midstream to Quantum Energy Partners for $765 Million     5/4/2017   CONE Midstream Reports First Quarter Results     5/2/2017   Noble Energy Sells Upstream Appalachia Natural Gas Assets     5/2/2017   CONSOL Energy Reports First Quarter Results; Increased 2017 and 2018 Production Guidance to 420-440 Bcfe and 490-520 Bcfe,    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Cone Midstream Partners LP is a midstream natural gas service provider. The Company operates, develops and acquires natural gas gathering and other midstream energy assets to service its Sponsor companies. Cone provides natural gas gathering pipelines and compression and dehydration facilities, as well as condensate gathering, collection, separation and stabilization facilities.    Address  1000 CONSOL Energy DriveCanonsburg, PA 15317United States   Phone  724-485-4000   Website   www.consolenergy.com     Executives Board Members    John T Lewis  Chief Executive Officer    David M Khani  Chief Financial Officer    Joseph M Fink  Chief Operating Officer    Brian Robert Rich  Chief Accounting Officer    Stephen R Milbourne  VP:Investor Relations     Show More         
Cone Midstream Partners LP (CNNX.N)  Key Developments | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States



























































CONE Midstream increases quarterly cash distribution












Monday, 24 Jul 2017 06:30am EDT July 24 (Reuters) - Cone Midstream Partners Lp :CONE Midstream Partners Lp - general partner announced declaration of a cash distribution of $0.2922 per unit with respect to Q2 of 2017.CONE Midstream Partners Lp - distribution, equates to an annual rate of $1.1688 per unit, represents an increase of 3.6 percent over prior quarter. 



        Latest Developments forCone Midstream Partners LP



Cone Midstream Partners files for offering

Cone Midstream qtrly net income per LP unit $0.45

Noble Energy sells upstream Appalachia natural gas assets

Cone Midstream reports Q4 and 2016 results






Latest Key Developments inOil


FMR LLC reports 13.597 percent passive stake in Noble Midstream Partners as of June 30,
Hess Midstream Partners LP Q2 revenue $138.3 million
GasLog Partners LP qtrly earnings per share $0.45
Brookfield business partners to acquire 60 pct of Teekay Offshore Partners








        Related Company News



BRIEF-CONE Midstream increases quarterly cash distribution

Mon, Jul 24 2017
Noble Energy to sell 50 percent stake in Cone Gathering

Thu, May 18 2017
UPDATE 1-Noble Energy to sell 50 pct stake in Cone Gathering

Thu, May 18 2017







        Company Quote



Cone Midstream Partners LP
(CNNX.N)
19.94
-0.24 -1.19%
26 Jul 2017





















CONE Midstream Partners LP: NYSE:CNNX quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceCONE Midstream Partners LP(NYSE:CNNX)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




CONE Midstream Partners LP  (Public, NYSE:CNNX)  
Watch this stock
 




















20.05


+0.11
(0.55%)





Real-time:
 

2:07PM EDT



NYSE
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

19.96 - 20.40



52 week

16.03 - 25.56



Open

19.97



Vol / Avg.

65,833.00/148,250.00



Mkt cap

1.27B



P/E

12.34



Div/yield

0.29/5.83



EPS

1.62



Shares

63.59M



Beta

    -



Inst. own

22%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for CONE Midstream Partners LP »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add CNNX to my calendars





Aug 7, 2017
Q2 2017 Cone Midstream Partners LP Earnings Call
- 11:00AM EDT -






Aug 7, 2017
Q2 2017 Cone Midstream Partners LP Earnings Release
- 9:30AM EDT -






May 31, 2017
Cone Midstream Partners LP at MLP Investor Conference



May 4, 2017
Q1 2017 Cone Midstream Partners LP Earnings Call -






May 4, 2017
Q1 2017 Cone Midstream Partners LP Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
56.38%
54.40%

Operating margin
58.14%
55.15%

EBITD margin
-
64.08%

Return on average assets
14.46%
14.12%

Return on average equity
32.41%
28.10%

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
1000 Consol Energy DrCANONSBURG, PA 15317-6506United States
- Map+1-724-4854000 (Phone)+1-302-6555049 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.conemidstream.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Energy > Industry: Natural Gas Pipeline

More from FactSet »










Description




CONE Midstream Partners LP is a master limited partnership formed by CONSOL Energy Inc. (CONSOL) and Noble Energy, Inc. (Noble Energy). The Company owns, operates, develops and acquires natural gas gathering and other midstream energy assets to service CONSOL's and Noble Energy's production in the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. Its assets include natural gas gathering pipelines and compression and dehydration facilities, as well as condensate gathering, collection, separation and stabilization facilities. It operates through three segments: Anchor Systems, Growth Systems and Additional Systems. Its Anchor Systems include developed midstream systems, including its three midstream systems (the McQuay System, the Majorsville System and the Mamont System) and related assets. Its Growth Systems are located in the dry gas regions of its dedicated acreage. Its Additional Systems include various gathering systems located in the wet gas regions of its dedicated acreage.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Stephen W. Johnson

Chairman of the Board of General Partner





Age: 58

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

John T. Lewis

Chief Executive Officer, Director of General Partner





Age: 60

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Joseph M. Fink

Chief Operating Officer of General Partner





Age: 37

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Brian Robert Rich

Chief Accounting Officer of General Partner





Age: 40

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Kirk A A. Moore

General Counsel, Secretary of General Partner





Age: 60

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

David M. Khani

Chief Financial Officer, Director of General Partner





Age: 53

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

John D. Chandler

Director of General Partner





Age: 47

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Kenneth M. Fisher

Director of General Partner





Age: 55

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

John E. Jackson

Director of General Partner





Age: 58

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Angela A. Minas

Director of General Partner





Age: 52

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















CyrusOne Inc (CONE) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      CyrusOne Inc (CONE)
    
    - last 90 days
  



                Median target price: 
                                            $63
                  (5%  upside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    100%
                  

                of 5 analysts


                    Latest:     Credit Suisse | outperform | $73  | 
                                              06/30
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for CONE  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Cones, Safety Cones, & Traffic Safety in Stock - Uline



















Skip to Main Content





ULINE



1-800-295-5510







  |  


                            Cart 
                            $0.00 


  




My Account
  |  
Contact Us
  |  

Sign In

  |  


                            Cart 
                            $0.00 












Search Bar

Search











                            Products
                        




Anti-Static
Bags, Poly / Plastic
Barcode Labels and Printers
Boxes, Corrugated
Bubble Wrap
Carts
CDs, DVDs and Media
Cushioning / Foam
Custom Products
Damage Indicators
Desiccants


Drums, Pails and Containers
Edge Protectors
Envelopes / Mailers
Facilities Maintenance
Food Service and Packaging
Free Offers
Gloves
Janitorial Supplies
Jars, Jugs and Bottles
Labels
Markers / Stencils


Material Handling
Mats
Moving Boxes and Supplies
Overstock Sale
Packing List Envelopes
Personal Protection
Retail
Safety Products
Scales
Shelving, Bins and Storage
Shipping Supplies


Shrink Wrap
Store Operations
Strapping
Stretch Wrap
Tags
Tape
3M Specialty Tapes
Tubes
Warehouse Supplies / Equipment









                            Uline Products
                        



Brand Quality At Unbeatable Prices









                            Quick Order
                        



Order By Model Number









                            Catalog Request
                        



Catalog Request

View Online Catalog










                            Special Offers
                        



Monthly Specials, New Products, Overstock









                            About Us
                        



About Uline
Locations
Testimonials
Company History
Liz's Letter









                            Careers
                        






Career Listings
Company Culture
Benefits





























Home   >  
All Products   >  
Safety Products   >  
Traffic Safety




Traffic Safety




Traffic Cones





Delineator Posts





Channelizer Cones





Flexible Posts









Traffic Drums





Safety Barricade





Crowd Control Barrier





Barricade and Light





Safety Fencing





Rollup Traffic Signs





Traffic Warning Signs





A-Frame Barricade





Vertical Barricades





Kid Alert





Pedestrian Signs





Traffic Baton





Traffic Cone Bar





Traffic Cone Signs





Cone Topper Barrier





Traffic Cone Cart





Pop-Up Cones





Colored Cones





Highway WarningTriangle Kit





Fleet Safety Kit





Safety Flags





Bullhorns





Air Horn





Barricade Tape





Parking Lot Safety



 
 
 











< Back to Mobile Site


            07/27/2017 01:17:39 PM;
            USWEB7











Home
Contact Us
Help


All Products
Site Map
Product Index


Careers
Shipping Boxes
Plastic Bags


Catalog Request
Privacy / Terms
Uline.ca / Uline.mx 









 




















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































