

Louis G. Conforti: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 3:58 AM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Washington Prime Group Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Louis G. Conforti  Chief Executive Officer & Director, Washington Prime Group Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships52$6,316,993As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Louis G. Conforti, also known as Lou, serves as the Chief Executive Officer since October 6, 2016 and Director since May 27, 2014 of Washington Prime Group Inc. and previously served as an Interim Chief Executive Officer from June 20, 2016 to October 6, 2016. Mr. Conforti brings to firm a progressive and successful career in the real estate industry, specifically in the REIT space. Previously, he served as Global Head of Strategy and Executive Director at Colony ... Capital, Inc since July 30, 2015 until July 4, 2016. Mr. Conforti served as a Senior Managing Director at Balyasny Asset Management L.P. until March 2015 and as a Real Estate Portfolio Manager from December 19, 2012 to March 2015. Previously, he served as the Global Head of Real Estate and Head of Global Property Group at UBS O'Connor LLC. Mr. Conforti was a Partner and Senior Portfolio Manager at O'Connor Colony Property Strategies. In addition, he was a Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Investments at Stark Investments LP and had also worked at The Greenwood Group. Previously, He served as a Co-President and Chief Financial Officer at Prime Group Realty Trust since June 2000 until October 2013. From November 1999 to June 2000, he served as an Executive Vice President of Capital Markets at Prime Group Realty Trust., and from June 1998 to November 1999, He served as Senior Vice President of Capital Markets at the firm. From July 1997 to May 1998, he served as an Executive Director of Real Estate Investment Banking at CIBC Oppenheimer Corp. Prior to his affiliation with the firm, he was a Vice President in the Real Estate Group of Alex Brown & Sons. During his career, He has been responsible for the completion of publicly-traded and privately-placed equity, preferred equity and commercial mortgage transactions, including commercial mortgage-backed securitizations, totaling several billion dollars as well as strategic advisory for public and private real estate companies. Prior to PGE, Mr. Conforti was an investment banker at Alex Brown & Sons and CIBC World Markets. He serves as a Director of Simon Property Group, Inc. He has been an Executive Director of Colony Capital, Inc. since July 30, 2015. He has been a Director of Washington Prime Group Inc. since May 27, 2014. He is a member of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and the Urban Land Institute. He holds a Bachelor's Degree from Lake Forest College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
180 East Broad StreetColumbus, Ohio 43215United StatesPhone: 614-621-9000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2014-PresentChief Executive Officer & DirectorWashington Prime Group Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree Lake Forest College
Other Affiliations
Prime Group Realty TrustUBS O'Connor LLCStark Investments LPLake Forest CollegeBalyasny Asset Management L.P.Colony NorthStar, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,825,000Total Annual Compensation$1,825,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$3,420,000All Other Compensation$527,171
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$2,896,993Total Short Term Compensation$1,825,000Other Long Term Compensation$3,947,171Total Calculated Compensation$6,316,993




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDavid R. Lukes Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDDR Corp.--Stephen D. Lebovitz Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCBL & Associates Properties, Inc.$941.5KSteven R. Goldman Chief Executive Officer and DirectorFelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated--James L. Francis Chief Executive Officer, President and TrusteeChesapeake Lodging Trust$1.2MJon E. Bortz CPAChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentPebblebrook Hotel Trust$750.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Washington Prime Group Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























WPG Louis G. Conforti Insider Trades for Washington Prime Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Washington Prime Group Inc.

                  NYSE: WPG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Washington Prime Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


WPG

/quotes/zigman/76718018/composite


$
9.12




Change

-0.0018
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 21,680
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/76718018/composite
Previous close

$
			9.16
		


$
				9.12
			
Change

-0.04
-0.44%





Day low
Day high
$8.96
$9.25










52 week low
52 week high

            $7.31
        

            $14.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Louis G. Conforti



Mr. Louis G. Conforti is Executive Director & Global Head at Colony Capital LLC and Senior Managing Director at Balyasny Asset Management LP. He is on the Board of Directors at Washington Prime Group, Inc. 
Mr. Conforti was previously employed as an Independent Director by Washington Prime Group, Inc. /Old/, a Principal by Stark & Roth LLC, Senior Managing Director by Greenwood Group LLC, Investment Banker by Alex. Brown & Sons, Inc., Investment Banker by CIBC World Markets Corp. (Old), and Co-President by Riverview Realty Partners LP. He also served on the board at UBS O'Connor LLC. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Lake Forest College and an MBA from The University of Chicago.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/05/2017
12,125


 
Acquisition at $8.25 per share.


100,031


03/31/2017
28,700


 
Acquisition at $8.68 per share.


249,116





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Louis G. Conforti 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Keric M. Knerr 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Mark Edward Yale 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Cheryl M. VanPatten 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Thomas J. Drought 
Executive Vice President & Leasing Director




Mr. Gregory E. Zimmerman 
Executive Vice President-Development




Mr. J. Taggart Birge 
Director




Ms. Melissa A. Indest 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior VP-Finance




Mr. Kimberly  Green 
Director-Investor Relations




Ms. Pagle M. Helterbrand 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Robert P. Demchak 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Robert J. Laikin 
Non-Executive Chairman




Ms. Sheryl G. von Blucher 
Independent Director




Mr. John J. Dillon 
Independent Director




Mr. John F. Levy 
Independent Director




Ms. Jacquelyn R. Soffer 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:58 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:25aShares of European automakers fall after cartel-claims report 
3:24aAnglo American Platinum swings to loss
3:08aAnglo American Platinum swings to loss
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.3% higher at 5,132.60
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.1% lower at 12,227
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.3% higher at 5,131.74
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,437.43
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.71 
2:46aTrump to make statement on healthcare Monday: reports
2:28aReckitt Benckiser profit rises on reduced costs
2:15aChinese regulator tells insurers to shape up
2:14aRandgold looks to get more out of Tongon mine
2:12aRyanair profit soars 55%; warns on overcapacity
2:10aSiemens and Bombardier in talks to form train JVs
2:09aVW asks EU to scrutinize German car makers
2:04aKKR close to announcing deal for WebMD
1:45aJulius Baer assets under management jump
1:44aRoyal Philips profit rises, begins share buybacks
1:44aRyanair profit rises 55%, beating expectations
1:34aHow OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































Conforti, Louis G. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Louis G. Conforti
LOUIS G. CONFORTI serves as Co-President and Chief Financial
Officer of Prime Group Realty Trust since May 2000. Mr. Conforti
served as Executive Vice President and Director of Capital
Markets from August 1999 through May 2000. Mr. Conforti served as
Senior Vice President and Director of Capital Markets for the
company from June 1998 through August 1999. From July 1997 to
July 1998, Mr. Conforti served as Executive Director of Realty
Estate Investment Banking for CIBC Oppenheimer Corp. in New York.
Immediately prior to CIBC Oppenheimer, Mr. Conforti was a Vice
President concentrating in real estate investment banking at
Alex. Brown & Sons Incorporated located in Baltimore, Maryland.
During his career, Mr. Conforti has been responsible for the
completion of several billion dollars of real estate
transactions, including public equity and convertible preferred
equity issuance, private placement of preferred equity,
commercial mortgage-backed securitization, and financial advisory
for real estate investment trusts and private real estate
companies. Mr. Conforti is a member of the National Association
of Real estate Investment Trusts and the Urban Land Institute.
Related Interviews:Louis Conforti - Prime Group Realty Trust (pge)June 02, 2003







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Louis Conforti, Washington Prime Group Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






























Feedback





Louis Conforti

Chief Executive Officer,
Washington Prime Group Inc






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
Washington Prime Group Inc, 10/2016-PRESENT


Intrim CEO/Director
Glimcher Properties LP, PRESENT


Interim CEO
Washington Prime Group Inc, 8/2016-10/2016


Exec Dir/Principal/Head:Strategy
Colony Capital Inc, 4/2014-9/2016


Executive Director/Head:Strategy
Colony Capital LLC, UNKNOWN-9/2016


Interim CEO
WP Glimcher Inc, 6/2016-8/2016


Co-President/CFO
Prime Group Realty Trust, 6/2000-10/2003


Exec VP
Prime Group Realty Trust, 6/1998-6/2000


Executive Director
CIBC Oppenheimer Corp, 7/1997-5/1998


Executive Dir/Head:Strategy
Balyasny Asset Management LP, 2014-UNKNOWN



Colony Capital LLC, 2014-UNKNOWN


Portfolio Manager
UBS O'connor LLC, FORMER


Senior Mng Dir/Portfolio Mgr
Balyasny Asset Management LP, FORMER


Managing Director
Stark Investments, FORMER


Investment Banker
Alex Brown & Sons Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.washingtonprime.com






Corporate Information
Address:

180 East Broad Street
Columbus, OH 43215
United States


Phone:
1-614-621-9000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.washingtonprime.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Washington Prime Group Inc


Board Member, 8/2016-PRESENT




WP Glimcher Inc


Board Member, 5/2014-8/2016




Washington Prime Group Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Simon Property Group Inc


Board Member, FORMER



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Louis G. Conforti - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Louis G. Conforti
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Washington Prime Group Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Louis G. Conforti? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Louis G. Conforti's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Louis G. Conforti's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Louis G. Conforti's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Louis G. Conforti through your network of contacts.
												








Louis G. Conforti's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, 
Washington Prime Group Inc.


Past
To view Louis G. Conforti's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


Louis G. Conforti's Biography



Louis G. Conforti became a director of the Company on May 27, 2014 and served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer from June 20, 2016 until October 6, 2016 when he became our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Conforti served as Principal/Executive Director of Colony Capital, Inc. as the Global Head of Strategy as well as focusing on publicly traded investing from April 2014 until June 20, 2016. Mr. Conforti was Managing Director of Balyasny Asset Management LP ("Balyasny"), an alternative investment manager firm, from December 2013 until April 2014. Prior to his service with Balyasny, Mr. Conforti was Global Head of Real Estate for UBS O'Connor, ...
(Read More)

			Louis G. Conforti became a director of the Company on May 27, 2014 and served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer from June 20, 2016 until October 6, 2016 when he became our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Conforti served as Principal/Executive Director of Colony Capital, Inc. as the Global Head of Strategy as well as focusing on publicly traded investing from April 2014 until June 20, 2016. Mr. Conforti was Managing Director of Balyasny Asset Management LP ("Balyasny"), an alternative investment manager firm, from December 2013 until April 2014. Prior to his service with Balyasny, Mr. Conforti was Global Head of Real Estate for UBS O'Connor, the alternative investment management division of UBS AG, a financial services firm, from October 2008 to November 2013. During that time, he also served as Senior Portfolio Manager of O'Connor Colony Property Strategies, a partnership with Colony Capital LLC. Mr. Conforti also served as Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Investments at the hedge fund firm of Stark Investments from January 2005 to October 2008. His predecessor real estate hedge fund, The Greenwood Group, was acquired by Stark Investments in January 2005. Mr. Conforti served as Co-President and Chief Financial Officer of Prime Group Realty Trust ("Prime"), a publicly traded office and industrial property REIT, from June 2000 to October 2003; as its Executive Vice President Capital Markets, from June 1988 to November 1999, and as its Senior Vice President Capital Markets, from June 1998 to November 1999. Prior to his service with Prime, Mr. Conforti worked at the investment banking firms of CIBC World Markets and Alex Brown & Sons within their real estate investment banking and capital markets divisions.
 
Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Conforti has substantial real estate industry experience, with strong skills in real estate investments, executive management, corporate finance, capital markets, financial statement and accounting matters and other public company matters.
		
Source: Washington Prime Group Inc. on 04/07/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Louis G. Conforti's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Louis G. Conforti. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Louis G. Conforti's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Louis G. Conforti's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Louis G. Conforti through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Louis G. Conforti


















Louis G. Conforti's Connections (39)





Sign up now to view Louis G. Conforti's 39 connections »









David E. Simon
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Simon Property Group, Inc.









Christopher J. Nassetta
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Hilton, Inc.









Michael J. Gaffney
Former Executive Vice President and Head, Capital Markets, Washington Prime Group Inc.









Myles H. Minton
Former Consultant, Washington Prime Group Inc.









Mark E. Yale
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Washington Prime Group Inc.









Robert P. Demchak
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Washington Prime Group Inc.









Richard S. Sokolov
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer, Simon Property Group, Inc.









James R. Thompson
Lead Independent Director, Navigant Consulting, Inc.









Michael P. Glimcher
Former Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Washington Prime Group Inc.









Robert J. Laikin
Chairman of the Board, Washington Prime Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























 



需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


   Louis Conforti | Balyasny Asset Management L.P | ZoomInfo.com 



WP Glimcher Announces Leadership Transition and Proposed Corporate Change of Name | Business Wire
























































WP Glimcher Announces Leadership Transition and Proposed Corporate 
      Change of Name





        Resignation of Michael P. Glimcher as Vice Chairman, Chief Executive 
        Officer and Director
      

        Louis G. Conforti to serve as Interim CEO
      

        Robert J. Laikin to serve as non-executive Chairman of the Board of 
        Directors
      

        Robert P. Demchak appointed Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
        and Corporate Secretary
      

        John F. Levy and John F. Dillon to join the Board of Directors
      

        Niles C. Overly resigns as a member of the Board of Directors
      

        Proposed Corporate Name Change to Washington Prime Group Inc.
      






June 20, 2016 05:33 PM Eastern Daylight Time



COLUMBUS, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--WP Glimcher Inc. (NYSE: WPG), a premier retail real estate investment 
      trust specializing in the ownership, management and development of 
      shopping centers, today announced the following leadership changes to 
      the Executive team and Board of Directors, as well as the proposed 
      change of the Company’s name to Washington Prime Group Inc. The Company 
      expects to take a charge associated with the management changes and 
      investigation of strategic alternatives in the second quarter of 2016.
    

Resignation of Michael P. Glimcher as Vice 
      Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director


      On June 20, 2016, Michael P. Glimcher resigned from his positions as 
      Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Vice Chairman of the Board 
      and also resigned from the Board effective immediately.
    

Appointment of Louis G. Conforti as Interim 
      Chief Executive Officer of the Company


      On June 20, 2016, the Board appointed Mr. Louis G. Conforti, a current 
      director of the Company, as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. 
      Conforti will remain as a member of the Board.
    

      Lou Conforti stated: “During the next few months, the focus is 
      straightforward: maximize current cash flow of the Company which 
      involves traditional and innovative leasing as well as reducing G&A. In 
      addition, an evaluation as it relates to the Company’s portfolio 
      composition is to be undertaken. The bottom line is that we’ll be 
      rolling up our sleeves and concentrating on the basics of our business.”
    

About Lou Conforti


      Louis G. Conforti, 51, became a director of the Company on May 27, 2014. 
      Since April 2014, Mr. Conforti has been a Principal/Executive Director 
      of Colony Capital, Inc. as the Global Head of Strategy as well as 
      focusing on publicly traded investing. Since December 2013, Mr. Conforti 
      was Managing Director of Balyasny Asset Management LP, an alternative 
      investment manager firm. Prior, Mr. Conforti was Global Head of Real 
      Estate for UBS O’Connor, the alternative investment management division 
      of UBS AG, a financial services firm, from October 2008 to November 
      2013. During that time, he also served as Senior Portfolio Manager of 
      O’Connor Colony Property Strategies, a partnership with Colony Capital 
      LLC. Previously, he was Managing Director and Head of Real Estate 
      Investments at the hedge fund firm of Stark Investments, from January 
      2005 to October 2008. His predecessor real estate hedge fund, The 
      Greenwood Group, was acquired by Stark Investments in January 2005. Mr. 
      Conforti served as Co President and Chief Financial Officer of Prime 
      Group Realty Trust, a publicly traded office and industrial property 
      real estate investment trust, from June 2000 to October 2003, as its 
      Executive Vice President Capital Markets, from June 1988 to November 
      1999, and as its Senior Vice President Capital Markets, from June 1998 
      to November 1999. Prior to that, Mr. Conforti worked at the investment 
      banking firms of CIBC World Markets and Alex. Brown & Sons within their 
      real estate investment banking and capital markets divisions.
    

Appointment of Robert P. Demchak as Executive 
      Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


      On June 16, 2016, the Board appointed Robert P. Demchak as Executive 
      Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company.
    

Changes in the Composition of the Board of 
      Directors


      On June 20, 2016, the Board appointed Mr. Robert J. Laikin, a current 
      director of the Company, as non-executive Chairman of the Board.
    

      In connection with becoming the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Laikin’s role 
      as Lead Independent Director has been eliminated. Mr. Laikin will 
      continue to serve on the Governance and Nominating and Compensation 
      Committees of the Board.
    

      Mr. Mark S. Ordan will remain as a director of the Company.
    

      On June 20, 2016, the Board appointed Mr. John F. Levy and Mr. John F. 
      Dillon as directors. The Board appointed Mr. Levy as Chair of the 
      Company’s Audit Committee and as a member of the Governance and 
      Nominating Committee and Mr. Dillon as Chair of the Company’s 
      Compensation Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee.
    

      On June 20, 2016, Niles C. Overly resigned from the Board.
    

      The Board now consists of five independent members: Messrs. Laikin, 
      Dillon and Levy, Ms. Jackie R. Soffer and Mr. Marvin L. White, as well 
      as Messrs. Conforti and Ordan.
    

      Ms. Soffer will continue to serve as Chair of the Governance and 
      Nominating Committee and as a member of the Compensation Committee and 
      Mr. White will continue to serve as a member of the Audit and Governance 
      and Nominating Committees.
    

Proposed Name Change to Washington Prime Group 
      Inc.


      The Company will include a proposal to change its name to Washington 
      Prime Group Inc. at its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled to be 
      held on August 30, 2016. The branding change will take place over the 
      next several months.
    

About WP Glimcher


      WP Glimcher Inc. is a retail REIT and a recognized leader in the 
      ownership, management, acquisition and development of retail properties, 
      including mixed-use, open-air and enclosed regional malls as well as 
      community centers. The Company currently owns a material interest in and 
      manages 118 shopping centers totaling more than 67 million square feet 
      diversified by size, geography and tenancy. WP Glimcher combines a 
      national real estate portfolio with an investment grade balance sheet, 
      leveraging its expertise across the entire shopping center sector to 
      increase cash flow through rigorous management of assets and provide new 
      opportunities to retailers looking for growth throughout the U.S. WP 
      Glimcher® is a registered trademark of the Company. Learn more at www.wpglimcher.com.
    

Regulation Fair Disclosure (FD)


      The Company routinely posts important information online on the investor 
      relations website, www.investor.wpglimcher.com. 
      The Company uses this website, press releases, SEC filings, conference 
      calls, presentations and webcasts to disclose material, non-public 
      information in accordance with Regulation FD. The Company encourages 
      members of the investment community to monitor these distribution 
      channels for material disclosures. Any information accessed through the 
      Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a 
      part of, this document.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This news release contains “forward-looking statements” within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which 
      represent the current expectations and beliefs of management of WP 
      Glimcher Inc. (“WPG”) concerning the proposed transactions, the 
      anticipated consequences and benefits of the transactions and the 
      targeted close date for the transactions, and other future events and 
      their potential effects on WPG, including, but not limited to, 
      statements relating to anticipated financial and operating results, the 
      company’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, cost savings 
      and other statements, including words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” 
      “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “will,” “should,” “may,” and 
      other similar expressions. Such statements are based upon the current 
      beliefs and expectations of WPG’s management, and involve known and 
      unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the 
      actual results, performance, or achievements of WPG to be materially 
      different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or 
      implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, 
      without limitation: the ability to satisfy the conditions to 
      transactions on the proposed terms and timeframe; the possibility that 
      the transactions do not close when expected or at all; the ability to 
      finance the transactions; the effect of the announcement of 
      transaction(s) on the WPG’s relationships with their respective tenants, 
      lenders or other business parties or on their operating results and 
      businesses generally; changes in asset quality and credit risk; ability 
      to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in political, economic 
      or market conditions generally and the real estate and capital markets 
      specifically; the impact of increased competition; the availability of 
      capital and financing; tenant or joint venture partner(s) bankruptcies; 
      the failure to increase mall store occupancy and same-mall operating 
      income; risks associated with the acquisition, development, expansion, 
      leasing and management of properties; risks related to the January 2015 
      merger with Glimcher Realty Trust (“Glimcher”), including the ability to 
      fully and effectively integrate WPG’s business with that of Glimcher; 
      changes in market rental rates; trends in the retail industry; 
      relationships with anchor tenants; risks relating to joint venture 
      properties; costs of common area maintenance; competitive market forces; 
      the level and volatility of interest rates; the rate of revenue 
      increases as compared to expense increases; the financial stability of 
      tenants within the retail industry; the restrictions in current 
      financing arrangements or the failure to comply with such arrangements; 
      the liquidity of real estate investments; the impact of changes to tax 
      legislation and WPG’s tax positions; failure to qualify as a real estate 
      investment trust; the failure to refinance debt at favorable terms and 
      conditions; loss of key personnel; material changes in the dividend 
      rates on securities or the ability to pay dividends on common shares or 
      other securities; possible restrictions on the ability to operate or 
      dispose of any partially-owned properties; the failure to achieve 
      earnings/funds from operations targets or estimates; the failure to 
      achieve projected returns or yields on development and investment 
      properties (including joint ventures); expected gains on debt 
      extinguishment; changes in generally accepted accounting principles or 
      interpretations thereof; terrorist activities and international 
      hostilities; the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; the impact 
      of future acquisitions and divestitures; assets that may be subject to 
      impairment charges; significant costs related to environmental issues; 
      and other risks and uncertainties, including those detailed from time to 
      time in WPG’s statements and periodic reports filed with the Securities 
      and Exchange Commission, including those described under “Risk Factors”. 
      The forward-looking statements in this communication are qualified by 
      these risk factors. Each statement speaks only as of the date of this 
      press release and WPG undertakes no obligation to update or revise any 
      forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or 
      circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from current 
      projections, expectations, and plans, if any. Investors, potential 
      investors and others should give careful consideration to these risks 
      and uncertainties.
    




Contacts

      WP Glimcher Inc.Lisa A. Indest, CAO & Senior VP, Finance614-887-5844lisa.indest@wpglimcher.comorKimberly 
      A. Green, Director of Investor Relations614-887-5647kim.green@wpglimcher.com


















Contacts

      WP Glimcher Inc.Lisa A. Indest, CAO & Senior VP, Finance614-887-5844lisa.indest@wpglimcher.comorKimberly 
      A. Green, Director of Investor Relations614-887-5647kim.green@wpglimcher.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












