





Context Capital Management – Absolute Return Credit Opportunities 































 










Skip to content
























 
CONTEXT Capital Management, LLC

 





























About – Context Capital Management































 










Skip to content

























About Context Capital
 

Context Capital Management, LLC is an SEC-registered alternative asset management firm based in La Jolla, California and Jupiter, Florida. Our firm looks for asymmetric return profiles, opportunities where downside risk is protected and upside can be exploited. Specifically, we specialize in fixed income and relative-value strategies with a focus on event-driven credit trades. Trades are most typically constructed with long convertible and/or corporate bonds and short common stock positions. 

 



We strive to achieve consistent absolute rates of return with an emphasis on the preservation of capital via rigorous risk management and a diversified portfolio.  Context pursues a number of synergistic investment strategies with diverse themes and return drivers. Once it identifies investment opportunities, it establishes trades to isolate asymmetric return distributions. This tailored approach to investing allows Context to also construct bespoke funds or managed accounts in consultation with its clients. 

 
 





























Our Approach – Context Capital Management































 










Skip to content

























Our Approach


Universe
The global convertible bond, convertible preferred and mandatory universe has a market capitalization of nearly $500B with approximately 44% of the universe US based companies. Mr.Rosen, Mr. Fertig and Mr. Carnegie each have extensive experience managing portfolios of these securities from issuers in the US, EMEA, Japan and Asia. New issuance in the sector have been robust over the years across many different economic cycles as companies of all sizes find it advantageous to issue new bonds when volatility in the equity markets is elevated, when interest rates are high, or when fast growing smaller companies need to finance their growth.


Research
Fundamental and quantitative analysis
Leverage extensive network of business and industry contacts
Leverage internal knowledge of specific companies and industries
Maintain active dialogue with portfolio company management

Portfolio
Bottom-up selection process with adherence to diversification mandate
Cross-strategy idea generation and trade construction
Top-down capital allocation based on relative value

Controls
Rigorous risk management process Diversification and concentration limits Limited use of leverage Strict legal and compliance standards
     





























Our Team – Context Capital Management































 










Skip to content

























Our Team
Michael S. Rosen, CFA, Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and co-founder, is widely recognized for his expertise in managing convertible securities. Mr. Rosen was the co-principal owner of Rochester Capital Advisors, LP and FMC, Inc., the two investment advisers to The Rochester Funds, a mutual fund company specializing in the management of convertible securities and high-yield municipal bonds. From inception in 1983 to the sale of those funds to Oppenheimer Funds, Inc. in January 1996, assets under management grew to $3 billion. (Currently assets managed by the Rochester Division total more than $30 billion.) At the time of the sale, the convertible securities fund managed by Mr. Rosen had the best five-year performance as ranked by Lipper Analytical. From 1996 to 2000, Mr. Rosen served as a Portfolio Manager and President of the Rochester Division of Oppenheimer Funds, Inc. BusinessWeek named Mr. Rosen the “Best Bond Fund Manager” in 1992. Mr. Rosen has been on the Board of Trustees for the University of Rochester since 2004, where he also serves on the Investment and Development Committees. Mr. Rosen is Co-Founder, Director and Chairman of Reality Shares, Inc. Mr. Rosen was a director of Entravision (NYSE – EVC) from 2000 – 2007. During 2007 he served on the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Past director positions also include Global Locate, Inc. (2000 – 2007), Danskin, Inc. (1995 – 1997) and Palmer R. Chitester Fund (2005 – 2008). He received a B.A. degree in Economics and an M.B.A. in Finance and Marketing from the University of Rochester in 1981 and 1983, respectively. Mr. Rosen is also a Chartered Financial Analyst.
William D. Fertig, Co-Chairman, Chief Investment Officer, and co-founder, has been actively involved in virtually all aspects of the U.S. convertible, high yield and equity markets. For the first nine years of his career, Mr. Fertig was a proprietary trader for E.F. Hutton and Credit Suisse. Mr. Fertig headed convertible sales at Credit Suisse and Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1990 Mr. Fertig spearheaded McMahan Securities’ entry into the brokerage business focusing exclusively on convertible and derivative securities. As Managing Director, he oversaw the sales and trading efforts and served on the Executive and Risk Management Committees. Under Mr. Fertig’s direction, McMahan Securities grew to be one of the nation’s largest independent convertible and derivative securities dealers. Mr. Fertig has been involved in more than one hundred corporate underwritings and debt restructurings. Mr. Fertig has been a member of the Key Energy Services board of directors since 2000. He chairs the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee, and sits on the Compensation Committee and Executive Committee. Since June of 2011, Mr. Fertig has been a trustee for ProShares and ProFunds, the world’s largest provider of leveraged and inverse funds. Mr. Fertig received a B.S. with high honors in Economics from Allegheny College, and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He received his M.B.A. with a concentration in Finance from New York University’s Stern School in 1985.
Charles Carnegie, CFA joined Context as a Managing Partner and Portfolio Manager in November 2015. This is Mr. Carnegie's second go-around with the Context team as he began his career here. Mr. Carnegie is coming from Hutchin Hill Capital Management, where he was a Senior Credit Analyst and Trader focused on credit and relative value opportunities including convertible, high yield and distressed corporate bonds and capital structure arbitrage. Previously, Mr. Carnegie worked at Graham Capital Management, a large macro focused hedge fund, where he worked in a similar role. Prior to Graham, Mr. Carnegie was a Distressed Analyst at Knight Capital Group while also teaching Principles of Modern Finance as an Adjunct Professor in the MBA program at Fordham University's Gabelli School of Business. Mr. Carnegie started his career at Context and was with the firm until 2008. Mr. Carnegie has BAs in Economics and Philosophy from University of Southern California and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.

  


























Context Capital Management



















Our FirmOur Investment TeamOur Investment Philosophy Our Investment StrategiesContact Us


Our Firm
	 

          Context Capital Management, LLC is an SEC-registered alternative asset management firm based in La Jolla, California and Jupiter, Florida.  The firm specializes in fixed income and relative-value strategies with a focus on event-driven credit trades.  Trades are most typically constructed with long convertible and/or corporate bonds and short common stock positions.

	 

          Context’s principals, Michael Rosen and William Fertig have a long and accomplished record in the fixed income space. Our mission is to leverage our insights, experience, and deep network of Wall Street and Industry contacts to generate consistent absolute returns with low correlation to the broad equity and fixed income markets. 

	 

	        





 


Context Capital Management



















Our FirmOur Investment TeamOur Investment Philosophy Our Investment StrategiesContact Us


Contact Us
	 

Michael S. Rosen, CFA

mrosen@contextfunds.com

	 

858.481.3666 ex 1

	 

Context Capital Management, LLC

2223 Avenida De La Playa

Suite 300

La Jolla, CA 92037

	 

	 

	 

	 

This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in any fund managed by us.  Any offering is made only pursuant to the relevant offering document, together with the current financial statements of the relevant fund, if available, and the relevant subscription application, all of which must be read in their entirety.  No offer to purchase securities will be made or accepted prior to receipt by the offeree of these documents and the completion of all appropriate documentation. Past performance of a fund is no guarantee as to its performance in the future.

	 

	 





 


Context Capital Partners :: Welcome























Firm OverviewContext SummitsContact Us





Delivering Edge
Context Capital Partners is a leading alternative investment specialist firm. Through direct and indirect partnerships Context can provide seed capital, marketing, distribution, operations and infrastructure support to top tier asset managers. Context focus is delivering superior investment solutions to institutional investors and family offices by launching and expanding low correlation investment products that deliver clear edge.


Firm Overview


Context business holdings span asset classes including real estate, specialty finance, hedge funds, and liquid alternatives. To further support the alternative asset ecosystem, Context offers executive recruitment and connects asset managers and investment allocators through a world-class conference business.


Context Capital Partners current business portfolio includes the following:
	
Seed investments in multiple hedge funds and liquid alternative funds
Context | Business Lending – middle market asset based lender
Context | Jensen Partners – executive search for the alternative asset industry
Context Summits – investment conference for the alternative asset industry
Context | Family Network – a global movement to unite affluent families and their executives




Context’s highly experienced in-house team of investment professionals evaluates each fund concept and management team. A rigorous selection process seeks to thoroughly validate business models, market dynamics and operational requirements. Context also pays special attention to the management team’s track record and expertise in the concept area. This vetting process ensures the prospect of high risk-adjusted returns and helps refine the concept for success.
Through a unique approach to identifying, evaluating and overseeing highly differentiated and specialized investment solutions, Context delivers edge as a full financial and operational partner for its fund managers.




About


Context Summits is the efficient frontier for events in the Alternative Asset Management industry. Our mission is to deliver productive, well organized and effective events designed to maximize attendees’ return on investment. Whether you are an asset manager, allocator or service provider, Context Summits will connect you with the experts you need to successfully meet your mandate.
Our next event, Context Summits West, will be held at Monarch Beach Resort, Dana Point, CA on September 17-19, 2017.
Learn more



PRODUCTIVE
Context Summits provides all our participants with the most productive conference environment to conduct business meetings and justify their time and expense.


EFFICIENT
Context Summits understands that our participant's time is valuable. We make the conference experience as efficient as possible with prearranged meetings with participants who have a genuine interest in meeting with one another. The days of roaming the halls and sessions in hopes of meeting someone are over!


FOCUSED
Context Summits are focused on business meetings between managers, investors and industry experts. Meetings are scheduled for the majority of each day with high end networking events in the evening to complete a very productive day for all.





Contact Us

401 City Avenue  Suite 815Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004

Call610.538.6100
Emailinfo@contextcp.com
Fax610.660.5000





				© 2017 Context Capital Partners  |  401 City Avenue Suite 815 Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004
				Context Capital Partners is not affiliated with Context Capital Management, LLC or Context Partners Fund, LP.
				







Context Capital Management, LLC                                                                                          - Greenwich                                         , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Greenwich



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Context Capital Management, LLC
                                    



 





















C 


Context Capital Management, LLC                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



289 GREENWICH AVE STE 4 GREENWICH, CT 06830
Get Directions



(203) 422-2124
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Framcesea Ambrosoni                                                                                                     







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Trademark of CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC. Serial Number: 76277478 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
Investment management services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   management   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark by CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
                                in SAN DIEGO, CA, 92130.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC of the CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, June 27, 2001,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT by 
                        CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, SAN DIEGO, CA  92130.
                        The USPTO has given the CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  76277478.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            JON L. ROBERTS of 
                                            ROBERTS ABOKHAIR & MARDULA LLC,  11800 SUNRISE VALLEY DR STE 1000, RESTON VA 20191-5302 
                                .
                            The CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
                            is Investment management services. 
                            





Word mark:
 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

1/16/2010



  Serial Number:  
76277478


  Filing Date:  
6/27/2001


 Registration Number:  
2725400 


 Registration Date:  
6/10/2003


 Goods and Services: 
Investment management services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/5/2002


Last Applicant/Owner:

CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLCSAN DIEGO, CA  92130
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


JON L. ROBERTS
ROBERTS ABOKHAIR & MARDULA LLC
11800 SUNRISE VALLEY DR STE 1000
RESTON VA 20191-5302






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/1/2001


First Use In Commerce: 
9/1/2001





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/16/2010
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JON L. ROBERTS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search contextcapitalmanage on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 




CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT is providing Investment management services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Context Capital Management, LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports





Context Capital Management, LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis





Date:
November 25, 2016



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Electronic (e.g. PDF) - US$ 200.00
Hard Copy - US$ 250.00
CD-ROM;Site Licence - US$ 400.00
Enterprisewide - US$ 500.00




Publisher:
OG Analysis


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

 E-mail Delivery (PDF), Hard Copy Mail Delivery


ID:
C723CD4B631IEN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Figures





'Context Capital Management, LLC Company Profile' is a complete analysis of the company's operations, strategies, outlook and historic performance. The research work analyzes key strategies in current market conditions, SWOT profile, future plans and projects being planned by the company. Current operations, potential segments along with its key advantages which provide an edge over its competitors are detailed. Context Capital Management, LLC's business description, products, services and projects are detailed in the report. Further, key brands, operating locations, subsidiaries and affiliates are analyzed in detail. Context Capital Management, LLC company profile competitors are listed along with CEO's annual outlook statement, key employees, organization structure and contact information is analyzed. Further, M&A deals, expansion and asset purchase plans of the company are also detailed. Detailed SWOT and financial analysis of Context Capital Management, LLC are included in the research work. Key events in the history of the company and all latest updates of the company are provided.








1 TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.1 List of Tables
1.2 List of Figures
2 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- SNAPSHOT
2.1 Context Capital Management, LLC- Overview
2.2 Business Strategies and Outlook
2.3 Stock Information
3 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- LOCATIONS, SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES
3.1 Operating Areas
3.2 Subsidiaries
3.3 Affiliate, JV companies
4 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- SWOT PROFILE
4.1 Strengths
4.2 Weaknesses
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Threats
5 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- OUTLOOK STATEMENT6 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- HISTORY7 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- BUSINESS OPERATION STRUCTURE
7.1 Business Overview
7.2 Operations by Segments
8 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
8.1 Key Products
8.2 Key Services
9 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC-KEY COMPETITORS10 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- MANAGEMENT AND KEY EMPLOYEES11 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- FINANCIAL ANALYSIS AND STATEMENTS
11.1 Income Statements
11.2 Cash Flow Statements
11.3 Balance Sheet
12 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- CONTACT INFORMATION13 CONTEXT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC- RECENT DEVELOPMENTS14 APPENDIX
14.1 About OGAnalysis
14.2 Sources and Research Methodology
Financial Analysis will be provided for the latest year as reported by the companyTable 1: Context Capital Management, LLC- Key Snapshot
Table 2: Context Capital Management, LLC- Geographic Locations
Table 3: Key Events and History
Table 4: Context Capital Management, LLC- Income Statements
Table 5: Context Capital Management, LLC- Balance Sheet
Table 6: Cash Flow Statements


LIST OF FIGURESFigure 1: SWOT Analysis
Figure 2: Financial StatementsCOMPANIES MENTIONEDContext Capital Management, LLC
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Artis Capital Management, LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis
US$ 200.00
Nov, 2016 · 30 pages


COSCO Capital Management LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis
US$ 200.00
Nov, 2016 · 30 pages


Firelake Capital Management, LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis
US$ 200.00
Nov, 2016 · 30 pages


Glynn Capital Management LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis
US$ 200.00
Nov, 2016 · 30 pages


Trilantic Capital Management LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis
US$ 200.00
Nov, 2016 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Context Capital Management, LLC Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






















Context Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 7:40 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Context Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Context Capital Management, LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm also provides business consulting services to companies on matters such as corporate restructurings, capital formation, mergers and acquisitions, and management and strategic issues. It primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals. It manages separate client-focused portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It invests in high yield credit, convertible preferred stocks, convertible bonds, and corporate bonds. The firm makes use of strategies such as short positions, long positions, convertible ...
Context Capital Management, LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm also provides business consulting services to companies on matters such as corporate restructurings, capital formation, mergers and acquisitions, and management and strategic issues. It primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals. It manages separate client-focused portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It invests in high yield credit, convertible preferred stocks, convertible bonds, and corporate bonds. The firm makes use of strategies such as short positions, long positions, convertible arbitrage, capital structure arbitrage, catalyst/event driven, relative value, credit opportunity, and fundamental overlay. It employs a combination of fundamental analysis and technical analysis with a focus on top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. The firm uses in-house research to make its investments. Context Capital Management, LLC was founded in 2001 and is based in La Jolla, California with an additional office in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


2223 Avenida De La PlayaSuite 300La Jolla, CA 92037United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 858-481-3666

Fax: 858-481-3667

www.contextfunds.com







Key Executives for Context Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Michael Stuart Rosen CFA


      	Co-Founder, Managing Member, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Co-Chairman
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. William David Fertig


      	Co-Founder, Managing Member, Chief Investment Officer, and Co-Chairman
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Theodore Tu CFA


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Michael F. McNulty CFA


      	Director of Research
      








Mr. Charles Carnegie CFA


      	Managing Partner and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Context Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.contextfunds.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Context Capital Management



















Our FirmOur Investment TeamOur Investment Philosophy Our Investment StrategiesContact Us


Our Firm
	 

          Context Capital Management, LLC is an SEC-registered alternative asset management firm based in La Jolla, California and Jupiter, Florida.  The firm specializes in fixed income and relative-value strategies with a focus on event-driven credit trades.  Trades are most typically constructed with long convertible and/or corporate bonds and short common stock positions.

	 

          Context’s principals, Michael Rosen and William Fertig have a long and accomplished record in the fixed income space. Our mission is to leverage our insights, experience, and deep network of Wall Street and Industry contacts to generate consistent absolute returns with low correlation to the broad equity and fixed income markets. 

	 

	        





 




Context Capital Management LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,580  0.15%






World
US















Context Capital Management LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameContext Capital Management LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 593 M Contact Details LocationSan Diego, CaliforniaAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.contextfunds.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Context-Capital-Management-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Bruce Mcindoe & Associates San Diego CA 0 Summit Global Management Inc. San Diego CA 0 Pacific Wealth Management San Diego CA 0 Cadena Financial Planning & Tax Ser San Diego CA 0 Context Capital Management LLC San Diego CA 0 Horner  Craig San Diego CA 0 Merrithew & Thorsten  Inc. San Diego CA 0 Permanent Value Inc. San Diego CA 0 Cornerstone Wealth Management San Diego CA 0 First Capital Management San Diego CA 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets









































Context Capital Management LLC 2223 Avenida De La Playa La Jolla, CA Investment Management - MapQuest







































































































    Context Capital Management LLC
  

2223 Avenida De La Playa

La Jolla
CA
92037




 Reviews



(858) 481-3666
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















