


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 


















Splash - Corbyn Investment Management Corbyn Investment Management | Value-Oriented Separate Account Management






















Welcome




 


You are being redirected to the Corbyn Investment website,do you wish to continue?
Yes, I do.
No thanks.




You are being redirected to the Greenspring Fund website,do you wish to continue?
Yes, I do.
No thanks.
















Greenspring Fund


Preservation of capital, lower volatility, positive absolute performance.  These are the goals we work toward every day at the Greenspring Fund by first researching and selecting a portfolio of equities that possess strong company-specific fundamentals and secondly, by identifying corporate and convertible bonds of short duration that can provide solid total returns while minimizing the volatility of the overall portfolio.  We strive for strong, consistent, risk-averse performance results over an entire market cycle while providing personalized service to our shareholders.



More Information
Contact Us

Continue »






Corbyn Investment Management


Corbyn Investment Management has provided separate account investment management services to individuals, charitable organizations, foundations, trusts, corporations, retirement plans and investment advisors since 1973.  Corbyn has been an advisor to the Greenspring Fund since 1983.  Over the years, our mission has remained constant: Earn clients’ trust and respect by providing them with outstanding service while seeking strong, consistent investment results through a client specific combination of value-oriented equities and bonds of short duration.



More Information
Contact Us

Continue »





































Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Jul 27th, 2017
				Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network...   






Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 





Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							A U.S. federal agency ordered San Francisco-based Wells Fargo to re-hire the...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

					Jul 27th, 2017				





					Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network established...  
More »

Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)
Earnings for UnitedHealth Increase 30%, Forecast Increased






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM) Now Covered by Credit Suisse Group
Snap’s (NYSE:SNAP) Equal Weight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) to Hold
Infosys Limited (NYSE:INFY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
BidaskClub Lowers Artesian Resources Corporation (ARTNA) to Sell
Auxilio, Inc. (AUXO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) SVP Sells $98,760.00 in Stock
Insider Selling: Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Insider Sells 3,305 Shares of Stock
Robert Disbrow Purchases 28,500 Shares of Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Stock
Rockwell Medical, Inc. (RMTI) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Physicians Realty Trust (NYSE:DOC) Stock Rating Lowered by Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Waste Management (NYSE:WM) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Sold by Martingale Asset Management L P
Mueller Industries (NYSE:MLI) versus Hutchinson Technology (HTCH) Critical Survey
SG Americas Securities LLC Purchases Shares of 5,051 Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR)
Analyzing Assurant (NYSE:AIZ) and Marsh & McLennan Companies (MMC)
Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Tailored Brands (NASDAQ:TLRD) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds
Financial Review: CBIZ (CBZ) vs. Vectrus (VEC)



 
 






































Corbyn Investment Management Inc. | Wealthminder











































Corbyn Investment Management Inc.


Corbyn Investment Management Inc.
(CRD# 104716) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Lutherville-Timonium, MD.
They
manage $877,133,726 in 543 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 11 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Corbyn Investment Management Inc.




2330 W Joppa Rd Ste 108,
Lutherville-Timonium,
MD
21093
410-832-5500
http://www.corbyn.com




http://www.corbyn.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

877
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

543
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,615,348







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, FL, IL, MA, MD, NC, NY, PA, TN, TX






Financial Advisors at Corbyn Investment Management Inc.




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Charles V. Carlson



CRD#:
1284787



Suite 108, 2330 W. Joppa Rd.,
Lutherville-Timonium,
MD
21093




96

Wealthminder
score








Charles Carlson (CRD# 1284787) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corbyn Investment Management Inc. in Lutherville-Timonium, MD and has 
over 32 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Michael J. Fusting



CRD#:
2108117



Suite 108, 2330 W. Joppa Rd.,
Lutherville-Timonium,
MD
21093




96

Wealthminder
score








Michael Fusting (CRD# 2108117) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corbyn Investment Management Inc. in Lutherville-Timonium, MD and has 
over 26 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Todd B. Garliss



CRD#:
2217756



2330 W Joppa Rd Ste 108,
Lutherville-Timonium,
MD
21093




93

Wealthminder
score








Todd Garliss (CRD# 2217756) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corbyn Investment Management Inc. in Lutherville-Timonium, MD and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















William E. White



CRD#:
1611276



Suite 108 2330 W. Joppa Rd.,
Lutherville-Timonium,
MD
21093




93

Wealthminder
score








William White (CRD# 1611276) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corbyn Investment Management Inc. in Lutherville-Timonium, MD and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Donna J. Hager



CRD#:
2592730



2330 W Joppa Rd Ste 108,
Lutherville-Timonium,
MD
21093




89

Wealthminder
score








Donna Hager (CRD# 2592730) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Corbyn Investment Management Inc. in Lutherville-Timonium, MD and has 
over 3 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














Corbyn Investment Management Inc Lutherville Timonium, MD 21093 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeInvestment Advisory Service near Lutherville Timonium, MDCorbyn Investment Management IncIn mybook® : Services Collection (edit)Added to your services collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your services collection.Corbyn Investment Management IncWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoView in galleryBe the first to review!2330 W Joppa Rd Ste 108, Lutherville Timonium, MD 21093(410) 832-5500Add Hours44YEARS  IN BUSINESSAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteEmail BusinessSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksBusiness DescriptionEstablished in 1973, Corbyn Investment Management offers and manages accounts for individuals, institutions, businesses and non-profit organizations. It is the investment advisor for the Greenspring Fund, which is a no-load value-oriented fund that is offered only to the United States residents. Located in Lutherville, Md., the company offers a full spectrum of investment objectives ranging from very conservative fixed-income accounts to those focusing on capital appreciation. Corbyn Investment Management also manages taxable accounts for individuals or trusts and tax-advantaged portfolios, such as corporate retirement plans, individual retirement accounts (IRAs), IRA rollovers, foundations, endowments and the investment portion of tax-advantaged insurance products.HoursDo you know the hours for this business?Extra PhonesPhone: (410) 321-6930Primary Phone: (410) 321-6930TollFree: (800) 366-3863Payment methoddiscover, master card, visa, amexLocationFoxleigh BldgAKACorbyn Investment Mgmt IncOther Linkshttp://www.corbyn.com/homehttp://www.greenspringfund.comCategoriesInvestment Advisory Service, Financial Planning Consultants, Investments, Financial Services COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryView all (1)Photos (1)ReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Sponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedRosa Almond, REALTOR10801 Tony Dr, Lutherville Timonium, MDTenth Insurance25 Ewing Dr, Reisterstown, MDCollateral Secured Investments9 W. Ridgely Rd #132, Lutherville, MDKimco1954 Greenspring Dr Ste 330, Lutherville Timonium, MDLaw Offices of Kevin M Carr LLC(3)606 Baltimore Ave Ste 107, Towson, MDPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
﻿






























Founders Capital Management Lowers Position in EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for EOG Resources Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor EOG Resources Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Shares Sold by Asset Advisors Corp
Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Shares Sold by Beck Mack & Oliver LLC
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) Shares Sold by Cambridge Advisors Inc.
Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Stake Maintained by North Star Investment Management Corp.
Tesco Pension Investment Ltd Takes Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN)
Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) Position Held by Peregrine Capital Management LLC
BTIM Corp. Has $420,000 Stake in Broadcom Limited (NASDAQ:AVGO)
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases 100 Shares of American Express Company (AXP)
BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $579,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS)
Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN
Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $43.68 Million Stake in Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC)
Tarbox Family Office Inc. Acquires 187 Shares of Allergan PLC. (AGN)
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 14,900 Shares of U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB)
North Star Investment Management Corp. Decreases Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN)
APG Asset Management N.V. Cuts Stake in Hess Corporation (HES)
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Increases Stake in Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT)
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Stake Increased by Ycg LLC
Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Boosts Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)
Founders Capital Management Lowers Position in EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG)
Pennon Group plc (PNN) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG







Founders Capital Management Lowers Position in EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Founders Capital Management reduced its stake in shares of  EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) by 2.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 2,220 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock after selling 60 shares during the period. Founders Capital Management’s holdings in EOG Resources were worth $201,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. IHT Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in  EOG Resources by 4.1% in the first quarter. IHT Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,039 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the period.  Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC boosted its stake in  EOG Resources by 60.0% in the first quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 1,069 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 401 shares during the period.  Advantage Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in  EOG Resources by 16.6% in the first quarter. Advantage Investment Management LLC now owns 1,080 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 154 shares during the period.  Exane Derivatives boosted its stake in  EOG Resources by 19.8% in the second quarter. Exane Derivatives now owns 1,160 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 192 shares during the period.  Finally, Winfield Associates Inc. boosted its stake in  EOG Resources by 5.3% in the first quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 1,132 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 57 shares during the period. 84.91% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get EOG Resources Inc. alerts:



EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE EOG) opened at 94.87 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $89.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $95.22. The firm’s market cap is $54.77 billion. EOG Resources, Inc. has a 12 month low of $78.04 and a 12 month high of $109.37. 





EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The energy exploration company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.15. EOG Resources had a negative net margin of 6.70% and a negative return on equity of 2.69%. The company had revenue of $2.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.19 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($0.83) EPS. EOG Resources’s quarterly revenue was up 92.8% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  EOG Resources, Inc. will post $0.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 17th will be issued a $0.1675 dividend. This represents a $0.67 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.71%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 13th. EOG Resources’s payout ratio is -62.04%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Founders Capital Management Lowers Position in EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG)” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/founders-capital-management-lowers-position-in-eog-resources-inc-eog.html. 
Several research firms have recently commented on EOG. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $111.00 target price on shares of EOG Resources in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Scotiabank  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $109.00 target price on shares of EOG Resources in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $108.00 target price on EOG Resources and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Iberia Capital lifted their target price on EOG Resources from $109.00 to $119.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company upgraded EOG Resources from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $110.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued  a hold rating and twenty-three have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. EOG Resources currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $109.27.
EOG Resources Company Profile
EOG Resources, Inc explores for, develops, produces and markets crude oil and natural gas in major producing basins in the United States, The Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, the United Kingdom, The People’s Republic of China, Canada and, from time to time, select other international areas. Its operations are all crude oil and natural gas exploration and production related.







Receive News & Ratings for EOG Resources Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EOG Resources Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Corbyn Investment Mgmt Inc in Lutherville, MD | 2330 W Joppa Rd, Ste 110, Lutherville, MD






< Back to previousCorbyn Investment Mgmt Inc(0){{slogan}}2330 W Joppa Rd, Ste 110Lutherville, MD 21093{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Established in 1973, Corbyn Investment Management offers and manages accounts for individuals, institutions, businesses and non-profit organizations. It is the investment advisor for the Greenspring Fund, which is a no-load value-oriented fund that is offered only to the United States residents. Located in Lutherville, Md., the company offers a full spectrum of investment objectives ranging from very conservative fixed-income accounts to those focusing on capital appreciation. Corbyn Investment Management also manages taxable accounts for individuals or trusts and tax-advantaged portfolios, such as corporate retirement plans, individual retirement accounts (IRAs), IRA rollovers, foundations, endowments and the investment portion of tax-advantaged insurance products.... Read more LessMessage from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoFoxleigh Bldg... MoreFoxleigh Bldg LessPayment OptionsAmerican Express, VISA, Discover, MasterCard... MoreAmerican Express, VISA, Discover, MasterCard LessIn Business Since1973... More1973 LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.




	DIVERSIFUNDS Trademark of Corbyn Investment Management, Inc.. Serial Number: 75675759 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DIVERSIFUNDS










 
Get FREE email alerts













DIVERSIFUNDS  Trademark Information
 Corbyn Investment Management, Inc.
Financial services; namely mutual fund brokerage, management, administration, and distribution; investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services   mutual   fund   brokerage      management      administration      distribution   investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DIVERSIFUNDS trademark by Corbyn Investment Management, Inc. 
                                in Lutherville, MD, 210937207.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DIVERSIFUNDS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Corbyn Investment Management, Inc. of the DIVERSIFUNDS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DIVERSIFUNDS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, April 6, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DIVERSIFUNDS by 
                        Corbyn Investment Management, Inc., Lutherville, MD  210937207.
                        The USPTO has given the DIVERSIFUNDS 
                        trademark serial  number of  75675759.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is EXPIRED.
                        The correspondent listed for DIVERSIFUNDS is 
                        
                        
                                            WILLIAM A. MCCOMAS of 
                                            SHAPIROSHERGUINOTSANDLER,  SUITE 2000, 36 S. CHARLES STREET BALTIMORE MD  21201
                                .
                            The DIVERSIFUNDS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DIVERSIFUNDS 
                            is Financial services; namely mutual fund brokerage, management, administration, and distribution; investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 DIVERSIFUNDS


  Status/Status Date:  


EXPIRED

6/27/2014



  Serial Number:  
75675759


  Filing Date:  
4/6/1999


 Registration Number:  
2345204 


 Registration Date:  
4/25/2000


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services; namely mutual fund brokerage, management, administration, and distribution; investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/1/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

Corbyn Investment Management, Inc.Lutherville, MD  210937207
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form(75% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


WILLIAM A. MCCOMAS
SHAPIROSHERGUINOTSANDLER
SUITE 2000
36 S. CHARLES STREET
BALTIMORE MD  21201





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/12/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
3/12/1999





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DIVERSIFUNDS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/27/2014
EXPIRED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



WILLIAM A. MCCOMAS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DIVERSIFUNDS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search diversifunds on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DIVERSIFUNDS 




DIVERSIFUNDS is providing Financial services; namely mutual fund brokerage, management, administration, and distribution; investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Emerson Electric Company Company Profile (NYSE:EMR)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)
Emerson Electric Co. is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions. The Company's principal production operations are electronics assembly, metal stamping, forming, casting, machining, welding, plating, heat treating, painting and assembly. In addition, the Company uses specialized production operations, including automatic and semiautomatic testing, automated material handling and storage, ferrous and nonferrous machining, and special furnaces for heat treating and foundry applications. The Company provides measurement, control and diagnostic technologies for automated industrial processes. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Electrical Components & Equipment - NEC
Sub-Industry: Electrical Components & Equipment
Symbol: NYSE:EMR
CUSIP: 29101110
Web: www2.emerson.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $38.94593 billionOutstanding Shares: 644,480,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $59.79200 Day Moving Avg: $59.6452 Week Range: $49.22 - $64.36


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 25.54Foreward P/E Ratio: 20.69P/E Growth: 2.94Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $14.4 billionPrice / Sales: 2.68Book Value: $12.42 per sharePrice / Book: 4.81Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.92Dividend Yield: 3.2%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $3.1 billionNet Margins: 8.72%Return on Equity: 23.37%Return on Assets: 9.33%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.47%Current Ratio: 2.50%Quick Ratio: 2.15%Misc:Average Volume: 3.59 million shs.Beta: 1.2Short Ratio: 2.56

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)
What is Emerson Electric Company's stock symbol?

Emerson Electric Company trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "EMR."



How often does Emerson Electric Company pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Emerson Electric Company?

Emerson Electric Company announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, May 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a dividend of $0.48 per share on Friday, June 9th. This represents a $1.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.21%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th.  View Emerson Electric Company's Dividend History.



How were Emerson Electric Company's earnings last quarter?

Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) released its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, hitting analysts' consensus estimates of $0.58. The firm earned $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric Company had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. Emerson Electric Company's revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.57 earnings per share.  View Emerson Electric Company's Earnings History.



When will Emerson Electric Company make its next earnings announcement?

Emerson Electric Company is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 1st 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Emerson Electric Company.



What guidance has Emerson Electric Company issued on next quarter's earnings?

Emerson Electric Company issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company provided EPS guidance of $2.55-2.65 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $2.58. 



Where is Emerson Electric Company's stock going? Where will Emerson Electric Company's stock price be in 2017?

17 analysts have issued 12 month price targets for Emerson Electric Company's stock. Their predictions range from $44.00 to $70.00. On average, they expect Emerson Electric Company's share price to reach $56.80 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Emerson Electric Company.



What are analysts saying about Emerson Electric Company stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Emerson Electric Company stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Emerson’s second-quarter fiscal 2017 adjusted earnings were in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate, and inched up 2% from the year-ago tally on the back of an improving macro environment, restructuring benefits and lower expenses. Going forward, the company’s aggressive restructuring actions and strategic divestures are expected to boost performance. Emerson seems well positioned to benefit from global infrastructure growth, as its core businesses hold dominant positions in markets tied to energy efficiency and infrastructure spending. However, on the flip side, prolonged softness in the oil and gas markets has affected both capital spending and operational expenditure of clients, thereby hurting Emerson’s order rates in power generating alternators and electrical distribution businesses. In light of these issues, the stock has underperformed the Zacks classified Machinery-Electrical industry average over the past year." (5/5/2017)
2. Cowen and Company analysts commented, "Automation & CRS trends improved again, & EMR raised the F17 organic sales/." (5/2/2017)




Who are some of Emerson Electric Company's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Emerson Electric Company include Rockwell Automation (ROK), Kyocera Corporation (KYO), AMTEK (AME), Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS), Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB), Hubbell (HUBB), Halma plc (HLMA), Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC), Spectris plc (SXS), Itron (ITRI), Anixter International (AXE), Orbotech (ORBK), AZZ (AZZ), Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI), General Cable Corporation (BGC), MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC), GrafTech International Ltd (GTI) and FARO Technologies (FARO).



Who are Emerson Electric Company's key executives?

Emerson Electric Company's management team includes the folowing people: David N. Farr, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerEdward L. Monser, PresidentFrank J. Dellaquila, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial OfficerRobert T. Sharp, Executive President - Commercial & Residential SolutionsMichael H. Train, Executive President - Automation SolutionsEdgar M. Purvis Jr., Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice PresidentSteven J. Pelch, Executive Vice President - Organization Planning and DevelopmentKatherine Button Bell, Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing OfficerSara Yang Bosco, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryMark J. Bulanda, Senior Vice President - Acquisition Planning and Development



Who owns Emerson Electric Company stock?

Emerson Electric Company's stock is owned by a variety of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Longview Partners Guernsey LTD (1.96%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.55%), US Bancorp DE (0.50%), Bank of Montreal Can (0.26%), PGGM Investments (0.14%) and State Treasurer State of Michigan (0.10%).  View Institutional Ownership Trends for Emerson Electric Company.



Who sold Emerson Electric Company stock? Who is selling Emerson Electric Company stock?

Emerson Electric Company's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Swarthmore Group Inc., Flossbach Von Storch AG, Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund, US Bancorp DE, PGGM Investments, Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd, Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC and ING Groep NV.  View Insider Buying and Selling for Emerson Electric Company.



Who bought Emerson Electric Company stock? Who is buying Emerson Electric Company stock?

Emerson Electric Company's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Longview Partners Guernsey LTD, APG Asset Management N.V., Harbour Capital Advisors LLC, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., National Pension Service, Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC and John G Ullman & Associates Inc..  View Insider Buying and Selling for Emerson Electric Company.



How do I buy Emerson Electric Company stock? 

Shares of Emerson Electric Company can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Emerson Electric Company's stock price today?

One share of Emerson Electric Company stock can currently be purchased for approximately $59.80.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR)Community Ranking:  1.9 out of 5 ()Outperform Votes:  321 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  529 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  850MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Emerson Electric Company and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 2 Sell Ratings, 12 Hold Ratings, 3 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.06)Consensus Price Target: $56.80 (5.02% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/19/2017Stifel NicolausReiterated RatingBuy$68.00Low7/11/2017Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingOverweightLow6/19/2017JMP SecuritiesInitiated CoverageMkt Outperform -> Outperform$70.00Low6/6/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$62.00Medium5/2/2017Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingHold$62.00High3/3/2017HSBC Holdings plcUpgradeReduce -> Hold$55.00N/A2/22/2017Berenberg BankReiterated RatingSell$53.00N/A2/8/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyReiterated RatingMarket PerformN/A2/8/2017Barclays PLCBoost Price TargetEqual Weight$56.00 -> $63.00N/A1/27/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)UpgradeSell -> Neutral$60.00N/A1/9/2017Bank of America CorporationUpgradeUnderperform -> Neutral$45.00 -> $60.00N/A12/15/2016Sanford C. BernsteinReiterated RatingMarket PerformN/A12/13/2016Buckingham ResearchUpgradeUnderperform -> NeutralN/A9/26/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingNeutralN/A9/15/2016Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingHoldN/A8/19/2016Credit Suisse GroupDowngradeOutperform -> Neutral$57.00N/A8/3/2016Citigroup Inc.Lower Price TargetSell$49.00 -> $48.00N/A6/27/2016Robert W. BairdReiterated RatingNeutral$58.00N/A6/22/2016Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Reiterated RatingHoldN/A5/11/2016ArgusUpgradeHold -> Buy$61.00N/A5/4/2016Vertical ResearchDowngradeHold -> SellN/A2/29/2016Standpoint ResearchDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A2/3/2016Societe GeneraleLower Price TargetHold$52.00 -> $49.00N/A2/3/2016William BlairReiterated RatingMarket Perform$50.00N/A2/3/2016Canaccord GenuityReiterated RatingHold$48.00N/A1/12/2016NomuraReiterated RatingBuy$60.00N/A9/8/2015Sterne Agee CRTInitiated CoverageNeutral$44.00N/A(Data available from 7/27/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)Earnings History by Quarter for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/1/2017$0.68N/A5/2/2017Q2 2017$0.58$0.58$3.49 billion$3.57 billionViewListen2/7/2017Q117$0.42$0.49$3.17 billion$3.20 billionViewListen11/1/2016Q416$0.89$0.96$5.51 billion$3.93 billionViewN/A8/2/2016Q316$0.84$0.80$5.34 billion$5.10 billionViewN/A5/3/2016Q216$0.63$0.66$4.89 billion$4.90 billionViewN/A2/2/2016Q216$0.51$0.56$4.65 billion$4.70 billionViewN/A11/3/2015Q415$0.97$0.93$5.84 billion$5.81 billionViewN/A8/4/2015Q315$0.83$0.84$5.65 billion$5.50 billionViewN/A5/5/2015Q215$0.76$0.65$5.42 billion$5.40 billionViewN/A2/3/2015Q115$0.73$0.75$5.59 billion$5.60 billionViewN/A11/4/2014Q414$1.23$1.30$6.81 billion$6.81 billionViewListen8/5/2014Q314$1.06$1.03$6.45 billion$6.30 billionViewListen5/6/2014Q2$0.81$0.80$5.90 billion$5.80 billionViewListen2/4/2014Q1$0.67$0.67$5.55 billion$5.55 billionViewListen11/5/2013Q413$1.11$1.10$6.81 billion$6.70 billionViewListen8/6/2013Q3 2013$0.98$0.97$6.44 billion$6.30 billionViewListen5/7/2013Q2 2013$0.78$0.77$6.03 billion$5.92 billionViewListen2/5/2013Q1 2013$0.62$0.62$5.43 billion$5.60 billionViewListen11/6/2012Q412$1.05$1.11$6.68 billion$6.70 billionViewN/A8/7/2012$1.00$1.04ViewN/A5/1/2012$0.80$0.74ViewN/A2/7/2012$0.51$0.50ViewN/A11/1/2011$0.96$1.01ViewN/A8/2/2011$0.91$0.90ViewN/A5/3/2011$0.74$0.73ViewN/A2/1/2011$0.65$0.63ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.54QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20173$0.37$0.66$0.49Q2 20174$0.55$0.63$0.59Q3 20174$0.67$0.84$0.72Q4 20173$0.73$0.78$0.75(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)Most Recent Dividend:6/9/2017Annual Dividend:$1.92Dividend Yield:3.21%Dividend Growth:4.70% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:81.70% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  74.13% (Based on This Year's Estimates)66.44% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:60 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date5/2/2017quarterly$0.483.24%5/10/20175/12/20176/9/20172/7/2017quarterly$0.483.08%2/15/20172/17/20173/10/201711/1/2016quarterly$0.4811/8/201611/11/201612/9/20168/2/2016quarterly$0.483.59%8/10/20168/12/20169/9/20165/3/2016quarterly$0.483.6%5/11/20165/13/20166/10/20162/2/2016quarterly$0.484.12%2/10/20162/12/20163/10/201611/3/2015quarterly$0.483.82%11/10/201511/13/201512/10/20158/4/2015quarterly$0.473.77%8/12/20158/14/20159/10/20155/5/2015quarterly$0.473.23%5/13/20155/15/20156/10/20152/3/2015quarterly$0.473.29%2/11/20152/13/20153/10/201511/4/2014quarterly$0.472.92%11/12/201411/14/201412/10/20148/5/2014quarterly$0.432.78%8/13/20148/15/20149/10/20145/6/2014quarterly$0.432.56%5/14/20145/16/20146/10/20142/4/2014quarterly$0.432.7%2/12/20142/14/20143/10/201411/5/2013quarterly$0.432.57%11/13/201311/15/201312/10/20138/6/2013quarterly$0.412.66%8/14/20138/16/20139/10/20135/7/2013quarterly$0.412.87%5/15/20135/17/20136/10/20132/5/2013quarterly$0.412.86%2/13/20132/15/20133/11/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.79%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 68.88%Insider Trades by Quarter for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails2/10/2017Steven J PelchVPSell7,839$63.31$496,287.09  6/5/2014Edward L MonserCOOSell10,000$67.44$674,400.00  5/8/2014Arthur GoldenDirectorBuy3,000$67.12$201,360.00  12/18/2013Frank SteevesVPSell3,000$67.00$201,000.00  8/15/2013Edward MonserCOOSell35,000$61.28$2,144,800.00  12/27/2012Frank L SteevesVPSell45,814$52.41$2,401,111.74  11/12/2012Walter J GalvinChairmanSell35,000$50.50$1,767,500.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)


Latest Headlines for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineEmerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 10:46 AMBlue-Chip Stocks in Focus: Emerson Electricfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:52 AMETFs with exposure to Emerson Electric Co. : July 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:14 PMVIS, GE, NOC, EMR: Large Inflows Detected at ETF - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 21 at 8:10 PMEmerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.97 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 1:28 PMEmerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolauswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 12:21 PMEmerson wins $20 million automation contractfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 7:49 PMEmerson Electric Company (EMR) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.69 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 4:25 PMEmerson Awarded 15-Year, $20 Million Contract to Modernize Controls at San Francisco’s Largest Wastewater Plantfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 11:11 AMTop 5 Dividend Payers in the Industrial Sectorfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 11:11 AMEmerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Given Average Recommendation of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 6:36 PMPentair: Restructuring And Upcoming Spinoff Can Yield A 31% Upside - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 14 at 4:01 PMETFs with exposure to Emerson Electric Co. : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 4:01 PMEmerson to Launch $100 Million Renovation Project For Its Facilities in Sidney, Ohiofinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 7:37 PMEmerson investing in $100M Sidney expansionfinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 7:37 PMEmerson Electric: Yield Now, But Growth to Comeseekingalpha.com - July 12 at 6:58 PMEmerson Puts Digital Plant in Palm of Your Hand with New Mobile Platformfinance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 7:25 PMEmerson Schedules Webcast for Third Quarter 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 7:25 PMEmerson Electric Company (EMR) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanleywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 7:12 AMWill Emerson Electric Remain Range Bound?seekingalpha.com - July 6 at 7:31 PMEmerson Electric Co. – Value Analysis (NYSE:EMR) : July 4, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 5 at 1:37 AMEmerson Electric Co. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : EMR-US : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 6:07 PMNike and Parkway jump while Cara Therapeutics, Micron dropmarketbeat.com - June 30 at 5:16 PM3 Terrible Reasons to Sell Emerson Electric Co.www.fool.com - June 30 at 12:52 PMEmerson's Risky M&A Businessfinance.yahoo.com - June 26 at 5:56 PMEmerson Electric Company (EMR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $3.97 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 4:00 PMEmerson Electric Co. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : EMR-US : June 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 10:06 AM$0.69 EPS Expected for Emerson Electric Company (EMR) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 12:06 PMEmerson Electric Company (EMR) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 6:47 PMEmerson Electric Company (EMR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JMP Securitieswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 8:32 AMEmerson Electric Company (EMR) Upgraded to "Hold" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 10:34 PMEmerson Electric Co: Time to Move On? -- The Motley Fool - Motley Foolwww.fool.com - June 16 at 12:03 AMETFs with exposure to Emerson Electric Co. : June 15, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 7:02 PMCramer's charts show one industrial manufacturing stock h...finance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 9:43 PMOne industrial stock heats up for a rallyfinance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 9:43 PMEmerson is Flashing Bullish Signs: 'Off The Charts' With Cramerfinance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 9:43 PMEmerson Electric: A Mixed Outlook Likely To Provide A Better Entry Pointseekingalpha.com - June 13 at 12:02 PMEmerson Electric (EMR) and Kyocera Corp (KYO) Financial Comparisonwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 11 at 4:20 PMBidAskClub Lowers Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 10 at 8:40 AM3 Top Dividend Stocks in Electrical Equipment Industryfinance.yahoo.com - June 9 at 10:51 AMEmerson Electric Co. (EMR) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.68 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 9 at 8:14 AMWill Emerson's Restructuring Help it Brave Macro Headwinds?finance.yahoo.com - June 6 at 5:23 PMEmerson Electric Co. (EMR) Earns "Hold" Rating from Royal Bank of Canadawww.americanbankingnews.com - June 6 at 4:20 PMEmerson Electric Co. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : EMR-US : June 2, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 4:07 PMWe're making infrastructure bets now: Emerson Electric CE...finance.yahoo.com - May 31 at 9:41 AMZacks: Brokerages Expect Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $3.89 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 28 at 9:52 AMEmerson Electric Co. (EMR) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.68 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 8:54 AMEmerson Electric (EMR) Presents At Electrical Products Group 2017 Annual Spring Conference - Slideshowseekingalpha.com - May 26 at 5:03 AMArtesyn Embedded Technologies, Inc. -- Moody's downgrades Artesyn Embedded Technologies, Inc. CFR to B2, outlook stablefinance.yahoo.com - May 25 at 6:57 PMEmerson Electric Co. (EMR) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 23 at 6:04 PM


Social





Chart
Emerson Electric Company (EMR) Chart for Thursday, July, 27, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/27/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff


















































CORBYN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC Private Fund Manager Profile | PredictiveOps





































CORBYN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC






 
Follow


Has Potential Conflicts




Firm Overview
CORBYN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser (RIA). The firm is based in LUTHERVILLE MD UNITED STATES. As of the firm's last SEC filing on April 28, 2017, the firm has 11 employees and has $1.01 Billion in Regulatory Assets Under Management (RAUM).






Form ADV Summary as of April 28, 2017














Address Information



MAIN ADDRESS

2330 W JOPPA RD STE 108

LUTHERVILLE
MD
21093

UNITED STATES

410-832-5500

View on Map





Adviser Information


Legal Name
CORBYN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC
Business Name
CORBYN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC
Jurisdiction/Type

MD
Corporation

Website(s)

http://www.corbyn.com


SEC Status
Registered - Approved
Registration Date
1973-03-09




Registration Information


SEC Number
801-9139
CRD Number
104716
Public Reporting Company
No
CIK Number

LEI Number





Legal Structure and Domicile


Legal Structure

Corporation


Legal Domicile Country
United States
Legal Domicile State/Province
MD




Key Figures Summary


Regulatory Assets Under Management (RAUM)
1,011,910,000.00
Number of Employees

11
(Advisory: 5)

Number of Clients
More than 100
Number of Accounts
605




Services, Fees, and Clients



Services Offered



Portfolio Management - Small Businesses
Portfolio Management - Investment Companies/Business Development Companies


Fee Type Charged



Percentage of AUM


Client Types



Individuals (non-High Net Worth)
Individuals (High Net Worth Only)
Registered Investment Companies
Pooled Investment Vehicles
Pension and Profit Sharing Plans
Charitable Organizations
Corporation or other Business





Significant Red Flags



Disclosure Reporting Pages (DRPs)



None


Potential Conflicts



Transactions in Recommended Securities
Recommend Owned Securities





Back to Top








Control Persons


Direct Owners

CHARLES VON KAPFF CARLSON
CONTROL PERSON

PRESIDENT (since 01/1994)

Ownership Percentage: More than 10% but less than 25%

CORBYN INVESTMENT MANANGEMENT EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST
CONTROL PERSON

TRUST (since 12/1985)

Ownership Percentage: More than 25% but less than 50%

ELIZABETH AGRESTA SWAM

CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER (since 12/2016)

Ownership Percentage: Less than 5%

MICHAEL ANDREW GOODMAN

ANALYST (since 09/2009)

Ownership Percentage: More than 5% but less than 10%

MICHAEL JOSEPH FUSTING

SR. VICE PRESIDENT (since 12/2006)

Ownership Percentage: More than 10% but less than 25%





Back to Top









View Source Data and Changes



















Corbyn Investment Mgmt Inc in Lutherville, MD | 2330 W Joppa Rd, Ste 110, Lutherville, MD






< Back to previousCorbyn Investment Mgmt Inc(0){{slogan}}2330 W Joppa Rd, Ste 110Lutherville, MD 21093{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Established in 1973, Corbyn Investment Management offers and manages accounts for individuals, institutions, businesses and non-profit organizations. It is the investment advisor for the Greenspring Fund, which is a no-load value-oriented fund that is offered only to the United States residents. Located in Lutherville, Md., the company offers a full spectrum of investment objectives ranging from very conservative fixed-income accounts to those focusing on capital appreciation. Corbyn Investment Management also manages taxable accounts for individuals or trusts and tax-advantaged portfolios, such as corporate retirement plans, individual retirement accounts (IRAs), IRA rollovers, foundations, endowments and the investment portion of tax-advantaged insurance products.... Read more LessMessage from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoFoxleigh Bldg... MoreFoxleigh Bldg LessPayment OptionsAmerican Express, VISA, Discover, MasterCard... MoreAmerican Express, VISA, Discover, MasterCard LessIn Business Since1973... More1973 LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 


















Splash - Corbyn Investment Management Corbyn Investment Management | Value-Oriented Separate Account Management






















Welcome




 


You are being redirected to the Corbyn Investment website,do you wish to continue?
Yes, I do.
No thanks.




You are being redirected to the Greenspring Fund website,do you wish to continue?
Yes, I do.
No thanks.
















Greenspring Fund


Preservation of capital, lower volatility, positive absolute performance.  These are the goals we work toward every day at the Greenspring Fund by first researching and selecting a portfolio of equities that possess strong company-specific fundamentals and secondly, by identifying corporate and convertible bonds of short duration that can provide solid total returns while minimizing the volatility of the overall portfolio.  We strive for strong, consistent, risk-averse performance results over an entire market cycle while providing personalized service to our shareholders.



More Information
Contact Us

Continue »






Corbyn Investment Management


Corbyn Investment Management has provided separate account investment management services to individuals, charitable organizations, foundations, trusts, corporations, retirement plans and investment advisors since 1973.  Corbyn has been an advisor to the Greenspring Fund since 1983.  Over the years, our mission has remained constant: Earn clients’ trust and respect by providing them with outstanding service while seeking strong, consistent investment results through a client specific combination of value-oriented equities and bonds of short duration.



More Information
Contact Us

Continue »



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


