





Corcoran, Thomas J. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Thomas J. Corcoran
THOMAS J. CORCORAN, JR. co-founded FelCor, Inc. in 1991 with Hervey
Feldman. In 1994, they took the company public with six hotels and a
market capitalization of approximately $120 million as a real estate
investment trust (REIT) on the NASDAQ national market under the name
FelCor Suite Hotels, Inc., and in 1996 listed on the New York Stock
Exchange as FCH. Mr. Corcoran has served since its formation as
President and Chief Executive Officer of FelCor. In July 1998, the
company changed its name to FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated. Mr.
Corcoran’s long history of management in the lodging and food service
industry began with Brock Hotel Corporation in Topeka, Kansas. During
his 11 years with Brock, Mr. Corcoran held positions in mergers and
acquisitions, financial planning and project development and franchise
sales for Chuck E. Cheese Entertainment, Inc. (formerly ShowBiz Pizza
Time, Inc.). His roles with the company included President and Chief
Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Corcoran’s
Board appointments include National Association of Real Estate
Investment Trusts’ Board of Governors; the University of North Texas’
Board of Governors School of Merchandising and Hospitality Management;
Board of Trustees for the American Hotel Foundation; the American Hotel
& Lodging Association’s Industry Real Estate Financing Advisory Council
and Vice Chair of the Political Action Committee; Chairman of Embassy
Suites’ Advisory Council to Hilton Hotels; International Association of
Holiday Inns and the Real Estate Council of Dallas.
Related Interviews:Thomas Corcoran Jr. - Felcor Lodging Trust Inc (fch)April 25, 2002Thomas Corcoran Jr. - Felcor Lodging Trust Inc (fch)February 27, 2001Thomas J. Corcoran Jr. -  Felcor Lodging Trust Inc (fch)November 09, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















Thomas J. Corcoran Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.
Chairman at FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas J. Corcoran Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, 
FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated


Past
To view Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 J.D., 
															Washburn University


Age
68

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas J. Corcoran Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.


















Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s Connections (33)





Sign up now to view Thomas J. Corcoran Jr.'s 33 connections »









Charles A. Ledsinger
Board Member, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Michael D. Rose
Former Board Member, Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc.









Patricia L. Gibson
Board Member, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Michael A. DeNicola
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









William P. Stadler
Former Senior Vice President, Direct of Corporate Acquisitions, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









June H. McCutchen
Former Senior Vice President, Director of Design and Construction, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Richard J. O'Brien
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Christopher J. Hartung
Board Member, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Lawrence D. Robinson
Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Troy A. Pentecost
President and Chief Operating Officer, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Corcoran, Thomas J. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Thomas J. Corcoran
THOMAS J. CORCORAN, JR., together with Hervey Feldman, founded FelCor,
Inc. in 1991. In 1994, they took the company public with six hotels and
a market capitalization of approximately $120 million as a Real Estate
Investment Trust on the NASDAQ national market under the name FelCor
Suite Hotels, Inc. and in 1996 listed on the New York Stock Exchange as
FCH. Mr. Corcoran has served since its formation as President and Chief
Executive Officer of FelCor and Mr. Feldman is Chairman Emeritus. In
July 1998, the company changed its name to FelCor Lodging Trust
Incorporated. FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated is one of the nation’s
largest hotel REITs. The company focuses on the acquisition of hotels at
below their replacement cost and repositioning and/or rebranding them
for strong internal growth. FelCor’s hotel portfolio is concentrated
primarily in the upscale and full-service segments. Since its initial
public offering in 1994, the company’s portfolio has grown to 188 hotels
with nearly 50,000 rooms and suites, located in 35 states and Canada.
The company maintains strategic relationships with key hotel brand
owners/management companies. These include Hilton Hotels Corporation,
Bass Hotels & Resorts and Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Worldwide, Inc.
FelCor is the owner of the largest number of Embassy Suites, Crowne
Plaza, Holiday Inn and independently owned Doubletree branded hotels.
Other leading hotel brands under which FelCor’s hotels are operated
include Sheraton Suites, Sheraton and Westin. FelCor has a current
market capitalization of approximately $3.2 billion. Mr. Corcoran’s long
history of management in the lodging and foodservice industry began with
Brock Hotel Corporation in Topeka, Kanasas. During his 11 years with
Brock, Mr. Corcoran held positions in mergers and acquisitions,
financial planning and project development and franchise sales for Chuck
E. Cheese Entertainment, Inc. (formerly ShowBiz Pizza Place, Inc.). His
roles with the company included President and Chief Executive Officer
and he was a member of the board of directors. Mr. Corcoran earned a JD
degree from Washburn Law School and was a member of the Kansas Bar
Association. He is active in various political campaigns, has worked as
an advance person for the White House, and was appointed by President
Carter as a member of the National Highway Safety Advisory Committee.
Mr. Corcoran’s strengths lie in his proven ability to manage various
business situations by reorganization, restructuring, recapitalization,
or refinancing. His diversified talents will help assure FelCor’s
ongoing success.
Related Interviews:Thomas Corcoran Jr - Felcor Lodging Trust Inc (fch)April 06, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















BCR - Thomas Corcoran, Jr.

































Search... 
















                                        About BCR                                                            





                                        Attorneys                                                            






                                        Perry S. Bechky                                                            





                                        William F. Coffield                                                            





                                        Thomas Corcoran, Jr.                                                            





                                        Daniel Fisher-Owens                                                            





                                        Benjamin Flowe, Jr.                                                             





                                        Ray Gold                                                            







                                        Babak Hoghooghi                                                            





                                        Philip S. Kaplan                                                            





                                        Clemens Kochinke                                                            





                                        Laina C. Lopez                                                            





                                        James L. Marketos                                                            





                                        Jason A. McClurg                                                            







                                        John A. Ordway                                                            





                                        Wayne H. Rusch                                                            





                                        Michelle Turner Roberts                                                            





                                        Melvin White                                                            





                                        Bruce Zagaris                                                            









                                        Practice Areas                                                            






                                        Business / Transactional                                                             





                                        Civil / Criminal Litigation                                                            





                                        Export Controls / Sanctions                                                            





                                        Government / Regulatory                                                            





                                        Intellectual Property                                                            





                                        International                                                            









                                        Firm History                                                            





                                        News                                                            





                                        Contact                                                            















Monday, July 24, 2017


Home / Attorneys / Thomas Corcoran, Jr.














Thomas G. Corcoran, Jr. specializes in international civil litigation and appeals in U.S. federal courts. In particular, Mr. Corcoran has very extensive experience in the defense of foreign states when sued in U.S. courts under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (“FSIA”). Prior to practicing law, Mr. Corcoran served as an officer in the United States Navy, including duty with a U.S. Marine Corps Company in Vietnam. Prior to entering private practice, he served in the Office of the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia.
Representative Cases

Weiming Chen v. Ying-Jeou Ma, 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 118668. Obtained dismissal of case against the President of the Republic of China (Taiwan), on the grounds of presidential immunity although the Republic of China is not diplomatically recognized by the United States. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit upheld the lower court's orders on procedural grounds. (2d Circuit Case 13-3751, Document 105)
Abelesz v. OTP Bank, 692 F.3d 638 (7th Cir. 2012). Alien Tort Suit against Hungarian Central Bank and three private banks including OTP Bank for 75 billion dollars in damages arising out of alleged wrongful retention of Jewish assets looted during Hungarian Holocaust. Won for OTP Bank for lack of personal jurisdiction on petition for mandamus
Rubin v. Islamic Republic of Iran, 637 F. 3rd 783 (7th Cir. 2011). FSIA attachment proceeding against Iran for Persepolis artifacts under study at the University of Chicago. An important case on the issue of the scope of interlocutory appeals and what foreign state assets can be attached after judgment against foreign state. Won by Iran
Sampson v. Federal Republic of Germany, 250 F.3d 1145 (7th Cir. 2001). Affirming district court’s grant of Germany’s motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction against argument raised by 7th Circuit that jus cogens violation by Germany constitutes waiver of sovereign immunity under the FSIA. This is the leading case for the proposition that a violation of jus cogens does not waive sovereign immunity under the FSIA
Federal Republic of Germany et al. v. United States et al., 526 U.S. 111 (1999). Original action in Supreme Court to stay execution of Walter LaGrand, a German national, by the State of Arizona after a request for stay by the International Court of Justice. Mr. Corcoran was among counsel who prepared the brief on the day LaGrand was scheduled to be executed. The brief was filed about 3 pm, the United States responded about 5 pm, the Supreme Court denied relief about 7 pm, and LaGrand was executed about 9 pm.
Princz v. Federal Republic of Germany, 26 F.3d 1166 (D.C.Cir. 1994). Suit by survivor of World War II persecution who did not apply timely, that is, by 1969, for compensation under Germany’s compensation system. Held, assuming that the FSIA was retroactive to acts occurring in 1942-1945, no exception to the general grant of sovereign immunity in the FSIA applied in the case. If the FSIA were not retroactive, then there was no federal subject matter jurisdiction over Princz’s claims, which sounded in tort and quasi contract.
Millen Industries, Inc. v. Coordination Council for North American Affairs, 855 F.2d 879 (D.C. Cir. 1988). The Coordination Council was then the name of Taiwan’s unofficial embassy in the United States. This is the leading case for the proposition that Taiwan is entitled to treatment as if a foreign state under U.S. law and under the FSIA, despite derecognition of its government as the government of China.
Lary v. The Republic of China, 800 F.2d 265 (11th Cir. 1986). A suit against the ROC for failure to pay on bonds issued by China in 1911 was dismissed for lack of subject matter jurisdiction because the FSIA, passed in 1976, was not retroactive to 1911. The principle upon which the ROC (Taiwan) won this case, that the FSIA was not retroactive, was rejected 18 years later by the Supreme Court in Austria v. Altmann, 541 U.S. 677 (2004).
A name search on LEXIS-NEXIS will show that  “Thomas G. Corcoran, Jr” has been counsel on more than a hundred decided cases, including numerous FSIA cases not mentioned above.












  
Thomas Corcoran, Jr.
Partner
Tel (202) 293-1132Email 
 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 

Practice Areas
InternationalLitigation

Education
Brown University, BA 1964 Harvard Law School, LLB 1967

Bar Admissions
District of ColumbiaMarylandU.S. Supreme Court














About the FirmAttorneysPractice AreasFirm HistoryNewsContact 

 










FIND US








GET IN TOUCH


Berliner, Corcoran & Rowe LLP 1101 Seventeenth Street, NWWashington, DC 20036 USAT +1 (202) 293-5555
Email: 
 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 










© Copyright 1994-2014 Berliner, Corcoran & Rowe LLP.  All rights reserved.












Tweet



Follow @BerlinerDC


 




Premium Joomla Templates by Hogash

Scroll to top

































Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr. | Shatterproof










      Skip to main content
    



























Search






About Us


Impact


History


Financials


Leadership


Staff


Press Room




About Addiction


Real Costs of Substance Use in Your Workplace


Substance Use Disorder in the Workplace


Take Action in Your Workplace


What Employers Can Do


Learn About the Issue


Update Your Workplace Program


Structure Benefits to Address Substance Use Disorder


Employee Engagements


Real Cost Methodology Paper






Science of Addiction


Public Health Crisis


Drug Types and Effects


Stigma


Impact of Stigma


Stigma reducing language






Prevention


Prevention Overview


College Drinking


School Programs


SBIRT Model




Treatment


Treatment Overview


Substance Use Disorder


First Steps


Medication Assisted Treatment (MAT)


Insurance


Treatment Coverage


Insurance Options


No Insurance?






Recovery


Recovery Overview


First 90 Days


Aftercare


Maintaining Recovery


The Science of Change




Relapse




Advocacy


Advocacy Overview


Substance Use Disorder Treatment Task Force


State Initiatives


Federal Initiatives




Get Involved


Become an Ambassador


Fundraise for Shatterproof


Shatterproof Challenge Rappel


Rise Up Against Addiction 5K Run/Walk


Shatterproof Fit


Shatterproof Golf Classic


Create Your Own Fundraiser


New York City Marathon




Volunteer with Us




Memorial


Donate



















  Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr.








Co-Founder, FelCor, Inc.


Thomas J. Corcoran co-founded FelCor, Inc., a real estate investment trust, with Hervey Feldman in 1991.  In 1994 FelCor went public as a hotel REIT.  In 1996 FelCor Lodging Trust was listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  Mr. Corcoran served as President and Chief Executive Officer of FelCor since its formation until his appointment to Chairman of the Board in 2006.
After serving as independent board member since December 2010, Mr. Corcoran was appointed Chairman of the Board of Sammons Enterprises.  Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, in the United States, with assets approaching $71 billion, Sammons ranks among the largest privately owned companies in the world.
From October 1990 to December 1991, he served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Fiesta Foods, Inc.  From 1979 to 1990, Mr. Corcoran held various positions with CEC Entertainment, Inc. and with Integra. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Integra from 1986 to 1990.
Mr. Corcoran’s board appointments include: past Chairman of the American Hotel & Lodging Association (AH&LA), and past Chairman of the IHG Owners Association.
Mr. Corcoran is a graduate of Washburn University where he received a Juris Doctorate.






Share this























Audio Interview w/ Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr., Pres. & CEO, FelCor Lodging Trust Inc.  - The Head of One of the Nation's Largest REIT's Comments on Q4 Numbers and Looks Ahead to 2002.








































menuclose









Industry Update




Editorial Article15 February 2002Audio Interview w/ Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr., Pres. & CEO, FelCor Lodging Trust Inc.  - The Head of One of the Nation's Largest REIT's Comments on Q4 Numbers and Looks Ahead to 2002.

Deep in the heart of Texas resides Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr. and FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated. Actually, it's not exactly "deep in the heart," it's more like northeast Texas - Irving, TX to be exact but I had that song in my head.

It was a pleasure to talk to the co-founder of FelCor recently which owns 183 properties in North America. Corcoran's company's fourth quarter numbers, the recovery after September 11, a look toward the future for the industry and FelCor and the Dallas Cowboys were all points of discussion in this streaming audio interview. Press "play," sit back and enjoy.

Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr. - Profile
Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr., 52, is the President and Chief Executive Officer of FelCor Lodging Trust Inc., and has served in such capacity since its formation in 1994.
Mr. Corcoran's long history of management in the lodging and foodservice industry began with Brock Hotel Corporation in Topeka, KS. During his 11 years with Brock, Mr. Corcoran held positions in mergers and acquisitions, financial planning and project development and franchise sales for Chuck E. Cheese Entertainment, Inc. (formerly ShowBiz Pizza Place, Inc.).
His positions with the company were as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors.
About FelCor Lodging Trust, Inc.
FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated FCH, formerly FelCor Suite Hotels, Inc., is the nation's second largest hotel real estate investment trust (REIT) with a total market capitalization of approximately $3.2.
FelCor's portfolio, which is primarily concentrated in the upscale and full-service segments, has grown to 183 hotels with approximately 50,000 rooms and suites. FelCor is the owner of the largest number of Embassy Suites, Crowne Plaza, Holiday Inn and independently owned Doubletree-branded hotels. Other leading hotel brands under which FelCor's hotels are operated include Sheraton Suites, Sheraton and Westin.
The Company's hotels are located in 35 states and Canada, in geographically diverse major markets with more than 50% of the hotels in California, Texas and Florida.
In 1994, FelCor went public with six hotels and a market capitalization of approximately $120 million as a REIT on Nasdaq under the name of FelCor Suite Hotels, Inc. and in 1996 listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In July 1998, FelCor changed its name to FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated.
ContactKevin HeilbronnerPhone: 703 322-1595Fax: 630 839-7292Send Email



More from FelCor





Most Read


Today
Last 7 days
Last 30 days
































More







Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising











	Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr. - Lawyer in Irving, Texas (TX) Dallas County - legaldirectories.com




































rysuwaabxxqxdqbazbrysuw


































	   Find a Lawyer
	   By Location
	   Areas of Practice
	   Experts & Services
	  
	   Products
      
       Online Store
	   Bar Links
	   About Us
	   Contact Us
	  
	   Disclaimer
	   Privacy Policy	  
	   Advance Search







Home > Browse Lawyers > All Cities in Texas > Irving Texas Lawyers




















Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr.



  
    Update this Profile  

Update Basic Profile
Add Web Link
Add Mediator Listing
Add Area of Practice
Add Bundle Area of Practice
Add Bundle Biographical









Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr. is a Lawyer in Texas, Irving.
         

(Kansas Out of State Listing)





Thomas J. Corcoran, Jr.
 



545 E John Carpenter Fwy
Ste 1300
Irving, 
		TX
75062-8124
        
      
Dallas County 




















            Update Your Basic Profile on LegalDirectories.com
            by filling out those fields that need to be changed or add new information, then submit this form or 
            call 1-800-447-5375 and ask to update your Basic Profile on the Legal Search 
            Engine www.LegalDirectories.com website.





                    Basic Profile Form






For a more extensive profile 
                









the legal search engine







	 
	           Find a Lawyer | By Location | Experts & Services | Areas of Practice | Marketing Solutions | Home | Disclaimer











                      If you're a lawyer or an advertiser and want more information on how to 
                      grow your client base, please call a Sales Specialist at:
1-800-447-5375 ext. 116
Monday - Thursday7:00am to 5:30pm CST


















Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc - The Legal Search Engine. All rights reserved








Use of this LegalDirectories.com web site and the information contained herein is subject to the restrictions and limitations described in Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
By accessing or retrieving information from LegalDirectories.com, the user acknowledges and agrees to be bound by such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc. - 1313 Oates Drive, Mesquite, TX, 75150 - (800) 447-5375 (214) 321-3238




















Insider Trading - Corcoran Thomas J Jr - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Corcoran Thomas J Jr





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-20Gift
2016-12-206:25 pm
N/AN/A
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc
FCH
Corcoran Thomas J JrChairmanDirector
6,000
$0
388,215(Direct)
View


2016-12-20Gift
2016-12-206:25 pm
N/AN/A
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc
FCH
Corcoran Thomas J JrChairmanDirector
6,000
$0
388,215(Direct)
View


2015-12-28Gift
2016-01-054:42 pm
N/AN/A
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc
FCH
Corcoran Thomas J JrChairmanDirector
6,000
$0
400,215(Direct)
View


2015-12-28Gift
2016-01-054:42 pm
N/AN/A
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc
FCH
Corcoran Thomas J JrChairmanDirector
6,000
$0
400,215(Direct)
View


2015-05-14Other
2015-05-145:42 pm
N/AN/A
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc
FCH
Corcoran Thomas J JrChairmanDirector
1,000
$25
0(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 04:15:18 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Thomas Corcoran, Felcor Lodging Trust Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Thomas "Tom" Corcoran

Former President/CEO/Co-Founder,
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc






Career History




Co-Founder
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc, 2/2006-PRESENT


Founder
Felcor Suite Hotels Inc, 7/1998-PRESENT


President/CEO/Co-Founder
Felcor Lodging Trust Inc, 7/1998-2/2006


President/CEO/Co-Founder
Felcor Suite Hotels Inc, 1994-7/1998


Co-Founder
Felcor Suite Hotels Inc, 1991-1994


Chairman/President/CEO
Fiesta Foods Inc, 10/1990-12/1991


President/CEO
Integra Hotel & Restaurant Co, 1986-1990


Various Positions
Showbiz Pizza Time Inc, 1979-1990


Various Positions
Integra Hotel & Restaurant Co, 1979-1986


Treasurer/Secretary
American Hotel & Lodging Association, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.felcor.com






Corporate Information
Address:

545 East John Carpenter Frwy
Suite 1300
Irving, TX 75062
United States


Phone:
1-972-444-4900


Fax:
1-972-444-4949


Web url:
www.felcor.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Washburn University School of Law
JD


Washburn University
Graduated








Memberships



Board Memberships




Sammons Enterprises Inc


Chairman, 2010-PRESENT




Felcor Lodging Trust Inc


Chairman, 2/2006-UNKNOWN FUTURE DATE




Felcor Lodging Trust Inc


Board Member, 7/1998-2/2006




Felcor Suite Hotels Inc


Board Member, 1994-7/1998




Fiesta Foods Inc


Chairman, 10/1990-12/1991




Showbiz Pizza Time Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Sammons Enterprises Inc


Board Member, 12/2010-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Natl Assoc of Real Estate Investment Trust


Member




American Hotel Foundation


Trustee




American Hotel & Lodging Assn


Chairman




American Hotel & Lodging Assn


Member




Embassy Suite's Advisory Council to Hilton Hotels


Chairman




Intl Assn of Holiday Inns


Member




Univ of Texas Board of Governors


Member




American Hospitality & Lodging Assn


Chairman




Intl Association of Holiday Inns


Vice Chairman



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































   Thomas Corcoran | FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated | ZoomInfo.com