







Tommy Corcoran




















Spartacus Educational






















Tommy Corcoran


Thomas Corcoran, the son of a lawyer, was born in Rhode Island on 29th December, 1899. He was educated at Brown University and Harvard Law School. Corcoran's most important influence at university was Professor Felix Frankfurter. He wrote that Corcoran was "struggling very hard with the burden of inferiority imposed on him because of his Irish Catholicism". Frankfurter was impressed with Corcoran's progress and introduced him to his close friend, Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes. After graduating in 1926 he was invited by Holmes to become his legal clerk.
In 1927 Corcoran joined the law firm established by William McAdoo. At the time it was run by George Franklin and Joseph Cotton. In 1932 Eugene Meyer, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, was looking for a general counsel for the newly established Reconstruction Finance Corporation. After talks with Franklin he appointed Corcoran to this post. Meyer resigned in 1933 and was replaced by Jesse H. Jones.
After Franklin D. Roosevelt defeated Herbert Hoover he asked Felix Frankfurter to assemble a legal team to review the nation's securities laws. Frankfurter selected Corcoran, Benjamin Cohen and James Landis for the task. Corcoran, a member of the Democratic Party, readily accepted the post. Together they drafted the legislation that created the Securities and Exchange Commission.
William E. Leuchtenburg, the author of Franklin D. Roosevelt and the New Deal (1963), has pointed out: "Corcoran was a new political type: the expert who not only drafted legislation but maneuvered it through the treacherous corridors of Capitol Hill." Ray S. Cline added: "Corcoran... says that his greatest contribution to government in his long career was helping infiltrate smart young Harvard Law School products into every agency of government. He felt the United States needed to develop a highly educated, highly motivated public service corps that had not existed before Roosevelt's time."
The following year Corcoran was involved in drafting the Public Utilities Holding Company Act. On 1st July, 1935, Owen Brewster claimed that Corcoran threatened to stop construction on the Passamaquoddy Dam in his district unless he supported the Holding Company Bill. Congress immediately ordered the rules committee to investigate the matter. The Senate investigation, headed by Hugo Black, eventually cleared Corcoran of any wrongdoing. Corcoran wrote to a friend: "Storms make a sailor - if he survives them."
Thomas, Howard and David Corcoran
Roosevelt's personal secretary, Louis M. Howe, died of pneumonia on 24th June, 1936. According to Corcoran's biographer, David McKean (Peddling Influence), Corcoran now replaced Howe as Roosevelt's most "trusted adviser and personal companion". Some of Roosevelt's ministers complained about Corcoran's growing influence. Henry Morgenthau, the Secretary of the Treasury, claimed that Corcoran was a "crook". As well as drafting New Deal legislation, Roosevelt used Corcoran as his "special emissary to Capitol Hill". Elliott Roosevelt wrote that: "Apart from my father, Tom (Corcoran) was the single most influential individual in the country."
In 1937 Corcoran used this influence to make sure Sam Rayburn of Texas became Speaker of the House. This was a difficult task as James Farley was advocating that John O'Connor got the job. Corcoran's increasing power was indicated by the fact that Franklin D. Roosevelt brought an end to Farley's campaign. This was the beginning of a very close relationship that Corcoran enjoyed with Rayburn and the Texas oil industry.
Franklin D. Roosevelt began to have considerable problems with the Supreme Court. The chief justice, Charles Hughes, had been the Republican Party presidential candidate in 1916. Hughes, appointed by Herbert Hoover in 1930, led the court's opposition to some of the proposed New Deal legislation. This included the ruling against the National Recovery Administration (NRA), the Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA) and ten other New Deal laws.
On 2nd February, 1937, Franklin D. Roosevelt made a speech attacking the Supreme Court for its actions over New Deal legislation. He pointed out that seven of the nine judges (Charles Hughes, Willis Van Devanter, George Sutherland, Harlan Stone, Owen Roberts, Benjamin Cardozo and Pierce Butler) had been appointed by Republican presidents. Roosevelt had just won re-election by 10,000,000 votes and resented the fact that the justices could veto legislation that clearly had the support of the vast majority of the public.
Roosevelt suggested that the age was a major problem as six of the judges were over 70 (Charles Hughes, Willis Van Devanter, James McReynolds, Louis Brandeis, George Sutherland and Pierce Butler). Roosevelt announced that he was going to ask Congress to pass a bill enabling the president to expand the Supreme Court by adding one new judge, up to a maximum off six, for every current judge over the age of 70. Hughes realized that Roosevelt's Court Reorganization Bill would result in the court coming under the control of the Democratic Party. Behind the scenes Hughes was busy doing deals to make sure that Roosevelt's bill would be defeated in Congress.
Tommy Corcoran was giving the task by Roosevelt to persuade Congress to pass this proposed legislation. This included working closely with I. F. Stone of the New York Post. Stone, a strong opponent of the conservative Supreme Court, agreed to write speeches for Corcoran on this issue. These speeches were then passed on to Roosevelt supporters in Congress.
In the past Corcoran had relied heavily on the influence of his close friend, Burton Wheeler, chairman of the Judiciary Committee. However, Wheeler had now turned against Roosevelt. Wheeler even argued that Franklin D. Roosevelt had been behind the assassination of Huey Long. Corcoran continued to campaign for the Judicial Court Reorganization Bill but he failed to persuade enough to get it passed.
Even the most left-wing of all the justices, Louis Brandeis, opposed Roosevelt's attempt to "pack" the Supreme Court. Brandeis was also beginning to oppose some aspects of the New Deal that he believed "favored big business". However, members of the Supreme Court accepted they had to fall in line with public opinion. On 29th March, Owen Roberts announced that he had changed his mind about voting against minimum wage legislation. Hughes also reversed his opinion on the Social Security Act and the National Labour Relations Act (NLRA) and by a 5-4 vote they were now declared to be constitutional.
Then Willis Van Devanter, probably the most conservative of the justices, announced his intention to resign. He was replaced by Hugo Black, a member of the Democratic Party and a strong supporter of the New Deal. In July, 1937, Congress defeated the Court Reorganization Bill by 70-20. However, Roosevelt had the satisfaction of knowing he had a Supreme Court that was now less likely to block his legislation.
Corcoran later took credit for getting Hugo Black (1937), Felix Frankfurter (1939), William O. Douglas (1939) and Frank Murphy (1940) appointed to Supreme Court. He also played an important role in defending Black when it was discovered that he was a former member of the Ku Klux Klan. Corcoran later claimed he wrote Black's statement asking for forgiveness.
Time Magazine (September, 1938)
Corcoran also became involved in advising Franklin D. Roosevelt over foreign policy. Although he had liberal views on domestic issues, Corcoran was passionately anti-communist. This was partly because of his Roman Catholicism. Roosevelt initially favoured giving help to the Republican government in Spain. However, Corcoran was a supporter of the fascist movement led by General Francisco Franco.
As Drew Pearson and Jack Anderson pointed out in their book, The Case Against Congress: A Compelling Indictment of Corruption on Capitol Hill: “Long before Pope John and Pope Paul made it clear they were not in sympathy with the Catholic hierarchy of Spain, the reactionary wing of the Catholic Church in the United States had been conducting one of the most efficient lobbies ever to operate on Capital Hill. It was able to reverse completely American policy on Spain. During the Spanish Civil War, Thomas G. Corcoran, a member of the Roosevelt brain trust, worked effectively at the White House to keep an embargo on all U.S. arms to both sides.”
Corcoran knew that Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini would continue to provide both men and arms to Francisco Franco. Roosevelt's decision enabled fascism to win in Spain and become entrenched in Europe. Roosevelt later told his cabinet that he had made a "grave mistake" with respect to neutrality in the Spanish Civil War. Roosevelt was angry with Tommy Corcoran over his advice on Spain. He also began to see that Corcoran was becoming a problem for the administration. He had upset a lot of powerful figures in Congress with his arm twisting tactics. Corcoran had also tried to unseat those who attempted to resist Franklin D. Roosevelt. For example, Walter George of Georgia claimed that Corcoran had the "power of saying who shall be a senator and who shall not be a senator."
In June 1939, an article appeared in the Saturday Evening Post accused James Roosevelt of being a war profiteer. It was also claimed that the president's son helped Joseph Kennedy to obtain the ambassador to Great Britain. Corcoran, who was very close to James Roosevelt, got dragged into this scandal. It was not the first time that Corcoran had been accused of corrupt behaviour. Norman M. Littell, a high-ranking Justice Department official, told Anna Roosevelt that Corcoran had become a liability to her father: No quality is so essential in government as simple integrity and forthrightness. Ability and brilliance of mind are not enough."
Corcoran's fascist sympathies resulted in him becoming a firm advocate of isolationism. He told friends that Irish Americans liked him "remembered their parents' repression at the hands of the British". On one occasion, Harry Hopkins told Corcoran: "Tom you're too Catholic to trust the Russians and too Irish to trust the English."
Tommy Corcoran now found himself outside the inner circle. In 1940 he began telling friends that he was considering leaving government. He told Samuel Irving Rosenman: "I want to make a million dollars in one year, that's all. Then I'm coming back to the government for the rest of my life." Corcoran's plan was to become a political lobbyist on behalf of companies seeking to obtain government contracts. A large number of government officials had their jobs because of Corcoran. It was payback time.
One day in early October 1940, Franklin D. Roosevelt told Corcoran that he wanted him to resign from the administration. He wanted him to carry out a covert mission and it was "too politically dangerous" to do this while serving in his government.
Roosevelt believed that the best way of stopping Japanese imperialism in Asia was to arm the Chinese government of Chiang Kai-shek. However, Congress was opposed to this idea as it was feared that this help might trigger a war with Japan. Therefore, Roosevelt's plan was for Corcoran to establish a private corporation to provide assistance to the nationalist government in China. Roosevelt even supplied the name of the proposed company, China Defense Supplies. He also suggested that his uncle, Frederick Delano, should be co-chairman of the company. Chiang nominated his former finance minister, Tse-ven Soong, as the other co-chairman.
For reasons of secrecy, Corcoran took no title other than outside counsel for China Defense Supplies. William S. Youngman was his frontman in China. Corcoran's friend, Whitey Willauer, was moved to the Foreign Economic Administration, where he supervised the sending of supplies to China. In this way Corcoran was able to create an Asian Lend-Lease program.
Corcoran also worked closely with Claire Lee Chennault, who had been working as a military adviser to Chiang Kai-shek since 1937. Chennault told Corcoran that if he was given the resources, he could maintain an air force within China that could carry out raids against the Japanese. Corcoran returned to the United States and managed to persuade Franklin D. Roosevelt to approve the creation of the American Volunteer Group.
One hundred P-40 fighters, built by the Curtiss-Wright Corporation, intended for Britain, were redirected to Chennault in China. William Pawley was Curtiss-Wright's representative in Asia and he arranged for the P-40 to be assembled in Rangoon. It was Tommy Corcoran's son David who suggested that the American Volunteer Group should be called the Flying Tigers. Chennault liked the idea and asked his friend, Walt Disney, to design a tiger emblem for the planes.
On 13th April, 1941, Roosevelt signed a secret executive order authorizing the American Volunteer Group to recruit reserve officers from the army, navy and marines. Pawley suggested that the men should be recruited as "flying instructors".
In July, 1941, ten pilots and 150 mechanics were supplied with fake passports and sailed from San Francisco for Rangoon. When they arrived they were told that they were really involved in a secret war against Japan. To compensate for the risks involved, the pilots were to be paid $600 a month ($675 for a patrol leader). In addition, they were to receive $500 for every enemy plane they shot down.
The Flying Tigers were extremely effective in their raids on Japanese positions and helped to slow down attempts to close the Burma Road, a key supply route to China. In seven months of fighting, the Flying Tigers destroyed 296 planes at a loss of 24 men (14 while flying and 10 on the ground).
Tommy Corcoran had originally been an isolationist. However, he now knew that he could make a fortune out of the arms trade. His first major client was Henry J. Kaiser, a successful businessman from California. Corcoran had helped Kaiser obtain lucrative government contracts while working for the Reconstruction Finance Corporation.
Kaiser paid Corcoran a retainer of $25,000 a year. Corcoran then introduced Kaiser to William S. Knudsen, head of the Office of Production Management. Over the next few years Kaiser obtained $645 million in building contracts at his ten shipyards. Kaiser's two main business partners were Stephen D. Bechtel and John A. McCone. Kaiser had worked with Bechtel in the 1930s to build many of the major roads throughout California.
In 1937 McCone became president of Bechtel-McCone. On the outbreak of the Second World War McCone joined forces with Kaiser and Bechtel to establish the California Shipbuilding Company. With the help of Corcoran, the company obtained large government contracts to build ships. In 1946 it was reported that the company had made $44 million in wartime profits.
Corcoran was also informed that a great deal of magnesium would be needed for building aircraft. With the help of Jesse H. Jones, the boss of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Kaiser was granted a loan to build a magnesium production plant in San Jose, California. After the RFC loan was secured, Corcoran sent Kaiser a bill requesting $135,000 in cash and a 15% stake in the magnesium production business.
Another important client was the Houston contracting firm of Brown & Root, owned by George R. Brown and Herman Brown. These brothers had been the major financiers of the political campaigns of Lyndon B. Johnson. Corcoran arranged for the two men to meet William S. Knudsen. Records show that Corcoran was paid $15,000 for "advice, conferences and negotiations" related to shipbuilding contracts.
In 1942 the Brown brothers established the Brown Shipbuilding Company on the Houston Ship Channel. Over the next three years the company built 359 ships and employed 25,000 people. This brought in revenue of $27,000,000. The government shipbuilding contract was eventually worth $357,000,000. Yet until they got the contract, Brown & Root had never built a single ship of any type.
Corcoran's work with China Defense Supplies caused some disquiet in Roosevelt's administration. Henry Morgenthau was a prominent critic. He argued that in effect, Corcoran was running an off-the-books operation in which a private company was diverting some of the war material destined for China to a private army, the American Volunteer Group.
Resistance also came from General George Marshall and General Joseph Stilwell, the American commander in Asia. Marshall and Stilwell both believed that Chiang Kai-shek was completely corrupt and needed to be forced into introducing reforms. Stilwell complained about Corcoran's ability to present Chiang in the best possible light with Roosevelt. Stilwell wrote to Marshall that the "continued publication of Chungking propaganda in the United States is an increasing handicap to my work." He added, "we can pull them out of this cesspool, but continued concessions have made the Generalissimo believe he has only to insist and we will yield."
Corcoran was also coming under pressure from the work he was doing for Sterling Pharmaceutical. His brother, David worked for the company and was responsible for getting Corcoran the contract. However, it was revealed in 1940 that Sterling Pharmaceutical had strong links with I. G. Farben. The FBI discovered that Sterling had conspired with Farben to control the sale of aspirin. In other words, had formed an aspirin cartel. According to one FBI report, Sterling were employing Nazi sympathizers in its offices in Latin America. Rumours began to circulate that Burton Wheeler would announce that he was appointing a subcommittee to investigate the relations between American and German firms.
Assistant Attorney General Thurman Arnold announced he was ready to prosecute any American company aiding and abetting a German company in any part of the world. On 10th April, 1941, the Department of Justice issued subpoenas to Sterling Pharmaceutical. Soon afterwards newspapers began to run negative stories about the company. One claimed that Sterling was helping the Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels fulfill his pledge that "Americans would help Hitler win the Americas."
On 2nd June, 1941, Roosevelt appointed Francis B. Biddle as his new Attorney General. Biddle was a close friend of Corcoran's. The day after his appointment, Biddle accepted a settlement offer from Sterling in which the company would pay a fine of five thousand dollars. Later, it was agreed that Sterling would abrogate all contracts with I. G. Farben.
In Congress there was speeches made calling for an investigation into the role played by Corcoran in protecting the interests of Sterling Pharmaceutical. Senator Lawrence Smith argued: "It is common gossip in government circles that the long arm of Tommy Corcoran reaches into many agencies; that he has placed many men in important positions and they in turn are amenable to his influences."
Corcoran had also developed a close relationship with Lyndon B. Johnson. On 4th April, 1941, Texas senator, Morris Sheppard died. Corcoran agreed to help Johnson in his campaign to replace Sheppard. This included helping Johnson obtain approval of a rural electrification project from the Rural Electrification Administration. Corcoran also arranged to Franklin D. Roosevelt to make a speech on the eve of the polls criticizing Johnson's opponent, Wilbert Lee O'Daniel. Despite the efforts of Corcoran, O'Daniel defeated Johnson by 1,311 votes.
On the suggestion of Alvin J. Wirtz, Johnson decided to acquire KTBC, a radio station in Austin. E. G. Kingsberry and Wesley West, agreed to sell KTBC to Johnson (officially it was purchased by his wife, Lady Bird Johnson). However, it needed the approval of the Federal Communications Commission (FCR). Johnson asked Corcoran for help with this matter. This was not very difficult as the chairman of the FCR, James Fly, was appointed by Frank Murphy as a favour for Corcoran. The FCC eventually approved the deal and Johnson was able to use KTBC to amass a fortune of more than $25 million.
Rumours continued to circulate about Corcoran's illegal activities. Harry S. Truman accused Todd Shipyards of hiring Corcoran to help win government contracts. In September, 1941, the New York Times reported that Corcoran was responsible for obtaining favourable treatment in the settlement of the Justice Department case brought against Sterling Pharmaceutical. Another newspaper reported that Vice President Henry Wallace "disapproves of the way Mr. Corcoran has capitalized on the government associations to promote his lucrative 'law' practice."
On 16th December, 1941, Corcoran appeared before the Senate Defense Investigation Committee. He admitted that business had been exceedingly good since he left Roosevelt's administration. Some members of the committee were convinced that Corcoran's activities revealed a need for more stringent lobbying restrictions. Senator Carl Hatch from New Mexico introduced a bill that would prohibit former government employees from working with government departments or agencies for two years after leaving government service. As David McKean points out in Peddling Influence, "the bill never made it out of the Judiciary Committee, presumably because Washington lobbyists persuaded their friends on the panel to kill it."
After the United States entered the war against Japan, Germany and Italy, President Franklin D. Roosevelt established the Office of Strategic Services (OSS). Roosevelt selected Colonel William Donovan as the first director of the organization, who had spent some time studying the Special Operations Executive (SOE), an organization set up by the British government in July 1940. The OSS had responsibility for collecting and analyzing information about countries at war with the United States.
The OSS gradually took over the activities that Corcoran had helped set up in China. In 1943 OSS agents based in China included Paul Helliwell, E. Howard Hunt, Mitch Werbell, Lucien Conein, John Singlaub and Ray Cline. According to an article in the Wall Street Journal, some OSS members in China were paid for their work with five-pound sacks of opium.
In a letter to the Senate Defense Investigation Committee in November, 1944, Norman M. Littell, assistant attorney general for the lands division, reported conversations between Tommy Corcoran and Francis Biddle that suggested that the two men had a corrupt relationship. Littell claimed that Biddle seemed to be following instructions from Corcoran. In the letter, Littell asked the committee: "What has Tommy Corcoran got on Biddle?"
Littell argued that during the investigation of the Sterling Pharmaceutical case, Biddle was "completely dominated by Tommy Corcoran". He added that this company was acting as "an agent of Nazi Germany" and that Biddle's decision to settle this case was "the lowest point in the history of the Department of Justice since the Harding administration".
This story was picked up by the national press and demands were made that the relationship between Biddle and Corcoran should be investigated. Sam Rayburn made sure that no committee held a hearing on this issue. Charles Van Devander reported in the Washington Post that: "Strong influence is being brought to bear to block an investigation by Congress into the affairs of the Department of Justice, including Attorney General Biddle's allegedly close relationship with lawyer lobbyist Tommy Corcoran."
One moth after the dropping the atom bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Tommy Corcoran joined with David Corcoran and William S. Youngman to create a Panamanian company, Rio Carthy, for the purpose of pursuing business ventures in Asia and South America. Soon afterwards, Claire Lee Chennault and Whiting Willauer approached Corcoran with the idea of creating a commercial airline in China to compete with CNAC and CATC. Corcoran agreed to use Rio Cathy as the legal vehicle for investing in the airline venture. Chiang Kai-shek agreed that his government would invest in the airline. Corcoran anticipated he would own 37% of the equity in the airline, but Chennault and Willauer gave a greater percentage to the Chinese government, and Corcoran's share dropped to 28%.
Civil Air Transport (CAT) was officially launched on 29th January, 1946. Corcoran approached his old friend Fiorella LaGuardia, the director general of the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA). He agreed to award a $4 million contract to deliver relief to China. This contract kept them going for the first year but as the civil war intensified, CAT had difficulty maintaining its routes.
The OSS had been disbanded in October 1945 and was replaced by the War Department's Strategic Service Unit (SSU). Paul Helliwell became chief of the Far East Division of the SSU. In 1947 the SSU was replaced by the Central Intelligence Agency.
CAT needed another major customer and on 6th July, 1947, Corcoran and Claire Lee Chennault had a meeting with Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, the new director of the CIA. Hillenkoetter arranged for Corcoran to meet Frank Wisner, the director of the Office of Policy Coordination. Wisner was in charge of the CIA's covert operations.
On 1st November, 1948, Corcoran signed a formal agreement with the CIA. The agreement committed the agency to provide up to $500,000 to finance an CAT airbase, and $200,000 to fly agency personnel and equipment in and out of the mainland, and to underwrite any shortfall that might result from any hazardous mission. Over the next few months CAT airlifted personnel and equipment from Chungking, Kweilin, Luchnow, Nanking, and Amoy.
In 1948, Lyndon B. Johnson decided to make a second run for the U.S. Senate. His main opponent in the Democratic primary (Texas was virtually a one party state and the most important elections were those that decided who would be the Democratic Party candidate) was Coke Stevenson. Johnson was criticized by Stevenson for supporting the Taft-Hartley Act. The American Federation of Labor was also angry with Johnson for supporting this legislation and at its June convention the AFL broke a 54 year tradition of neutrality and endorsed Stevenson.
Johnson asked Tommy Corcoran to work behind the scenes at convincing union leaders that he was more pro-labor than Stevenson. This he did and on 11th August, 1948, Corcoran told Harold Ickes that he had "a terrible time straightening out labor" in the Johnson campaign but he believed he had sorted the problem out.
On 2nd September, unofficial results had Stevenson winning by 362 votes. However, by the time the results became official, Johnson was declared the winner by 17 votes. Stevenson immediately claimed that he was a victim of election fraud. On 24th September, Judge T. Whitfield Davidson, invalidated the results of the election and set a trial date.
Johnson once again approached Corcoran to solve the problem. A meeting was held that was attended by Corcoran, Francis Biddle, Abe Fortas, Joe Rauh, Jim Rowe and Ben Cohen. It was decided to take the case directly to the Supreme Court. A motion was drafted and sent to Justice Hugo Black. On 28th September, Justice Black issued an order that put Johnson's name back on the ballot. Later, it was claimed by Rauh that Black made the decision following a meeting with Corcoran.
On 2nd November, 1948, Johnson easily defeated Jack Porter, his Republican Party candidate. Coke Stevenson now appealed to the subcommittee on elections and privileges of the Senate Rules and Administration Committee. Corcoran enjoyed a good relationship with Senator Styles Bridges of New Hampshire. He was able to work behind the scenes to make sure that the ruling did not go against Johnson. Corcoran later told Johnson that he would have to repay Bridges for what he had done for him regarding the election. The Johnson-Stevenson case was also investigated by J. Edgar Hoover and the FBI. Johnson was eventually cleared by Hoover of corruption and was allowed to take his seat in the Senate.
In 1949 Sam Zemurray asked Corcoran to join the United Fruit Company as a lobbyist and special counsel. Zemurray had problems with his business in Guatemala. In the 1930s Zemurray aligned United Fruit closely with the government of President Jorge Ubico. The company received import duty and real estate tax exemptions from Ubico. He also gave them hundreds of square miles of land. United Fruit controlled more land than any other individual or group. It also owned the railway, the electric utilities, telegraph, and the country's only port at Puerto Barrios on the Atlantic coast.
Ubico was overthrown in 1944 and following democratic elections, Juan Jose Arevalo became the new president. Arevalo, a university professor who had been living in exile, described himself as a "spiritual socialist". He implemented sweeping reforms by passing new laws that gave workers the right to form unions. This included the 40,000 Guatemalans who worked for United Fruit.
Zemurray feared that Arevalo would also nationalize the land owned by United Fruit in Guatemala. He asked Corcoran to express his fears to senior political figures in Washington. Corcoran began talks with key people in the government agencies and departments that shaped U.S. policy in Central America. He argued that the U.S. should use United Fruit as an American beachhead against communism in the region.
In January, 1950, Civil Air Transport (CAT) relocated its base of operations to the island of Formosa, where Chiang Kai-shek had established his new government. The following month, the Soviet Union and China signed a mutual defense pact. Two weeks later, President Harry S. Truman signed National Security Directive 64, which stated that “it is important to United states security interests that all practical measures be taken to prevent further communist expansion in Southeast Asia.”
The support of the government in Formosa was to become a key aspect of this policy. In February 1950, Frank Wisner began negotiating with Corcoran for the purchase of CAT. “In March, using a ‘cutout’ banker or middleman, the CIA paid CAT $350,000 to clear up arrearages, $400,000 for future operations, and a $1 million option on the business. The money was then divided among the airline’s owners, with Corcoran and Youngman receiving more than $100,000 for six years of legal fees, and Corcoran, Youngman, and David Corcoran dividing approximately $225,000 from the sale of the airline.” Paul Helliwell was put in charge of this operation. His deputy was Desmond FitzGerald. Helliwell's main job was to help Chiang Kai-shek to prepare for a future invasion of Communist China. The CIA created a pair of front companies to supply and finance the surviving forces of Chiang's KMT. Helliwell w as put in charge of this operation. This included establishing the Sea Supply Corporation, a shipping company in Bangkok.
The CIA now launched a secret war against China. An office under commercial cover called Western Enterprises was opened on Taiwan. Training and operational bases were established in Taiwan and other offshore islands. By 1951 Chiang Kai-shek claimed to have more than a million active guerrillas in China. However, according to John Prados, “ United States intelligence estimates at the time carried the more conservative figure of 600,000 or 650,000, only half of whom could be considered loyal to Taiwan.”
After the war Tommy Corcoran continued his work as a paid lobbyist for Sam Zemurray and the United Fruit Company. Zemurray became concerned that Captain Jacobo Arbenz, one of the heroes of the 1944 revolution, would be elected as the new president of Guatemala. In the spring of 1950, Corcoran went to see Thomas C. Mann, the director of the State Department’s Office of Inter-American Affairs. Corcoran asked Mann if he had any plans to prevent Arbenz from being elected. Mann replied: “That is for the people of that country to decide.”
Unhappy with this reply, Corcoran paid a call on the Allen Dulles, the deputy director of the CIA. Dulles, who represented United Fruit in the 1930s, was far more interested in Corcoran’s ideas. “During their meeting Dulles explained to Corcoran that while the CIA was sympathetic to United Fruit, he could not authorize any assistance without the support of the State Department. Dulles assured Corcoran, however, that whoever was elected as the next president of Guatemala would not be allowed to nationalize the operations of United Fruit.”
However, political groups continued to resort to violence and in 1949 Major Francisco Arana was murdered. The following year Arbenz defeated Manuel Ygidoras to become Guatemala's new president. Arbenz, who obtained 65% of the votes, took power on 15th March, 1951. Corcoran then recruited Robert La Follette to work for United Fruit. Corcoran arranged for La Follette to lobby liberal members of Congress. The message was that Arbenz was not a liberal but a dangerous left-wing radical.
This strategy was successful and Congress was duly alarmed when on 17 th June, 1952, Arbenz announced a new Agrarian Reform program . This included expropriating idle land on government and private estates and redistributed to peasants in lots of 8 to 33 acres. The Agrarian Reform program managed to give 1.5 million acres to around 100,000 families for which the government paid $8,345,545 in bonds. Among the expropriated landowners was Arbenz himself, who had become into a landowner with the dowry of his wealthy wife. Around 46 farms were given to groups of peasants who organized themselves in cooperatives.
In March 1953, 209,842 acres of United Fruit Company's uncultivated land was taken by the government which offered compensation of $525,000. The company wanted $16 million for the land. While the Guatemalan government valued $2.99 per acre, the American government valued it at $75 per acre. As David McKean has pointed out: This figure was “in line with the company’s own valuation of the property, at least for tax purposes”. However, the company wanted $16 million for the land. While the Guatemalan government valued it at $2.99 per acre, the company now valued it at $75 per acre.
Corcoran contacted President Anastasio Somoza and warned him that the Guatemalan revolution might spread to Nicaragua. Somoza now made representations to Harry S. Truman about what was happening in Guatemala. After discussions with Walter Bedell Smith, director of the CIA, a secret plan to overthrow Arbenz (Operation Fortune) was developed. Part of this plan involved Tommy Corcoran arranging for small arms and ammunition to be loaded on a United Fruit freighter and shipped to Guatemala, where the weapons would be distributed to dissidents. When the Secretary of State Dean Acheson discovered details of Operation Fortune, he had a meeting with Truman where he vigorously protested about the involvement of United Fruit and the CIA in the attempted overthrow of the democratically elected President Jacobo Arbenz. As a result of Acheson’s protests, Truman ordered the postponement of Operation Fortune.
Tommy Corcoran’s work was made easier by the election of Dwight Eisenhower in November, 1952. Eisenhower’s personal secretary was Anne Whitman, the wife of Edmund Whitman, United Fruit’s public relations director. Eisenhower appointed John Peurifoy as ambassador to Guatemala. He soon made it clear that he believed that the Arbenz government posed a threat to the America’s campaign against communism.
Corcoran also arranged for Whiting Willauer, his friend and partner in Civil Air Transport, to become U.S. ambassador to Honduras. As Willauer pointed out in a letter to Claire Lee Chennault, he worked day and night to arrange training sites and instructors plus air crews for the rebel air force, and to keep the Honduran government “in line so they would allow the revolutionary activity to continue.”
Eisenhower also replaced Dean Acheson with John Foster Dulles. His brother, Allen Dulles became director of the CIA. The Dulles brothers “had sat on the board of United Fruit’s partner in the banana monopoly, the Schroder Banking Corporation” whereas “U.N. Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge was a stockholder and had been a strong defender of United Fruit while a U.S. senator.”
Walter Bedell Smith was moved to the State Department. Smith told Corcoran he would do all he could to help in the overthrow of Arbenz. He added that he would like to work for United Fruit once he retired from government office. This request was granted and Bedell Smith was later to become a director of United Fruit. According to John Prados, the author of The Presidents' Secret War, Corcoran’s meeting with “Undersecretary of State Walter Bedell Smith that summer and that conversation is recalled by CIA officers as the clear starting point of that plan.” Evan Thomas, the author of The Very Best Me; Daring Early Years of the CIA (2007) has added that: “With his usual energy and skill, Corcoran beseeched the U. S. government to overthrow Arbenz”.
The new CIA plan to overthrow Jacobo Arbenz was called “Operation Success”. Allen Dulles became the executive agent and arranged for Tracey Barnes and Richard Bissell to plan and execute the operation. Bissell later claimed that he had been aware of the problem since reading a document published by the State Department that claimed: “The communists already exercise in Guatemala a political influence far out of proportion to their small numerical strength. This influence will probably continue to grow during 1952. The political situation in Guatemala adversely effects U. S. interests and constitutes a potential threat to U.S. security.” Bissell does not point out that the source of this information was Tommy Corcoran and the United Fruit Company.
John Prados argues that it was Barnes and Bissell who “coordinated the Washington end of the planning and logistics for the Guatemala operation.” As Deputy Director for Plans, it was Frank Wisner’s responsibility to select the field commander for Operation Success. Kim Roosevelt was first choice but he turned it down and instead the job went to Albert Hanley, the CIA station Chief in Korea.
Hanley was told to report to Joseph Caldwell King, director of the CIA’s Western Hemisphere Division. King had previously worked for the FBI where he had responsibility for all intelligence operations in Latin America. King suggested Hanley meet Tommy Corcoran. Hanley did not like the idea. King replied: “If you think you can run this operation without United Fruit you’re crazy.” Although Hanley refused to work with Corcoran, Allen Dulles kept him fully informed of the latest developments in planning the overthrow of Arbenz.
Tracey Barnes brought in David Atlee Phillips to run a “black” propaganda radio station. According to Phillips, he was reluctant to take part in the overthrow of a democratically elected president. Barnes replied: “It’s not a question of Arbenz. Nor of Guatemala. We have solid intelligence that the Soviets intended to throw substantial support to Arbenz… Guatemala is bordered by Honduras, British Honduras, Salvador and Mexico. It’s unacceptable to have a Commie running Guatemala.”
Barnes also appointed E. Howard Hunt as chief of political action. In his autobiography, Undercover (1975), Hunt claims that “Barnes swore me to special secrecy and revealed that the National Security Council under Eisenhower and Vice President Nixon had ordered the overthrow of Guatemala’s Communist regime.” Hunt was not convinced by this explanation. He pointed out that 18 months previously he had suggested to the director of the CIA that Arbenz needed to be dealt with. However, the idea had been rejected. Hunt was now told that: “ Washington lawyer Thomas G. Corcoran had, among his clients, the United Fruit Company. United Fruit, like many American corporations in Guatemala had watched with growing dismay nationalization, confiscation and other strong measures affecting their foreign holdings. Finally a land-reform edict issued by Arbenz proved the final straw, and Tommy the Cork had begun lobbying in behalf of United Fruit and against Arbenz. Following this special impetus our project had been approved by the National Security Council and was already under way.”
Albert Hanley brought in Rip Robertson to take charge of the paramilitary side of the operation. Robertson had been Hanley’s deputy in Korea and had “enjoyed going along on the behind-the-lines missions with the CIA guerrillas, in violation of standing orders from Washington.” One of those who worked with Robertson in Operation Success was David Morales. Also in the team was Henry Hecksher, who operated under cover in Guatemala to supply front-line reports.
John Foster Dulles decided that he “needed a civilian adviser to the State Department team to help expediate Operation Success. Dulles chose a friend of Corcoran’s, William Pawley, a Miami-based millionaire”. David McKean goes on to point out that Pawley had worked with Corcoran, Chennault and Willauer in helping to set up the Flying Tigers and in transforming Civil Air Transport into a CIA airline. McKean adds that his most important qualification for the job was his “long association with right-wing Latin America dictators.”
The rebel “liberation army” was formed and trained in Nicaragua. This was not a problem as President Anastasio Somoza and been warning the United States government since 1952 that that the Guatemalan revolution might spread to Nicaragua. The rebel army of 150 men were trained by Rip Robertson. Their commander was a disaffected Guatemalan army officer, Carlos Castillo Armas.
It was clear that a 150 man army was unlikely to be able to overthrow the Guatemalan government. Tracey Barnes believed that if the rebels could gain control of the skies and bomb Guatemala City, they could create panic and Arbenz might be fooled into accepting defeat.
According to Richard Bissell, Somoza was willing to provide cover for this covert operation. However, this was on the understanding that these aircraft would be provided by the United States. Dwight Eisenhower agreed to supply Somoza with a “small pirate air force to bomb Arbenz into submission”. To fly these planes, the CIA recruited American mercenaries like Jerry DeLarm.
Before the bombing of Guatemala City, the rebel army was moved to Honduras where Tommy Corcoran’s business partner, Whiting Willauer, was ambassador. The plan was for them to pretend to be the “vanguard of a much larger army seeking to liberate their homeland from the Marxists”.
Arbenz became aware of this CIA plot to overthrow him. Guatemalan police made several arrests. In his memoirs, Eisenhower described these arrests as a “reign of terror” and falsely claimed that “agents of international Communism in Guatemala continued their efforts to penetrate and subvert their neighboring Central American states, using consular agents for their political purposes and fomenting political assassinations and strikes."
Sydney Gruson of the New York Times began to investigate this story. Journalists working for Time Magazine also tried to write about these attempts to destabilize Arbenz’s government. Frank Wisner, head of Operation Mockingbird, asked Allen Dulles to make sure that the American public never discovered the plot to overthrow Arbenz. Arthur Hays Sulzberger, the publisher of the New York Times, agreed to stop Gruson from writing the story. Henry Luce was also willing to arrange for the Time Magazine reports to be rewritten at the editorial offices in New York.
The CIA propaganda campaign included the distribution of 100,000 copies of a pamphlet entitled  Chronology of Communism in Guatemala . They also produced three films on Guatemala for showing free in cinemas. Faked photographs were distributed that claimed to show the mutilated bodies of opponents of Arbenz.
David Atlee Phillips and E. Howard Hunt were responsible for running the CIA's  Voice of Liberation radio station. Broadcasts began on 1 st May, 1954. They also arranged for the distribution of posters and pamphlets. Over 200 articles based on information provided by the CIA were placed in newspapers and magazines by the United States Information Agency.
The Voice of Liberation reported massive defections from Arbenz’s army. According to David Atlee Phillips the radio station “broadcast that two columns of rebel soldiers were converging on Guatemala City. In fact, Castillo Armas and his makeshift army were still encamped six miles inside the border, far from the capital.” As Phillips later admitted, the “highways were crowded, but with frightened citizens fleeing Guatemala City and not with soldiers approaching it.”
As E. Howard Hunt pointed out, “our powerful transmitter overrode the Guatemalan national radio, broadcasting messages to confuse and divide the population from its military overlords.” There was no popular uprising. On 20 th June, the CIA reported to Dwight Eisenhower that Castillo Armas had not been able to take his assigned objective, Zacapa. His seaborne force had also failed to capture Puerto Barrios.
According to John Prados, it all now depended on “Whiting Willauer’s rebel air force”. However, that was not going to plan and on 27th June, Winston Churchill, the British prime minister berated Eisenhower when a CIA plane sank a British merchant vessel heading for Guatemala. The bombing had been ordered by Rip Robertson without first gaining permission from the CIA or Eisenhower. Robertson had been convinced that the Springfjord was a “Czech arms carrying freighter”. In reality it had been carrying only coffee and cotton. Frank Wisner had to make a personal apology for the incident and the CIA later quietly reimbursed Lloyd’s of London, insurers of the Springfjord , the $1.5 million they had paid out on the ship.
Arbenz had been convinced by the Voice of Liberation reports that his army was deserting. Richard Bissell believes that this is when Arbenz made his main mistake. Jacobo Arbenz decided to distribute weapons to the “people’s organizations and the political parties”. As Bissell later explained: “The conservative men who constituted the leadership of Guatemala’s army viewed this action as the final unacceptable leftward lurch, and they told Arbenz they would no longer support him. He resigned and fled to Mexico.”President Harry Truman became highly suspicious of Corcoran's activities and he arranged for FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to place a tap on his phone. Despite his shady business dealings he was never convicted of a criminal offence.
Thomas Corcoran died on 7th December, 1981.
Assassination of John F. Kennedy Encyclopedia








Primary Sources


(1) Robert Dallek, Lone Star Rising: Lyndon Johnson and His Times (1991)

By the middle of 1937, FDR, worried that deficit spending was leading to high inflation, believed that the government needed to curb its outlays. Ickes, who had jurisdiction over the PWA, feared that money allocated to Texas dams would line the pockets of builders overcharging the government. In the summer of 1937, however, Johnson persuaded the White House to commit another $5 million to the Marshall Ford Dam, a third of the additional $15.5 million promised in 1935. The prospect of throwing some 2000 men out of work and of halting construction on a project that would ultimately save Texas millions of dollars in flood damages played a large part in the decision. Unless the Marshall Ford construction was continued, an LCRA memo warned, 80 percent of the 2500 men on the job would be fired, and floods, like one in June 1935 costing over $10 million, would continue to plague south-central Texas. On July 21, in a ceremony at the White House, James Roosevelt, the President's son and secretary, handed Johnson, who was accompanied by Wirtz and members of the LCRA Board, the President's order granting the $5 million. Joking with the delegation, Jimmy Roosevelt said that Johnson "had kept him busy so much of the time on the Texas project," that he "`will have to catch up on his sleep' now." "`The president is happy to do this for your congressman,' " Jimmy added. In response to repeated prodding by Johnson, the Administration provided another $14 million over the next four years to complete the network of Texas dams. The expenditure paid handsome dividends in lower unemployment, flood prevention, and more abundant and cheaper electric power.
The dam-building also served Lyndon's political interests and the well-being of Brown & Root, a construction company in Austin controlled by George and Herman Brown. With Lyndon's help they won government contracts that turned a small road-building firm into a multi-million dollar business. Their success gave Lyndon a financial angel that could help secure his political future. As Tommy Corcoran put it later, "A young guy might be as wise as Solomon, as winning as Will Rogers and as popular as Santa Claus, but if he didn't have a firm financial base his opponents could squeeze him. When Roosevelt told me to take care of the boy," Corcoran added, "that meant to watch out for his financial backers too. In Lyndon's case there was just this little road building firm, Brown and Root, run by a pair of Germans."



(2) Robert A. Caro, Lyndon Johnson: Master of the Senate (2002) 

Jenkins wrote Warren Woodward on January 11, "Ed Clark tells me that he has received some assistance from H. E. Butt. I wonder if you could go by and pick it up and put it with the other (we) put away before I left Texas Clark says that Brown's money was for the presidential run for which Johnson was gearing up that January, and that Butt's was for Johnson to contribute to the campaigns of other senators, but that often he and the other men providing Johnson with funds weren't even sure which of these two purposes the funding were for. "How could you know?" Ed Clark was to say. "If Johnson wanted to give some senator money for some campaign, Johnson would pass the word to give money to me or Jesse Kellam or Cliff Carter, and it would find its way into Johnson's hands. And it would be the same if he wanted money for his own campaign. And a lot of the money that was given to Johnson both for other candidates and for himself was in cash." "All we knew was that Lyndon asked for it, and we gave it," Tommy Corcoran was to say.
This atmosphere would pervade Lyndon Johnson's fundraising all during his years in the Senate. He would "pass the word" - often by telephoning, sometimes by having Jenkins telephone - to Brown or dark or Connally, and the cash would be collected down in Texas and flown to Washington, or, a Johnson was in Austin, would be delivered to him there. When word was received that some was available, John Connally recalls, he would board a plane in Fort Worth or Dallas, and "I'd go get it. Or Walter would get it. Woody would go get it. We had a lot of people who would go get it, and deliver it. The idea that Walter or Woody or Wilton Woods would skim some is ridiculous. We had couriers." Or, dark says, "If George or me were going up anyway, we'd take it ourselves." And Tommy Corcoran was often bringing Johnson cash from New York unions, mostly as contributions to liberal senators whom the unions wanted to support. Asked how he knew that the money "found its way" into Johnson's hands, Clark laughed and said, "Because sometimes I gave it to him. It would be in an envelope." Both Clark and Wild said that Johnson wanted the contributions given, outside the office, to either Jenkins or Bobby Baker, or to another Johnson aide. Cliff Carter, but neither Wild nor Clark trusted either Baker or Carter.



(3) Jake Esterline was interviewed by Jack Pfeiffer on 10th November, 1975.

Jack Pfeiffer: I have a question, and it is what was Pawley's relation to this whole operation... and your relation with Pawley seems to have been quite close, too.
Jake Esterline: I think it was a hangover relationship from the things that Bill Pawley had done as quite a wheel with a number of very senior people during the Guatemalan operation ... that they felt that Bill, who had been very closely tied into Cuba ... that he was a very prominent man in Florida... that there were a lot of things that he might be able to do, in the sense of getting things lined up in Florida for us... and also his ties with Nixon and with other republican politicos. I used to deal with him quite a bit before.... From my point of view, we never let Bill Pawley know any of the intimacies about our operations, or what we were doing. He never knew where our bases were, or things of that sort. He never knew anything specific about our operations, but he was doing an awful lot of things on his own with the exiles. Some of the people that he had known in Cuba, in the sugar business, etc. I guess he actually was instrumental in running boats and things in and out of Cuba, getting people out and what not, and a variety of things that were not connected with us in any way. He was a political factor from the standpoint from J.C.'s standpoint. I don't know whether Tommy Corcoran entered in at this point... I think Tommy Corcoran was strictly in Guatemala. I guess Corcoran didn't come into this thing, at least not very much.
Jack Pfeiffer: His name turns up once or twice.
Jake Esterline: Yes, I met him once, in connection with Cuba, but I don't remember who... for J.C King, but I don't remember why, at this point. It wasn't anything of any significance. My feeling with Pawley... he was such a hawk, and he was every second week... he wanted to kill somebody inside... . It was from my standpoint - we were trying to keep him from doing things to cause problems for us. This was almost a standing operation.
Jack Pfeiffer: This is what I was wondering, because Tracy Barnes, I know on a number of occasions, seemed to make it quite clear that what the Agency had to be careful of was getting hung with a reactionary label, and then at the same time that was going on, here is all of this conversation back and forth with Pawley and his visits...
Jake Esterline: Really to keep him from doing something to upset the applecart from our standpoint. In that sense, I did fill that role in part for a long time; and the net result of the thing is that Bill thinks I am a dangerous leftist today. If I hadn't been a foot dragger, or hadn't taken all these dissenting opinions of this, things in Cuba would have been a lot better.
Jack Pfeiffer: Was Pawley actually involved in the covert operation in Guatemala?
Jake Esterline: Yes, he, well I am sure he was, in a...
Jack Pfeiffer: I mean, with you as far as you...
Jake Esterline: Not I personally, but he was involved with State Department. I said Rubottom a couple of times, I didn't mean Rubottom, I meant Rusk. He was involved - especially in Guatemala with Rubottom or whoever Secretary of State was, and Seville Sacassaa and Somoza and whoever Secretary of Defense was in getting the planes from the Defense Dept., having them painted over, the decals painted over and flown to Nicaragua where they became the Defense force for that operation.
Jack Pfeiffer: I ran across some comment that he had made to Livingston Merchant.
Jake Esterline: They were good friends, and knew each other. But to my knowledge, he never had any involvement like that during the Bay of Pigs days, although you'd have to ask Ted Shackley about what they did later, because I think he ran some things into Cuba for Ted Shackley.
Jack Pfeiffer: That is beyond my period of interest. He was involved in a great amount of fund raising activity, in the New York area apparently - pushing or raising funds in the New York area - wasn't Droller involved in this too? What was your relation with Droller... were you directing Droller's activities, or was Dave Phillips running Droller...
Jake Esterline: Oh, I sort of ran Droller, except I never knew what Tracy Barnes was going to do next, when I turned my back. Droller was such.an ambitious fellow trying to run in... trying to run circles around everybody for his own aggrandizement that you never knew... but Droller would never have had any continuing contact with Pawley, because they had met only once, and I recall Pawley saying that he never wanted to talk to that "you know what" again. He was very unhappy that somebody like Gerry... he just didn't like Gerry's looks, he didn't like his accent. He was very unfair about Gerry, and I don't mean to be unfair about Gerry - the only thing is that Gerry was insanely ambitious. He was his own worst enemy, that was all.... We just didn't think that Tracy really understood it that well, or if Tracy did, he coudn't articulate... he wouldn't articulate it that well. Tracy was one of the sweetest guys that ever lived, but he coudn't ever draw a straight line between two points....
Jack Pfeiffer: What about JFK?
Jake Esterline: JFK was an uninitiated fellow who had been in the wars, but he hadn't been exposed to any world politics or crises yet if he had something else as a warm up, he might have made different decisions than he made at that time. I think he was kind of a victim of the thing. I blame Nixon far more than I do Kennedy for the equivocations and the loss of time and what not that led to the ultimate disaster. Goodwin, I just thought was a sleazy; little self-seeker, who I didn't feel safe with any secret. His consorting with Che Guevara in Montevideo had rather upset me at the time...
Jack Pfeiffer: How about McNamara did you get involved with him at all?
Jake Esterline: No.
Jack Pfeiffer: Bobby Kennedy?
Jake Esterline: I wouldn't even tell you off tape. I didn't like him. He's dead, God rest his soul.



(4) Ray S. Cline, Secrets, Spies and Scholars: Blueprint of the Essential CIA (1976)

Thomas G. (Tommy) Corcoran, Washington's durable political lawyer and an early New Deal "brain-truster" from Harvard Law School, says that his greatest contribution to government in his long career was helping infiltrate smart young Harvard Law School products into every agency of government. He felt the United States needed to develop a highly educated, highly motivated public service corps that had not existed before Roosevelt's time. Donovan did much the same for career experts in international affairs by collecting in one place a galaxy of experience and ability the likes of which even the State Department had never seen. Many of these later drifted away, but a core remained to create a tradition and eventually to take key jobs in a mature intelligence system of the kind the United States required for coping with twentieth century problems.



(5) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

Corcoran, ever the loyal soldier to Roosevelt, agreed to help and visited his old friends in the Senate, including Senators Burton Wheeler of Montana, Worth Clark of Montana, and Robert La Follette of Wisconsin. A few weeks later Corcoran reported to the president that while these men were opposed to involvement in Europe, he did not believe that a modest aid program to China would cause them serious concern.
After evaluating Corcoran's optimistic assessment, Roosevelt conveyed to him, again through Lauchlin Currie, that he wanted to establish a private corporation to provide assistance to the Chinese. Corcoran thought the president's idea was ingenious, and later wrote that "if we'd tried to set up a government corporation per se, or do the work out of a Federal office, there would have been devil to pay on the Hill." Instead, Corcoran set up a civilian corporation, which he chartered in Delaware and, at the suggestion of the president, named China Defense Supplies. It would be, as Corcoran later recalled, "the entire lend lease operation" for Asia.
In order to provide the company with the stamp of respectability, Roosevelt arranged for his elderly uncle, Frederick Delano, who'd spent a lifetime in the China trade, to be co-chairman. The other chairman was T. V. Soong, Chiang's personal representative who frequently visited Washington to lobby for aid to his government. Soong, a Harvard graduate, was also Chiang's finance minister, as well as his banker and his brother-in-law. And he was a close friend of David Corcoran, whom he had met when the younger Corcoran was working in the Far East.
After getting the green light to proceed with the establishment of China Defense Supplies, Corcoran hired a staff to run the company. With Delano and Soong as the chairmen, Corcoran went about appointing a politically savvy management team. First, he asked his brother David to take a leave of absence from Sterling to become president. Although David Corcoran was an extremely competent manager, Sterling was then under investigation by the Department of Justice, and David's appointment could be cynically viewed as an attempt by Tommy to protect his brother from the investigation by shielding him with a quasi-government role. Next he appointed a bright young lawyer named Bill Youngman as general counsel. Youngman had previously clerked for Judge Learned Hand, and after Ben Cohen recommended him, he landed a job as general counsel at the Federal Power Commission. To direct the program from China, Corcoran chose Whitey Willauer, who had been his brother Howard's roommate at Exeter, Princeton, and Harvard Law School. Corcoran had previously helped Willauer get a job at the Federal Aviation Administration and he knew Willauer was "crazy about China." After helping to establish and run China Defense Supplies, Willauer moved over to the Foreign Economic Administration, where he supervised both Lend-Lease to China and purchases from China. Lastly, Corcoran arranged for the Marine Corps to detail Quinn Shaughnessy, who, like Corcoran, was a graduate of Harvard Law School. Shaughnessy was given the task of locating and acquiring goods, supplies, and weapons For the Chinese. Corcoran took no title himself other than outside counsel for China Defense Supplies. He paid himself five thousand dollars to set up the company, but didn't want his affiliation with it to interfere with his incipient lobbying practice.



(6) William E. Leuchtenburg, Franklin D. Roosevelt and the New Deal (1963)

The shy, modest Cohen, a Jew from Muncie, Indiana, was a former Brandeis law clerk who had developed into a brilliant legislative draftsman. Corcoran, an Irishman from a Rhode Island mill town, had gone from Harvard Law School to Washington in 1926 to serve as secretary to Mr. Justice Holmes; Holmes found him "quite noisy, quite satisfactory, and quite noisy." Roosevelt had discovered Corcoran and Cohen, who had teamed up to draft Wall Street regulatory legislation, to be remarkably resourceful in resolving knotty governmental problems, and by the spring of 1935 "the boys," as Frankfurter called them, were playing key roles in the New Deal."
Corcoran was a new political type: the expert who not only drafted legislation but maneuvered it through the treacherous corridors of Capitol Hill. Two Washington reporters wrote of him: "He could play the accordion, sing any song you cared to mention, read Aeschylus in the original, quote Dante and Montaigne by the yard, tell an excellent story, write a great bill like the Securities Exchange Act, prepare a presidential speech, tread the labyrinthine maze of palace politics or chart the future course of a democracy with equal ease." He lived with Cohen and five other New Dealers in a house on R Street; as early as the spring of 1934, G.O.P. congressmen were learning to ignore the sponsors of New Deal legislation and level their attacks at "the scarlet-fever boys from the little red house in Georgetown."
In the first two years of the New Deal, the Brandeisians chafed as the NRA advocates sat at the President's right hand. They rejoiced only in the TVA, since it both checked monopoly and accentuated decentralization, and in the regulation of securities issues and the stock market, which marked the success of Brandeis' earlier crusade against the money power. Not until 1935 did the Brandeisians make their way. That year saw the triumph of the decentralizers in the fight over the social security bill, and the enhanced power in TVA of Frankfurter's follower, David Lilienthal. Brandeis himself had a direct hand
 in the most important victory of all: the invalidation of the NRA.



(7) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

Corcoran had only been out of the government for a short time, but he was "running" the Asian Lend-Lease program and working to defend against both the Justice Department inquiry and a potential congressional investigation into Sterling Pharmaceutical. Corcoran assembled a defense team led by John Cahill, his former classmate at Harvard Law School and an associate of his at Cotton and Franklin. Cahill was the U.S. attorney in New York and, not coincidentally, had been working with Thurman Arnold, the assistant attorney general for antitrust matters, supervising the Department of justice's inquiry into Sterling. At Corcoran's urging, Cahill resigned his post on February 10, 1941, to enter private practice. There were no laws prohibiting him from representing a client in a case on which he had been working, and notwithstanding a clear conflict of interest, Cahill immediately began representing Sterling Pharmaceutical.
Now that he had help on the Sterling case, Corcoran began to take on new business. His first major client was Henry J. Kaiser, a West Coast businessman who had made a fortune from government contracts, primarily in helping build the Boulder and Shasta Dams. Corcoran had first met Kaiser when Corcoran was an attorney at the RFC and he, Harold Ickes, and David Lilienthal established the Bonneville Power Administration. Now as the country prepared for war, Kaiser recognized that the government's procurement program offered many exceptional business opportunities. Kaiser needed to know the people in Washington who were making the decisions, and he called on Tommy Corcoran for assistance.
Corcoran was able to open doors for Kaiser all over town. At the White House, Corcoran introduced him to several people, including Lauchlin Currie. At the Federal Reserve, Corcoran arranged a meeting with the chairman, Marriner Eccles, who had been introduced to Kaiser several years earlier when Eccles was a construction magnate in Utah. Corcoran later boasted that through his contacts at the Interior Department he denied the Bonneville Power Administration to Alcoa, the giant aluminum company, and helped secure it for Kaiser.
Corcoran also helped at the War Department, where he introduced Kaiser to William Knudsen, the former chief executive of General Motors who had been appointed at the end of 1940 to command the Office of Production Management to coordinate defense preparations. Over the course of the next few years, Kaiser arranged for $645 million in building contracts at his ten shipyards, eight of which were located on the West Coast. He netted a profit on each ship of between $60,000 to $110,000 and made millions with his assembly methods. He pioneered group medicine at his companies, creating what eventually became Kaiser Permanente, a precursor to today's health maintenance organizations.



(8) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

In late 1941 Johnson approached E. G. Kingsbery, an ultraconservative Austin businessman who owned a half interest in KTBC. Kingsbery had opposed Johnson's candidacy, but after the congressman helped Kingsbery's son gain admission to the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, the businessman was indebted to him. Johnson told Kingsbery, "I'm not a newspaperman, not a lawyer, and I might get beat sometime. I did have a second-class teacher's certificate, but it's expired, and I want to get into some business." Impressed by Johnson's energy and initiative, Kingsbery told Johnson that he wanted to pay his "obligation" to him and simply gave him his half-interest option.
The option to buy the other half was owned by the Wesley West family, who had extensive holdings in the oil industry and owned the Austin Daily Tribune, a conservative daily. Just a day or two before Christmas, Johnson traveled to Plano County to work out a deal with Wesley West at his ranch. Johnson charmed the older man, who later recalled, "I didn't like Lyndon Johnson," but said after meeting him, "He's a pretty good fellow. I believe I'll sell it to him."
With the two half-interest options, Johnson had only one more obstacle to overcome in his purchase of the station - approval from the Federal Communications Commission. To help navigate the process, Johnson called Tommy Corcoran.
When Corcoran left government and had been looking for clients, Johnson made sure that he was placed on retainer by the Houston contracting firm of Brown and Root, owned by George and Herman Brown, who had financed Lyndon's previous campaigns. Corcoran had been paid as much as fifteen thousand dollars for "advice, conferences and negotiations" related to shipbuilding contracts. Now it was Johnson looking to Corcoran to help him with a business proposition. Corcoran did not disappoint. As Corcoran later told Johnson's biographer, Robert Caro, "I helped out all up and down the line."
Corcoran had an important contact at the FCC: James Fly, the chairman of the commission, had been his classmate at Harvard Law School and owed his appointment in good measure to Corcoran. Justice Frank Murphy later told Felix Frankfurter that he had helped get Fly the position as a favor to Tommy Corcoran. According to Murphy, "[It] was at Tom's request that I gave the former Chairman a ten thousand dollar a year job so as to create a vacancy into which Fly was placed."



(9) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

As planning for the U.S. plot progressed, Corcoran and other top officials at United Fruit became anxious about identifying a future leader who would establish favorable relations between the government and the company. Secretary of State Dulles moved to add a"civilian" adviser to the State Department team to help expedite Operation Success. Dulles chose a friend of Corcoran's, William Pawley, a Miami-based millionaire who, along with Corcoran, Chennault, and Willauer, had helped set up the Flying Tigers in the early r94os and then helped several years later to transform it into the CIA's airline, Civil Air Transport. Besides his association with Corcoran, Pawley's most important qualification for the job was that he had a long history of association with right-wing Latin American dictators.
CIA director Dulles had grown disillusioned with J. C. King and asked Colonel Albert Haney, the CIA station chief in Korea, to be the U.S. field commander for the operation. Haney enthusiastically accepted, although he was apparently unaware of the role that the United Fruit Company had played in his selection. Haney had been a colleague of King's, and though King was no longer directing the operation, he remained a member of the agency planning team. He suggested that Haney meet with Tom Corcoran to see about arming the insurgency force with the weapons that had been mothballed in a New York warehouse after the failed Operation Fortune. When the supremely confident Haney said he didn't need any help from a Washington lawyer, King rebuked him, "If you think you can run this operation without United Fruit, you're crazy!"
The close working relationship between the CIA and United Fruit was perhaps best epitomized by Allen Dulles's encouragement to the company to help select an expedition commander for the planned invasion. After the CIA's first choice was vetoed by the State Department, United Fruit proposed Corcova Cerna, a Guatemalan lawyer and coffee grower. Cerna had long worked for the company as a paid legal adviser, and even though Corcoran referred to him as "a liberal," he believed that Cerna would not interfere with the company's land holdings and operations. After Cerna was hospitalized with throat cancer, a third candidate, Colonel Carlos Castillo Armas, emerged as the compromise choice.
According to United Fruit's Thomas McCann, when the Central Intelligence Agency finally launched Operation Success in late June 1954, "United Fruit was involved at every level." From neighboring Honduras, Ambassador Willauer, Corcoran's former business partner, directed bombing raids on Guatemala City. McCann was told that the CIA even shipped down the weapons used in the uprising "in United Fruit boats."
On June 27, 1954, Colonel Armas Ousted the Arbenz government and ordered the arrest of all communist leaders in Guatemala. While the coup was successful, a dark chapter was opened in American support for right wing military dictators in Central America.



(10) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

In February 1960 the New York Times reported that while Senator Johnson "stubbornly contends that he has no plans, or expectations of becoming a candidate, several aides, including Corcoran, were working for him behind the scenes." The article quoted Corcoran as suggesting that he was used for "the testing of new ideas."
Three months earlier Corcoran's good friend, the seventy-eight-year old Speaker of the House, Sam Rayburn, had returned to his home state of Texas to announce the formation of an "unofficial Johnson for President campaign." Rayburn's announcement followed that of Senator John F. Kennedy, who had declared his candidacy for the presidency in the Senate caucus room a month earlier, and Senator Hubert Humphrey, who had tossed his hat into the ring at the beginning of the new year. Sensing that he had a greater name recognition than any of the declared candidates, and desperately seeking vindication after two stinging previous defeats, Adali Stevenson allowed others to present his case. Senator Stuart Symington had decided to wait in the wings, hoping that in a deadlocked convention he would become the consensus alternative.
Corcoran was one of a number of prominent New Dealer-era luminaries, including Eliot Janeway, Dean Acheson, and William O. Douglas, who were supporting Lyndon Johnson. Presidential chronicler Theodore White later called the group "a loose and highly ineffective coalition," which was not entirely fair since it did manage to raise nearly $150,000 for Johnson's undeclared candidacy. LBJ himself decided not to campaign actively; as majority leader he believed he couldn't neglect his Senate duties to mount a full-scale campaign.



(11) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

In late 1964, however, Corcoran was preoccupied with a political scandal. Only weeks after Johnson was sworn in as president, Bobby Baker got into trouble for fraud and tax evasion. Baker had been LBJ's closest aide and most important adviser in the Senate. He and Corcoran had known each other for many years, and although never close friends, their mutual respect for Lyndon Johnson and the fact that they were both political operators meant that they saw one another often.
Tommy had actually helped Baker buy his house in the affluent section of Washington known as Spring Valley. Corcoran had learned that Baker and his wife, who was expecting their third child, were looking for a larger home. At the time, Tommy was representing Tenneco, and he knew that a house under construction - originally intended for one of the company's vice presidents, who had been recalled to Texas - was slated to go on the market for $175,000. Baker was encouraged to put in a bid of $125,000, which was accepted. Although Baker never recalled doing any special favor for Corcoran in return, Tommy always knew that he was owed one.
In January 1964 Baker was indicted by the U.S. attorney in Washington for tax evasion. The former Capitol Hill aide sought out John Lane, whom he had known in the Senate and who by now had established a small but highly regarded law practice. Lane did not have a white-collar defense practice, but he knew that Tommy Corcoran's brother, Howard, practiced in New York with Boris Kostelanitz, a respected attorney who had handled several criminal tax cases. Lane and Baker went to see Corcoran in his office. As they sat and talked on Corcoran's leather couch, Corcoran's secretary came in and told Baker that Attorney General Robert Kennedy was on the telephone. Kennedy wanted to assure Baker that he had not personally ordered the case against him and that his knowledge of the case came only from newspaper clippings.
Baker retained Kostelanitz to defend him on the charges of tax evasion and retained Edward Bennett Williams, the renowned criminal lawyer, as his counsel. The case was assigned to judge Oliver Gasch of the district court after several judges reportedly rejected it because they personally knew Baker. Ironically, Gasch, a close friend of Howard Corcoran's, owed his appointment to Tommy Corcoran. But much to Baker's chagrin, Corcoran didn't intercede on his behalf, probably because Lyndon Johnson never asked him. The president, according to one lawyer close to the case, "didn't want to touch Baker with a ten foot pole."



















Spartacus eBooks



Related ReadingPeddling Influence













Tommy Corcoran




















Spartacus Educational






















Tommy Corcoran


Thomas Corcoran, the son of a lawyer, was born in Rhode Island on 29th December, 1899. He was educated at Brown University and Harvard Law School. Corcoran's most important influence at university was Professor Felix Frankfurter. He wrote that Corcoran was "struggling very hard with the burden of inferiority imposed on him because of his Irish Catholicism". Frankfurter was impressed with Corcoran's progress and introduced him to his close friend, Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes. After graduating in 1926 he was invited by Holmes to become his legal clerk.
In 1927 Corcoran joined the law firm established by William McAdoo. At the time it was run by George Franklin and Joseph Cotton. In 1932 Eugene Meyer, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, was looking for a general counsel for the newly established Reconstruction Finance Corporation. After talks with Franklin he appointed Corcoran to this post. Meyer resigned in 1933 and was replaced by Jesse H. Jones.
After Franklin D. Roosevelt defeated Herbert Hoover he asked Felix Frankfurter to assemble a legal team to review the nation's securities laws. Frankfurter selected Corcoran, Benjamin Cohen and James Landis for the task. Corcoran, a member of the Democratic Party, readily accepted the post. Together they drafted the legislation that created the Securities and Exchange Commission.
William E. Leuchtenburg, the author of Franklin D. Roosevelt and the New Deal (1963), has pointed out: "Corcoran was a new political type: the expert who not only drafted legislation but maneuvered it through the treacherous corridors of Capitol Hill." Ray S. Cline added: "Corcoran... says that his greatest contribution to government in his long career was helping infiltrate smart young Harvard Law School products into every agency of government. He felt the United States needed to develop a highly educated, highly motivated public service corps that had not existed before Roosevelt's time."
The following year Corcoran was involved in drafting the Public Utilities Holding Company Act. On 1st July, 1935, Owen Brewster claimed that Corcoran threatened to stop construction on the Passamaquoddy Dam in his district unless he supported the Holding Company Bill. Congress immediately ordered the rules committee to investigate the matter. The Senate investigation, headed by Hugo Black, eventually cleared Corcoran of any wrongdoing. Corcoran wrote to a friend: "Storms make a sailor - if he survives them."
Thomas, Howard and David Corcoran
Roosevelt's personal secretary, Louis M. Howe, died of pneumonia on 24th June, 1936. According to Corcoran's biographer, David McKean (Peddling Influence), Corcoran now replaced Howe as Roosevelt's most "trusted adviser and personal companion". Some of Roosevelt's ministers complained about Corcoran's growing influence. Henry Morgenthau, the Secretary of the Treasury, claimed that Corcoran was a "crook". As well as drafting New Deal legislation, Roosevelt used Corcoran as his "special emissary to Capitol Hill". Elliott Roosevelt wrote that: "Apart from my father, Tom (Corcoran) was the single most influential individual in the country."
In 1937 Corcoran used this influence to make sure Sam Rayburn of Texas became Speaker of the House. This was a difficult task as James Farley was advocating that John O'Connor got the job. Corcoran's increasing power was indicated by the fact that Franklin D. Roosevelt brought an end to Farley's campaign. This was the beginning of a very close relationship that Corcoran enjoyed with Rayburn and the Texas oil industry.
Franklin D. Roosevelt began to have considerable problems with the Supreme Court. The chief justice, Charles Hughes, had been the Republican Party presidential candidate in 1916. Hughes, appointed by Herbert Hoover in 1930, led the court's opposition to some of the proposed New Deal legislation. This included the ruling against the National Recovery Administration (NRA), the Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA) and ten other New Deal laws.
On 2nd February, 1937, Franklin D. Roosevelt made a speech attacking the Supreme Court for its actions over New Deal legislation. He pointed out that seven of the nine judges (Charles Hughes, Willis Van Devanter, George Sutherland, Harlan Stone, Owen Roberts, Benjamin Cardozo and Pierce Butler) had been appointed by Republican presidents. Roosevelt had just won re-election by 10,000,000 votes and resented the fact that the justices could veto legislation that clearly had the support of the vast majority of the public.
Roosevelt suggested that the age was a major problem as six of the judges were over 70 (Charles Hughes, Willis Van Devanter, James McReynolds, Louis Brandeis, George Sutherland and Pierce Butler). Roosevelt announced that he was going to ask Congress to pass a bill enabling the president to expand the Supreme Court by adding one new judge, up to a maximum off six, for every current judge over the age of 70. Hughes realized that Roosevelt's Court Reorganization Bill would result in the court coming under the control of the Democratic Party. Behind the scenes Hughes was busy doing deals to make sure that Roosevelt's bill would be defeated in Congress.
Tommy Corcoran was giving the task by Roosevelt to persuade Congress to pass this proposed legislation. This included working closely with I. F. Stone of the New York Post. Stone, a strong opponent of the conservative Supreme Court, agreed to write speeches for Corcoran on this issue. These speeches were then passed on to Roosevelt supporters in Congress.
In the past Corcoran had relied heavily on the influence of his close friend, Burton Wheeler, chairman of the Judiciary Committee. However, Wheeler had now turned against Roosevelt. Wheeler even argued that Franklin D. Roosevelt had been behind the assassination of Huey Long. Corcoran continued to campaign for the Judicial Court Reorganization Bill but he failed to persuade enough to get it passed.
Even the most left-wing of all the justices, Louis Brandeis, opposed Roosevelt's attempt to "pack" the Supreme Court. Brandeis was also beginning to oppose some aspects of the New Deal that he believed "favored big business". However, members of the Supreme Court accepted they had to fall in line with public opinion. On 29th March, Owen Roberts announced that he had changed his mind about voting against minimum wage legislation. Hughes also reversed his opinion on the Social Security Act and the National Labour Relations Act (NLRA) and by a 5-4 vote they were now declared to be constitutional.
Then Willis Van Devanter, probably the most conservative of the justices, announced his intention to resign. He was replaced by Hugo Black, a member of the Democratic Party and a strong supporter of the New Deal. In July, 1937, Congress defeated the Court Reorganization Bill by 70-20. However, Roosevelt had the satisfaction of knowing he had a Supreme Court that was now less likely to block his legislation.
Corcoran later took credit for getting Hugo Black (1937), Felix Frankfurter (1939), William O. Douglas (1939) and Frank Murphy (1940) appointed to Supreme Court. He also played an important role in defending Black when it was discovered that he was a former member of the Ku Klux Klan. Corcoran later claimed he wrote Black's statement asking for forgiveness.
Time Magazine (September, 1938)
Corcoran also became involved in advising Franklin D. Roosevelt over foreign policy. Although he had liberal views on domestic issues, Corcoran was passionately anti-communist. This was partly because of his Roman Catholicism. Roosevelt initially favoured giving help to the Republican government in Spain. However, Corcoran was a supporter of the fascist movement led by General Francisco Franco.
As Drew Pearson and Jack Anderson pointed out in their book, The Case Against Congress: A Compelling Indictment of Corruption on Capitol Hill: “Long before Pope John and Pope Paul made it clear they were not in sympathy with the Catholic hierarchy of Spain, the reactionary wing of the Catholic Church in the United States had been conducting one of the most efficient lobbies ever to operate on Capital Hill. It was able to reverse completely American policy on Spain. During the Spanish Civil War, Thomas G. Corcoran, a member of the Roosevelt brain trust, worked effectively at the White House to keep an embargo on all U.S. arms to both sides.”
Corcoran knew that Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini would continue to provide both men and arms to Francisco Franco. Roosevelt's decision enabled fascism to win in Spain and become entrenched in Europe. Roosevelt later told his cabinet that he had made a "grave mistake" with respect to neutrality in the Spanish Civil War. Roosevelt was angry with Tommy Corcoran over his advice on Spain. He also began to see that Corcoran was becoming a problem for the administration. He had upset a lot of powerful figures in Congress with his arm twisting tactics. Corcoran had also tried to unseat those who attempted to resist Franklin D. Roosevelt. For example, Walter George of Georgia claimed that Corcoran had the "power of saying who shall be a senator and who shall not be a senator."
In June 1939, an article appeared in the Saturday Evening Post accused James Roosevelt of being a war profiteer. It was also claimed that the president's son helped Joseph Kennedy to obtain the ambassador to Great Britain. Corcoran, who was very close to James Roosevelt, got dragged into this scandal. It was not the first time that Corcoran had been accused of corrupt behaviour. Norman M. Littell, a high-ranking Justice Department official, told Anna Roosevelt that Corcoran had become a liability to her father: No quality is so essential in government as simple integrity and forthrightness. Ability and brilliance of mind are not enough."
Corcoran's fascist sympathies resulted in him becoming a firm advocate of isolationism. He told friends that Irish Americans liked him "remembered their parents' repression at the hands of the British". On one occasion, Harry Hopkins told Corcoran: "Tom you're too Catholic to trust the Russians and too Irish to trust the English."
Tommy Corcoran now found himself outside the inner circle. In 1940 he began telling friends that he was considering leaving government. He told Samuel Irving Rosenman: "I want to make a million dollars in one year, that's all. Then I'm coming back to the government for the rest of my life." Corcoran's plan was to become a political lobbyist on behalf of companies seeking to obtain government contracts. A large number of government officials had their jobs because of Corcoran. It was payback time.
One day in early October 1940, Franklin D. Roosevelt told Corcoran that he wanted him to resign from the administration. He wanted him to carry out a covert mission and it was "too politically dangerous" to do this while serving in his government.
Roosevelt believed that the best way of stopping Japanese imperialism in Asia was to arm the Chinese government of Chiang Kai-shek. However, Congress was opposed to this idea as it was feared that this help might trigger a war with Japan. Therefore, Roosevelt's plan was for Corcoran to establish a private corporation to provide assistance to the nationalist government in China. Roosevelt even supplied the name of the proposed company, China Defense Supplies. He also suggested that his uncle, Frederick Delano, should be co-chairman of the company. Chiang nominated his former finance minister, Tse-ven Soong, as the other co-chairman.
For reasons of secrecy, Corcoran took no title other than outside counsel for China Defense Supplies. William S. Youngman was his frontman in China. Corcoran's friend, Whitey Willauer, was moved to the Foreign Economic Administration, where he supervised the sending of supplies to China. In this way Corcoran was able to create an Asian Lend-Lease program.
Corcoran also worked closely with Claire Lee Chennault, who had been working as a military adviser to Chiang Kai-shek since 1937. Chennault told Corcoran that if he was given the resources, he could maintain an air force within China that could carry out raids against the Japanese. Corcoran returned to the United States and managed to persuade Franklin D. Roosevelt to approve the creation of the American Volunteer Group.
One hundred P-40 fighters, built by the Curtiss-Wright Corporation, intended for Britain, were redirected to Chennault in China. William Pawley was Curtiss-Wright's representative in Asia and he arranged for the P-40 to be assembled in Rangoon. It was Tommy Corcoran's son David who suggested that the American Volunteer Group should be called the Flying Tigers. Chennault liked the idea and asked his friend, Walt Disney, to design a tiger emblem for the planes.
On 13th April, 1941, Roosevelt signed a secret executive order authorizing the American Volunteer Group to recruit reserve officers from the army, navy and marines. Pawley suggested that the men should be recruited as "flying instructors".
In July, 1941, ten pilots and 150 mechanics were supplied with fake passports and sailed from San Francisco for Rangoon. When they arrived they were told that they were really involved in a secret war against Japan. To compensate for the risks involved, the pilots were to be paid $600 a month ($675 for a patrol leader). In addition, they were to receive $500 for every enemy plane they shot down.
The Flying Tigers were extremely effective in their raids on Japanese positions and helped to slow down attempts to close the Burma Road, a key supply route to China. In seven months of fighting, the Flying Tigers destroyed 296 planes at a loss of 24 men (14 while flying and 10 on the ground).
Tommy Corcoran had originally been an isolationist. However, he now knew that he could make a fortune out of the arms trade. His first major client was Henry J. Kaiser, a successful businessman from California. Corcoran had helped Kaiser obtain lucrative government contracts while working for the Reconstruction Finance Corporation.
Kaiser paid Corcoran a retainer of $25,000 a year. Corcoran then introduced Kaiser to William S. Knudsen, head of the Office of Production Management. Over the next few years Kaiser obtained $645 million in building contracts at his ten shipyards. Kaiser's two main business partners were Stephen D. Bechtel and John A. McCone. Kaiser had worked with Bechtel in the 1930s to build many of the major roads throughout California.
In 1937 McCone became president of Bechtel-McCone. On the outbreak of the Second World War McCone joined forces with Kaiser and Bechtel to establish the California Shipbuilding Company. With the help of Corcoran, the company obtained large government contracts to build ships. In 1946 it was reported that the company had made $44 million in wartime profits.
Corcoran was also informed that a great deal of magnesium would be needed for building aircraft. With the help of Jesse H. Jones, the boss of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Kaiser was granted a loan to build a magnesium production plant in San Jose, California. After the RFC loan was secured, Corcoran sent Kaiser a bill requesting $135,000 in cash and a 15% stake in the magnesium production business.
Another important client was the Houston contracting firm of Brown & Root, owned by George R. Brown and Herman Brown. These brothers had been the major financiers of the political campaigns of Lyndon B. Johnson. Corcoran arranged for the two men to meet William S. Knudsen. Records show that Corcoran was paid $15,000 for "advice, conferences and negotiations" related to shipbuilding contracts.
In 1942 the Brown brothers established the Brown Shipbuilding Company on the Houston Ship Channel. Over the next three years the company built 359 ships and employed 25,000 people. This brought in revenue of $27,000,000. The government shipbuilding contract was eventually worth $357,000,000. Yet until they got the contract, Brown & Root had never built a single ship of any type.
Corcoran's work with China Defense Supplies caused some disquiet in Roosevelt's administration. Henry Morgenthau was a prominent critic. He argued that in effect, Corcoran was running an off-the-books operation in which a private company was diverting some of the war material destined for China to a private army, the American Volunteer Group.
Resistance also came from General George Marshall and General Joseph Stilwell, the American commander in Asia. Marshall and Stilwell both believed that Chiang Kai-shek was completely corrupt and needed to be forced into introducing reforms. Stilwell complained about Corcoran's ability to present Chiang in the best possible light with Roosevelt. Stilwell wrote to Marshall that the "continued publication of Chungking propaganda in the United States is an increasing handicap to my work." He added, "we can pull them out of this cesspool, but continued concessions have made the Generalissimo believe he has only to insist and we will yield."
Corcoran was also coming under pressure from the work he was doing for Sterling Pharmaceutical. His brother, David worked for the company and was responsible for getting Corcoran the contract. However, it was revealed in 1940 that Sterling Pharmaceutical had strong links with I. G. Farben. The FBI discovered that Sterling had conspired with Farben to control the sale of aspirin. In other words, had formed an aspirin cartel. According to one FBI report, Sterling were employing Nazi sympathizers in its offices in Latin America. Rumours began to circulate that Burton Wheeler would announce that he was appointing a subcommittee to investigate the relations between American and German firms.
Assistant Attorney General Thurman Arnold announced he was ready to prosecute any American company aiding and abetting a German company in any part of the world. On 10th April, 1941, the Department of Justice issued subpoenas to Sterling Pharmaceutical. Soon afterwards newspapers began to run negative stories about the company. One claimed that Sterling was helping the Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels fulfill his pledge that "Americans would help Hitler win the Americas."
On 2nd June, 1941, Roosevelt appointed Francis B. Biddle as his new Attorney General. Biddle was a close friend of Corcoran's. The day after his appointment, Biddle accepted a settlement offer from Sterling in which the company would pay a fine of five thousand dollars. Later, it was agreed that Sterling would abrogate all contracts with I. G. Farben.
In Congress there was speeches made calling for an investigation into the role played by Corcoran in protecting the interests of Sterling Pharmaceutical. Senator Lawrence Smith argued: "It is common gossip in government circles that the long arm of Tommy Corcoran reaches into many agencies; that he has placed many men in important positions and they in turn are amenable to his influences."
Corcoran had also developed a close relationship with Lyndon B. Johnson. On 4th April, 1941, Texas senator, Morris Sheppard died. Corcoran agreed to help Johnson in his campaign to replace Sheppard. This included helping Johnson obtain approval of a rural electrification project from the Rural Electrification Administration. Corcoran also arranged to Franklin D. Roosevelt to make a speech on the eve of the polls criticizing Johnson's opponent, Wilbert Lee O'Daniel. Despite the efforts of Corcoran, O'Daniel defeated Johnson by 1,311 votes.
On the suggestion of Alvin J. Wirtz, Johnson decided to acquire KTBC, a radio station in Austin. E. G. Kingsberry and Wesley West, agreed to sell KTBC to Johnson (officially it was purchased by his wife, Lady Bird Johnson). However, it needed the approval of the Federal Communications Commission (FCR). Johnson asked Corcoran for help with this matter. This was not very difficult as the chairman of the FCR, James Fly, was appointed by Frank Murphy as a favour for Corcoran. The FCC eventually approved the deal and Johnson was able to use KTBC to amass a fortune of more than $25 million.
Rumours continued to circulate about Corcoran's illegal activities. Harry S. Truman accused Todd Shipyards of hiring Corcoran to help win government contracts. In September, 1941, the New York Times reported that Corcoran was responsible for obtaining favourable treatment in the settlement of the Justice Department case brought against Sterling Pharmaceutical. Another newspaper reported that Vice President Henry Wallace "disapproves of the way Mr. Corcoran has capitalized on the government associations to promote his lucrative 'law' practice."
On 16th December, 1941, Corcoran appeared before the Senate Defense Investigation Committee. He admitted that business had been exceedingly good since he left Roosevelt's administration. Some members of the committee were convinced that Corcoran's activities revealed a need for more stringent lobbying restrictions. Senator Carl Hatch from New Mexico introduced a bill that would prohibit former government employees from working with government departments or agencies for two years after leaving government service. As David McKean points out in Peddling Influence, "the bill never made it out of the Judiciary Committee, presumably because Washington lobbyists persuaded their friends on the panel to kill it."
After the United States entered the war against Japan, Germany and Italy, President Franklin D. Roosevelt established the Office of Strategic Services (OSS). Roosevelt selected Colonel William Donovan as the first director of the organization, who had spent some time studying the Special Operations Executive (SOE), an organization set up by the British government in July 1940. The OSS had responsibility for collecting and analyzing information about countries at war with the United States.
The OSS gradually took over the activities that Corcoran had helped set up in China. In 1943 OSS agents based in China included Paul Helliwell, E. Howard Hunt, Mitch Werbell, Lucien Conein, John Singlaub and Ray Cline. According to an article in the Wall Street Journal, some OSS members in China were paid for their work with five-pound sacks of opium.
In a letter to the Senate Defense Investigation Committee in November, 1944, Norman M. Littell, assistant attorney general for the lands division, reported conversations between Tommy Corcoran and Francis Biddle that suggested that the two men had a corrupt relationship. Littell claimed that Biddle seemed to be following instructions from Corcoran. In the letter, Littell asked the committee: "What has Tommy Corcoran got on Biddle?"
Littell argued that during the investigation of the Sterling Pharmaceutical case, Biddle was "completely dominated by Tommy Corcoran". He added that this company was acting as "an agent of Nazi Germany" and that Biddle's decision to settle this case was "the lowest point in the history of the Department of Justice since the Harding administration".
This story was picked up by the national press and demands were made that the relationship between Biddle and Corcoran should be investigated. Sam Rayburn made sure that no committee held a hearing on this issue. Charles Van Devander reported in the Washington Post that: "Strong influence is being brought to bear to block an investigation by Congress into the affairs of the Department of Justice, including Attorney General Biddle's allegedly close relationship with lawyer lobbyist Tommy Corcoran."
One moth after the dropping the atom bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Tommy Corcoran joined with David Corcoran and William S. Youngman to create a Panamanian company, Rio Carthy, for the purpose of pursuing business ventures in Asia and South America. Soon afterwards, Claire Lee Chennault and Whiting Willauer approached Corcoran with the idea of creating a commercial airline in China to compete with CNAC and CATC. Corcoran agreed to use Rio Cathy as the legal vehicle for investing in the airline venture. Chiang Kai-shek agreed that his government would invest in the airline. Corcoran anticipated he would own 37% of the equity in the airline, but Chennault and Willauer gave a greater percentage to the Chinese government, and Corcoran's share dropped to 28%.
Civil Air Transport (CAT) was officially launched on 29th January, 1946. Corcoran approached his old friend Fiorella LaGuardia, the director general of the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA). He agreed to award a $4 million contract to deliver relief to China. This contract kept them going for the first year but as the civil war intensified, CAT had difficulty maintaining its routes.
The OSS had been disbanded in October 1945 and was replaced by the War Department's Strategic Service Unit (SSU). Paul Helliwell became chief of the Far East Division of the SSU. In 1947 the SSU was replaced by the Central Intelligence Agency.
CAT needed another major customer and on 6th July, 1947, Corcoran and Claire Lee Chennault had a meeting with Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, the new director of the CIA. Hillenkoetter arranged for Corcoran to meet Frank Wisner, the director of the Office of Policy Coordination. Wisner was in charge of the CIA's covert operations.
On 1st November, 1948, Corcoran signed a formal agreement with the CIA. The agreement committed the agency to provide up to $500,000 to finance an CAT airbase, and $200,000 to fly agency personnel and equipment in and out of the mainland, and to underwrite any shortfall that might result from any hazardous mission. Over the next few months CAT airlifted personnel and equipment from Chungking, Kweilin, Luchnow, Nanking, and Amoy.
In 1948, Lyndon B. Johnson decided to make a second run for the U.S. Senate. His main opponent in the Democratic primary (Texas was virtually a one party state and the most important elections were those that decided who would be the Democratic Party candidate) was Coke Stevenson. Johnson was criticized by Stevenson for supporting the Taft-Hartley Act. The American Federation of Labor was also angry with Johnson for supporting this legislation and at its June convention the AFL broke a 54 year tradition of neutrality and endorsed Stevenson.
Johnson asked Tommy Corcoran to work behind the scenes at convincing union leaders that he was more pro-labor than Stevenson. This he did and on 11th August, 1948, Corcoran told Harold Ickes that he had "a terrible time straightening out labor" in the Johnson campaign but he believed he had sorted the problem out.
On 2nd September, unofficial results had Stevenson winning by 362 votes. However, by the time the results became official, Johnson was declared the winner by 17 votes. Stevenson immediately claimed that he was a victim of election fraud. On 24th September, Judge T. Whitfield Davidson, invalidated the results of the election and set a trial date.
Johnson once again approached Corcoran to solve the problem. A meeting was held that was attended by Corcoran, Francis Biddle, Abe Fortas, Joe Rauh, Jim Rowe and Ben Cohen. It was decided to take the case directly to the Supreme Court. A motion was drafted and sent to Justice Hugo Black. On 28th September, Justice Black issued an order that put Johnson's name back on the ballot. Later, it was claimed by Rauh that Black made the decision following a meeting with Corcoran.
On 2nd November, 1948, Johnson easily defeated Jack Porter, his Republican Party candidate. Coke Stevenson now appealed to the subcommittee on elections and privileges of the Senate Rules and Administration Committee. Corcoran enjoyed a good relationship with Senator Styles Bridges of New Hampshire. He was able to work behind the scenes to make sure that the ruling did not go against Johnson. Corcoran later told Johnson that he would have to repay Bridges for what he had done for him regarding the election. The Johnson-Stevenson case was also investigated by J. Edgar Hoover and the FBI. Johnson was eventually cleared by Hoover of corruption and was allowed to take his seat in the Senate.
In 1949 Sam Zemurray asked Corcoran to join the United Fruit Company as a lobbyist and special counsel. Zemurray had problems with his business in Guatemala. In the 1930s Zemurray aligned United Fruit closely with the government of President Jorge Ubico. The company received import duty and real estate tax exemptions from Ubico. He also gave them hundreds of square miles of land. United Fruit controlled more land than any other individual or group. It also owned the railway, the electric utilities, telegraph, and the country's only port at Puerto Barrios on the Atlantic coast.
Ubico was overthrown in 1944 and following democratic elections, Juan Jose Arevalo became the new president. Arevalo, a university professor who had been living in exile, described himself as a "spiritual socialist". He implemented sweeping reforms by passing new laws that gave workers the right to form unions. This included the 40,000 Guatemalans who worked for United Fruit.
Zemurray feared that Arevalo would also nationalize the land owned by United Fruit in Guatemala. He asked Corcoran to express his fears to senior political figures in Washington. Corcoran began talks with key people in the government agencies and departments that shaped U.S. policy in Central America. He argued that the U.S. should use United Fruit as an American beachhead against communism in the region.
In January, 1950, Civil Air Transport (CAT) relocated its base of operations to the island of Formosa, where Chiang Kai-shek had established his new government. The following month, the Soviet Union and China signed a mutual defense pact. Two weeks later, President Harry S. Truman signed National Security Directive 64, which stated that “it is important to United states security interests that all practical measures be taken to prevent further communist expansion in Southeast Asia.”
The support of the government in Formosa was to become a key aspect of this policy. In February 1950, Frank Wisner began negotiating with Corcoran for the purchase of CAT. “In March, using a ‘cutout’ banker or middleman, the CIA paid CAT $350,000 to clear up arrearages, $400,000 for future operations, and a $1 million option on the business. The money was then divided among the airline’s owners, with Corcoran and Youngman receiving more than $100,000 for six years of legal fees, and Corcoran, Youngman, and David Corcoran dividing approximately $225,000 from the sale of the airline.” Paul Helliwell was put in charge of this operation. His deputy was Desmond FitzGerald. Helliwell's main job was to help Chiang Kai-shek to prepare for a future invasion of Communist China. The CIA created a pair of front companies to supply and finance the surviving forces of Chiang's KMT. Helliwell w as put in charge of this operation. This included establishing the Sea Supply Corporation, a shipping company in Bangkok.
The CIA now launched a secret war against China. An office under commercial cover called Western Enterprises was opened on Taiwan. Training and operational bases were established in Taiwan and other offshore islands. By 1951 Chiang Kai-shek claimed to have more than a million active guerrillas in China. However, according to John Prados, “ United States intelligence estimates at the time carried the more conservative figure of 600,000 or 650,000, only half of whom could be considered loyal to Taiwan.”
After the war Tommy Corcoran continued his work as a paid lobbyist for Sam Zemurray and the United Fruit Company. Zemurray became concerned that Captain Jacobo Arbenz, one of the heroes of the 1944 revolution, would be elected as the new president of Guatemala. In the spring of 1950, Corcoran went to see Thomas C. Mann, the director of the State Department’s Office of Inter-American Affairs. Corcoran asked Mann if he had any plans to prevent Arbenz from being elected. Mann replied: “That is for the people of that country to decide.”
Unhappy with this reply, Corcoran paid a call on the Allen Dulles, the deputy director of the CIA. Dulles, who represented United Fruit in the 1930s, was far more interested in Corcoran’s ideas. “During their meeting Dulles explained to Corcoran that while the CIA was sympathetic to United Fruit, he could not authorize any assistance without the support of the State Department. Dulles assured Corcoran, however, that whoever was elected as the next president of Guatemala would not be allowed to nationalize the operations of United Fruit.”
However, political groups continued to resort to violence and in 1949 Major Francisco Arana was murdered. The following year Arbenz defeated Manuel Ygidoras to become Guatemala's new president. Arbenz, who obtained 65% of the votes, took power on 15th March, 1951. Corcoran then recruited Robert La Follette to work for United Fruit. Corcoran arranged for La Follette to lobby liberal members of Congress. The message was that Arbenz was not a liberal but a dangerous left-wing radical.
This strategy was successful and Congress was duly alarmed when on 17 th June, 1952, Arbenz announced a new Agrarian Reform program . This included expropriating idle land on government and private estates and redistributed to peasants in lots of 8 to 33 acres. The Agrarian Reform program managed to give 1.5 million acres to around 100,000 families for which the government paid $8,345,545 in bonds. Among the expropriated landowners was Arbenz himself, who had become into a landowner with the dowry of his wealthy wife. Around 46 farms were given to groups of peasants who organized themselves in cooperatives.
In March 1953, 209,842 acres of United Fruit Company's uncultivated land was taken by the government which offered compensation of $525,000. The company wanted $16 million for the land. While the Guatemalan government valued $2.99 per acre, the American government valued it at $75 per acre. As David McKean has pointed out: This figure was “in line with the company’s own valuation of the property, at least for tax purposes”. However, the company wanted $16 million for the land. While the Guatemalan government valued it at $2.99 per acre, the company now valued it at $75 per acre.
Corcoran contacted President Anastasio Somoza and warned him that the Guatemalan revolution might spread to Nicaragua. Somoza now made representations to Harry S. Truman about what was happening in Guatemala. After discussions with Walter Bedell Smith, director of the CIA, a secret plan to overthrow Arbenz (Operation Fortune) was developed. Part of this plan involved Tommy Corcoran arranging for small arms and ammunition to be loaded on a United Fruit freighter and shipped to Guatemala, where the weapons would be distributed to dissidents. When the Secretary of State Dean Acheson discovered details of Operation Fortune, he had a meeting with Truman where he vigorously protested about the involvement of United Fruit and the CIA in the attempted overthrow of the democratically elected President Jacobo Arbenz. As a result of Acheson’s protests, Truman ordered the postponement of Operation Fortune.
Tommy Corcoran’s work was made easier by the election of Dwight Eisenhower in November, 1952. Eisenhower’s personal secretary was Anne Whitman, the wife of Edmund Whitman, United Fruit’s public relations director. Eisenhower appointed John Peurifoy as ambassador to Guatemala. He soon made it clear that he believed that the Arbenz government posed a threat to the America’s campaign against communism.
Corcoran also arranged for Whiting Willauer, his friend and partner in Civil Air Transport, to become U.S. ambassador to Honduras. As Willauer pointed out in a letter to Claire Lee Chennault, he worked day and night to arrange training sites and instructors plus air crews for the rebel air force, and to keep the Honduran government “in line so they would allow the revolutionary activity to continue.”
Eisenhower also replaced Dean Acheson with John Foster Dulles. His brother, Allen Dulles became director of the CIA. The Dulles brothers “had sat on the board of United Fruit’s partner in the banana monopoly, the Schroder Banking Corporation” whereas “U.N. Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge was a stockholder and had been a strong defender of United Fruit while a U.S. senator.”
Walter Bedell Smith was moved to the State Department. Smith told Corcoran he would do all he could to help in the overthrow of Arbenz. He added that he would like to work for United Fruit once he retired from government office. This request was granted and Bedell Smith was later to become a director of United Fruit. According to John Prados, the author of The Presidents' Secret War, Corcoran’s meeting with “Undersecretary of State Walter Bedell Smith that summer and that conversation is recalled by CIA officers as the clear starting point of that plan.” Evan Thomas, the author of The Very Best Me; Daring Early Years of the CIA (2007) has added that: “With his usual energy and skill, Corcoran beseeched the U. S. government to overthrow Arbenz”.
The new CIA plan to overthrow Jacobo Arbenz was called “Operation Success”. Allen Dulles became the executive agent and arranged for Tracey Barnes and Richard Bissell to plan and execute the operation. Bissell later claimed that he had been aware of the problem since reading a document published by the State Department that claimed: “The communists already exercise in Guatemala a political influence far out of proportion to their small numerical strength. This influence will probably continue to grow during 1952. The political situation in Guatemala adversely effects U. S. interests and constitutes a potential threat to U.S. security.” Bissell does not point out that the source of this information was Tommy Corcoran and the United Fruit Company.
John Prados argues that it was Barnes and Bissell who “coordinated the Washington end of the planning and logistics for the Guatemala operation.” As Deputy Director for Plans, it was Frank Wisner’s responsibility to select the field commander for Operation Success. Kim Roosevelt was first choice but he turned it down and instead the job went to Albert Hanley, the CIA station Chief in Korea.
Hanley was told to report to Joseph Caldwell King, director of the CIA’s Western Hemisphere Division. King had previously worked for the FBI where he had responsibility for all intelligence operations in Latin America. King suggested Hanley meet Tommy Corcoran. Hanley did not like the idea. King replied: “If you think you can run this operation without United Fruit you’re crazy.” Although Hanley refused to work with Corcoran, Allen Dulles kept him fully informed of the latest developments in planning the overthrow of Arbenz.
Tracey Barnes brought in David Atlee Phillips to run a “black” propaganda radio station. According to Phillips, he was reluctant to take part in the overthrow of a democratically elected president. Barnes replied: “It’s not a question of Arbenz. Nor of Guatemala. We have solid intelligence that the Soviets intended to throw substantial support to Arbenz… Guatemala is bordered by Honduras, British Honduras, Salvador and Mexico. It’s unacceptable to have a Commie running Guatemala.”
Barnes also appointed E. Howard Hunt as chief of political action. In his autobiography, Undercover (1975), Hunt claims that “Barnes swore me to special secrecy and revealed that the National Security Council under Eisenhower and Vice President Nixon had ordered the overthrow of Guatemala’s Communist regime.” Hunt was not convinced by this explanation. He pointed out that 18 months previously he had suggested to the director of the CIA that Arbenz needed to be dealt with. However, the idea had been rejected. Hunt was now told that: “ Washington lawyer Thomas G. Corcoran had, among his clients, the United Fruit Company. United Fruit, like many American corporations in Guatemala had watched with growing dismay nationalization, confiscation and other strong measures affecting their foreign holdings. Finally a land-reform edict issued by Arbenz proved the final straw, and Tommy the Cork had begun lobbying in behalf of United Fruit and against Arbenz. Following this special impetus our project had been approved by the National Security Council and was already under way.”
Albert Hanley brought in Rip Robertson to take charge of the paramilitary side of the operation. Robertson had been Hanley’s deputy in Korea and had “enjoyed going along on the behind-the-lines missions with the CIA guerrillas, in violation of standing orders from Washington.” One of those who worked with Robertson in Operation Success was David Morales. Also in the team was Henry Hecksher, who operated under cover in Guatemala to supply front-line reports.
John Foster Dulles decided that he “needed a civilian adviser to the State Department team to help expediate Operation Success. Dulles chose a friend of Corcoran’s, William Pawley, a Miami-based millionaire”. David McKean goes on to point out that Pawley had worked with Corcoran, Chennault and Willauer in helping to set up the Flying Tigers and in transforming Civil Air Transport into a CIA airline. McKean adds that his most important qualification for the job was his “long association with right-wing Latin America dictators.”
The rebel “liberation army” was formed and trained in Nicaragua. This was not a problem as President Anastasio Somoza and been warning the United States government since 1952 that that the Guatemalan revolution might spread to Nicaragua. The rebel army of 150 men were trained by Rip Robertson. Their commander was a disaffected Guatemalan army officer, Carlos Castillo Armas.
It was clear that a 150 man army was unlikely to be able to overthrow the Guatemalan government. Tracey Barnes believed that if the rebels could gain control of the skies and bomb Guatemala City, they could create panic and Arbenz might be fooled into accepting defeat.
According to Richard Bissell, Somoza was willing to provide cover for this covert operation. However, this was on the understanding that these aircraft would be provided by the United States. Dwight Eisenhower agreed to supply Somoza with a “small pirate air force to bomb Arbenz into submission”. To fly these planes, the CIA recruited American mercenaries like Jerry DeLarm.
Before the bombing of Guatemala City, the rebel army was moved to Honduras where Tommy Corcoran’s business partner, Whiting Willauer, was ambassador. The plan was for them to pretend to be the “vanguard of a much larger army seeking to liberate their homeland from the Marxists”.
Arbenz became aware of this CIA plot to overthrow him. Guatemalan police made several arrests. In his memoirs, Eisenhower described these arrests as a “reign of terror” and falsely claimed that “agents of international Communism in Guatemala continued their efforts to penetrate and subvert their neighboring Central American states, using consular agents for their political purposes and fomenting political assassinations and strikes."
Sydney Gruson of the New York Times began to investigate this story. Journalists working for Time Magazine also tried to write about these attempts to destabilize Arbenz’s government. Frank Wisner, head of Operation Mockingbird, asked Allen Dulles to make sure that the American public never discovered the plot to overthrow Arbenz. Arthur Hays Sulzberger, the publisher of the New York Times, agreed to stop Gruson from writing the story. Henry Luce was also willing to arrange for the Time Magazine reports to be rewritten at the editorial offices in New York.
The CIA propaganda campaign included the distribution of 100,000 copies of a pamphlet entitled  Chronology of Communism in Guatemala . They also produced three films on Guatemala for showing free in cinemas. Faked photographs were distributed that claimed to show the mutilated bodies of opponents of Arbenz.
David Atlee Phillips and E. Howard Hunt were responsible for running the CIA's  Voice of Liberation radio station. Broadcasts began on 1 st May, 1954. They also arranged for the distribution of posters and pamphlets. Over 200 articles based on information provided by the CIA were placed in newspapers and magazines by the United States Information Agency.
The Voice of Liberation reported massive defections from Arbenz’s army. According to David Atlee Phillips the radio station “broadcast that two columns of rebel soldiers were converging on Guatemala City. In fact, Castillo Armas and his makeshift army were still encamped six miles inside the border, far from the capital.” As Phillips later admitted, the “highways were crowded, but with frightened citizens fleeing Guatemala City and not with soldiers approaching it.”
As E. Howard Hunt pointed out, “our powerful transmitter overrode the Guatemalan national radio, broadcasting messages to confuse and divide the population from its military overlords.” There was no popular uprising. On 20 th June, the CIA reported to Dwight Eisenhower that Castillo Armas had not been able to take his assigned objective, Zacapa. His seaborne force had also failed to capture Puerto Barrios.
According to John Prados, it all now depended on “Whiting Willauer’s rebel air force”. However, that was not going to plan and on 27th June, Winston Churchill, the British prime minister berated Eisenhower when a CIA plane sank a British merchant vessel heading for Guatemala. The bombing had been ordered by Rip Robertson without first gaining permission from the CIA or Eisenhower. Robertson had been convinced that the Springfjord was a “Czech arms carrying freighter”. In reality it had been carrying only coffee and cotton. Frank Wisner had to make a personal apology for the incident and the CIA later quietly reimbursed Lloyd’s of London, insurers of the Springfjord , the $1.5 million they had paid out on the ship.
Arbenz had been convinced by the Voice of Liberation reports that his army was deserting. Richard Bissell believes that this is when Arbenz made his main mistake. Jacobo Arbenz decided to distribute weapons to the “people’s organizations and the political parties”. As Bissell later explained: “The conservative men who constituted the leadership of Guatemala’s army viewed this action as the final unacceptable leftward lurch, and they told Arbenz they would no longer support him. He resigned and fled to Mexico.”President Harry Truman became highly suspicious of Corcoran's activities and he arranged for FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to place a tap on his phone. Despite his shady business dealings he was never convicted of a criminal offence.
Thomas Corcoran died on 7th December, 1981.
Assassination of John F. Kennedy Encyclopedia








Primary Sources


(1) Robert Dallek, Lone Star Rising: Lyndon Johnson and His Times (1991)

By the middle of 1937, FDR, worried that deficit spending was leading to high inflation, believed that the government needed to curb its outlays. Ickes, who had jurisdiction over the PWA, feared that money allocated to Texas dams would line the pockets of builders overcharging the government. In the summer of 1937, however, Johnson persuaded the White House to commit another $5 million to the Marshall Ford Dam, a third of the additional $15.5 million promised in 1935. The prospect of throwing some 2000 men out of work and of halting construction on a project that would ultimately save Texas millions of dollars in flood damages played a large part in the decision. Unless the Marshall Ford construction was continued, an LCRA memo warned, 80 percent of the 2500 men on the job would be fired, and floods, like one in June 1935 costing over $10 million, would continue to plague south-central Texas. On July 21, in a ceremony at the White House, James Roosevelt, the President's son and secretary, handed Johnson, who was accompanied by Wirtz and members of the LCRA Board, the President's order granting the $5 million. Joking with the delegation, Jimmy Roosevelt said that Johnson "had kept him busy so much of the time on the Texas project," that he "`will have to catch up on his sleep' now." "`The president is happy to do this for your congressman,' " Jimmy added. In response to repeated prodding by Johnson, the Administration provided another $14 million over the next four years to complete the network of Texas dams. The expenditure paid handsome dividends in lower unemployment, flood prevention, and more abundant and cheaper electric power.
The dam-building also served Lyndon's political interests and the well-being of Brown & Root, a construction company in Austin controlled by George and Herman Brown. With Lyndon's help they won government contracts that turned a small road-building firm into a multi-million dollar business. Their success gave Lyndon a financial angel that could help secure his political future. As Tommy Corcoran put it later, "A young guy might be as wise as Solomon, as winning as Will Rogers and as popular as Santa Claus, but if he didn't have a firm financial base his opponents could squeeze him. When Roosevelt told me to take care of the boy," Corcoran added, "that meant to watch out for his financial backers too. In Lyndon's case there was just this little road building firm, Brown and Root, run by a pair of Germans."



(2) Robert A. Caro, Lyndon Johnson: Master of the Senate (2002) 

Jenkins wrote Warren Woodward on January 11, "Ed Clark tells me that he has received some assistance from H. E. Butt. I wonder if you could go by and pick it up and put it with the other (we) put away before I left Texas Clark says that Brown's money was for the presidential run for which Johnson was gearing up that January, and that Butt's was for Johnson to contribute to the campaigns of other senators, but that often he and the other men providing Johnson with funds weren't even sure which of these two purposes the funding were for. "How could you know?" Ed Clark was to say. "If Johnson wanted to give some senator money for some campaign, Johnson would pass the word to give money to me or Jesse Kellam or Cliff Carter, and it would find its way into Johnson's hands. And it would be the same if he wanted money for his own campaign. And a lot of the money that was given to Johnson both for other candidates and for himself was in cash." "All we knew was that Lyndon asked for it, and we gave it," Tommy Corcoran was to say.
This atmosphere would pervade Lyndon Johnson's fundraising all during his years in the Senate. He would "pass the word" - often by telephoning, sometimes by having Jenkins telephone - to Brown or dark or Connally, and the cash would be collected down in Texas and flown to Washington, or, a Johnson was in Austin, would be delivered to him there. When word was received that some was available, John Connally recalls, he would board a plane in Fort Worth or Dallas, and "I'd go get it. Or Walter would get it. Woody would go get it. We had a lot of people who would go get it, and deliver it. The idea that Walter or Woody or Wilton Woods would skim some is ridiculous. We had couriers." Or, dark says, "If George or me were going up anyway, we'd take it ourselves." And Tommy Corcoran was often bringing Johnson cash from New York unions, mostly as contributions to liberal senators whom the unions wanted to support. Asked how he knew that the money "found its way" into Johnson's hands, Clark laughed and said, "Because sometimes I gave it to him. It would be in an envelope." Both Clark and Wild said that Johnson wanted the contributions given, outside the office, to either Jenkins or Bobby Baker, or to another Johnson aide. Cliff Carter, but neither Wild nor Clark trusted either Baker or Carter.



(3) Jake Esterline was interviewed by Jack Pfeiffer on 10th November, 1975.

Jack Pfeiffer: I have a question, and it is what was Pawley's relation to this whole operation... and your relation with Pawley seems to have been quite close, too.
Jake Esterline: I think it was a hangover relationship from the things that Bill Pawley had done as quite a wheel with a number of very senior people during the Guatemalan operation ... that they felt that Bill, who had been very closely tied into Cuba ... that he was a very prominent man in Florida... that there were a lot of things that he might be able to do, in the sense of getting things lined up in Florida for us... and also his ties with Nixon and with other republican politicos. I used to deal with him quite a bit before.... From my point of view, we never let Bill Pawley know any of the intimacies about our operations, or what we were doing. He never knew where our bases were, or things of that sort. He never knew anything specific about our operations, but he was doing an awful lot of things on his own with the exiles. Some of the people that he had known in Cuba, in the sugar business, etc. I guess he actually was instrumental in running boats and things in and out of Cuba, getting people out and what not, and a variety of things that were not connected with us in any way. He was a political factor from the standpoint from J.C.'s standpoint. I don't know whether Tommy Corcoran entered in at this point... I think Tommy Corcoran was strictly in Guatemala. I guess Corcoran didn't come into this thing, at least not very much.
Jack Pfeiffer: His name turns up once or twice.
Jake Esterline: Yes, I met him once, in connection with Cuba, but I don't remember who... for J.C King, but I don't remember why, at this point. It wasn't anything of any significance. My feeling with Pawley... he was such a hawk, and he was every second week... he wanted to kill somebody inside... . It was from my standpoint - we were trying to keep him from doing things to cause problems for us. This was almost a standing operation.
Jack Pfeiffer: This is what I was wondering, because Tracy Barnes, I know on a number of occasions, seemed to make it quite clear that what the Agency had to be careful of was getting hung with a reactionary label, and then at the same time that was going on, here is all of this conversation back and forth with Pawley and his visits...
Jake Esterline: Really to keep him from doing something to upset the applecart from our standpoint. In that sense, I did fill that role in part for a long time; and the net result of the thing is that Bill thinks I am a dangerous leftist today. If I hadn't been a foot dragger, or hadn't taken all these dissenting opinions of this, things in Cuba would have been a lot better.
Jack Pfeiffer: Was Pawley actually involved in the covert operation in Guatemala?
Jake Esterline: Yes, he, well I am sure he was, in a...
Jack Pfeiffer: I mean, with you as far as you...
Jake Esterline: Not I personally, but he was involved with State Department. I said Rubottom a couple of times, I didn't mean Rubottom, I meant Rusk. He was involved - especially in Guatemala with Rubottom or whoever Secretary of State was, and Seville Sacassaa and Somoza and whoever Secretary of Defense was in getting the planes from the Defense Dept., having them painted over, the decals painted over and flown to Nicaragua where they became the Defense force for that operation.
Jack Pfeiffer: I ran across some comment that he had made to Livingston Merchant.
Jake Esterline: They were good friends, and knew each other. But to my knowledge, he never had any involvement like that during the Bay of Pigs days, although you'd have to ask Ted Shackley about what they did later, because I think he ran some things into Cuba for Ted Shackley.
Jack Pfeiffer: That is beyond my period of interest. He was involved in a great amount of fund raising activity, in the New York area apparently - pushing or raising funds in the New York area - wasn't Droller involved in this too? What was your relation with Droller... were you directing Droller's activities, or was Dave Phillips running Droller...
Jake Esterline: Oh, I sort of ran Droller, except I never knew what Tracy Barnes was going to do next, when I turned my back. Droller was such.an ambitious fellow trying to run in... trying to run circles around everybody for his own aggrandizement that you never knew... but Droller would never have had any continuing contact with Pawley, because they had met only once, and I recall Pawley saying that he never wanted to talk to that "you know what" again. He was very unhappy that somebody like Gerry... he just didn't like Gerry's looks, he didn't like his accent. He was very unfair about Gerry, and I don't mean to be unfair about Gerry - the only thing is that Gerry was insanely ambitious. He was his own worst enemy, that was all.... We just didn't think that Tracy really understood it that well, or if Tracy did, he coudn't articulate... he wouldn't articulate it that well. Tracy was one of the sweetest guys that ever lived, but he coudn't ever draw a straight line between two points....
Jack Pfeiffer: What about JFK?
Jake Esterline: JFK was an uninitiated fellow who had been in the wars, but he hadn't been exposed to any world politics or crises yet if he had something else as a warm up, he might have made different decisions than he made at that time. I think he was kind of a victim of the thing. I blame Nixon far more than I do Kennedy for the equivocations and the loss of time and what not that led to the ultimate disaster. Goodwin, I just thought was a sleazy; little self-seeker, who I didn't feel safe with any secret. His consorting with Che Guevara in Montevideo had rather upset me at the time...
Jack Pfeiffer: How about McNamara did you get involved with him at all?
Jake Esterline: No.
Jack Pfeiffer: Bobby Kennedy?
Jake Esterline: I wouldn't even tell you off tape. I didn't like him. He's dead, God rest his soul.



(4) Ray S. Cline, Secrets, Spies and Scholars: Blueprint of the Essential CIA (1976)

Thomas G. (Tommy) Corcoran, Washington's durable political lawyer and an early New Deal "brain-truster" from Harvard Law School, says that his greatest contribution to government in his long career was helping infiltrate smart young Harvard Law School products into every agency of government. He felt the United States needed to develop a highly educated, highly motivated public service corps that had not existed before Roosevelt's time. Donovan did much the same for career experts in international affairs by collecting in one place a galaxy of experience and ability the likes of which even the State Department had never seen. Many of these later drifted away, but a core remained to create a tradition and eventually to take key jobs in a mature intelligence system of the kind the United States required for coping with twentieth century problems.



(5) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

Corcoran, ever the loyal soldier to Roosevelt, agreed to help and visited his old friends in the Senate, including Senators Burton Wheeler of Montana, Worth Clark of Montana, and Robert La Follette of Wisconsin. A few weeks later Corcoran reported to the president that while these men were opposed to involvement in Europe, he did not believe that a modest aid program to China would cause them serious concern.
After evaluating Corcoran's optimistic assessment, Roosevelt conveyed to him, again through Lauchlin Currie, that he wanted to establish a private corporation to provide assistance to the Chinese. Corcoran thought the president's idea was ingenious, and later wrote that "if we'd tried to set up a government corporation per se, or do the work out of a Federal office, there would have been devil to pay on the Hill." Instead, Corcoran set up a civilian corporation, which he chartered in Delaware and, at the suggestion of the president, named China Defense Supplies. It would be, as Corcoran later recalled, "the entire lend lease operation" for Asia.
In order to provide the company with the stamp of respectability, Roosevelt arranged for his elderly uncle, Frederick Delano, who'd spent a lifetime in the China trade, to be co-chairman. The other chairman was T. V. Soong, Chiang's personal representative who frequently visited Washington to lobby for aid to his government. Soong, a Harvard graduate, was also Chiang's finance minister, as well as his banker and his brother-in-law. And he was a close friend of David Corcoran, whom he had met when the younger Corcoran was working in the Far East.
After getting the green light to proceed with the establishment of China Defense Supplies, Corcoran hired a staff to run the company. With Delano and Soong as the chairmen, Corcoran went about appointing a politically savvy management team. First, he asked his brother David to take a leave of absence from Sterling to become president. Although David Corcoran was an extremely competent manager, Sterling was then under investigation by the Department of Justice, and David's appointment could be cynically viewed as an attempt by Tommy to protect his brother from the investigation by shielding him with a quasi-government role. Next he appointed a bright young lawyer named Bill Youngman as general counsel. Youngman had previously clerked for Judge Learned Hand, and after Ben Cohen recommended him, he landed a job as general counsel at the Federal Power Commission. To direct the program from China, Corcoran chose Whitey Willauer, who had been his brother Howard's roommate at Exeter, Princeton, and Harvard Law School. Corcoran had previously helped Willauer get a job at the Federal Aviation Administration and he knew Willauer was "crazy about China." After helping to establish and run China Defense Supplies, Willauer moved over to the Foreign Economic Administration, where he supervised both Lend-Lease to China and purchases from China. Lastly, Corcoran arranged for the Marine Corps to detail Quinn Shaughnessy, who, like Corcoran, was a graduate of Harvard Law School. Shaughnessy was given the task of locating and acquiring goods, supplies, and weapons For the Chinese. Corcoran took no title himself other than outside counsel for China Defense Supplies. He paid himself five thousand dollars to set up the company, but didn't want his affiliation with it to interfere with his incipient lobbying practice.



(6) William E. Leuchtenburg, Franklin D. Roosevelt and the New Deal (1963)

The shy, modest Cohen, a Jew from Muncie, Indiana, was a former Brandeis law clerk who had developed into a brilliant legislative draftsman. Corcoran, an Irishman from a Rhode Island mill town, had gone from Harvard Law School to Washington in 1926 to serve as secretary to Mr. Justice Holmes; Holmes found him "quite noisy, quite satisfactory, and quite noisy." Roosevelt had discovered Corcoran and Cohen, who had teamed up to draft Wall Street regulatory legislation, to be remarkably resourceful in resolving knotty governmental problems, and by the spring of 1935 "the boys," as Frankfurter called them, were playing key roles in the New Deal."
Corcoran was a new political type: the expert who not only drafted legislation but maneuvered it through the treacherous corridors of Capitol Hill. Two Washington reporters wrote of him: "He could play the accordion, sing any song you cared to mention, read Aeschylus in the original, quote Dante and Montaigne by the yard, tell an excellent story, write a great bill like the Securities Exchange Act, prepare a presidential speech, tread the labyrinthine maze of palace politics or chart the future course of a democracy with equal ease." He lived with Cohen and five other New Dealers in a house on R Street; as early as the spring of 1934, G.O.P. congressmen were learning to ignore the sponsors of New Deal legislation and level their attacks at "the scarlet-fever boys from the little red house in Georgetown."
In the first two years of the New Deal, the Brandeisians chafed as the NRA advocates sat at the President's right hand. They rejoiced only in the TVA, since it both checked monopoly and accentuated decentralization, and in the regulation of securities issues and the stock market, which marked the success of Brandeis' earlier crusade against the money power. Not until 1935 did the Brandeisians make their way. That year saw the triumph of the decentralizers in the fight over the social security bill, and the enhanced power in TVA of Frankfurter's follower, David Lilienthal. Brandeis himself had a direct hand
 in the most important victory of all: the invalidation of the NRA.



(7) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

Corcoran had only been out of the government for a short time, but he was "running" the Asian Lend-Lease program and working to defend against both the Justice Department inquiry and a potential congressional investigation into Sterling Pharmaceutical. Corcoran assembled a defense team led by John Cahill, his former classmate at Harvard Law School and an associate of his at Cotton and Franklin. Cahill was the U.S. attorney in New York and, not coincidentally, had been working with Thurman Arnold, the assistant attorney general for antitrust matters, supervising the Department of justice's inquiry into Sterling. At Corcoran's urging, Cahill resigned his post on February 10, 1941, to enter private practice. There were no laws prohibiting him from representing a client in a case on which he had been working, and notwithstanding a clear conflict of interest, Cahill immediately began representing Sterling Pharmaceutical.
Now that he had help on the Sterling case, Corcoran began to take on new business. His first major client was Henry J. Kaiser, a West Coast businessman who had made a fortune from government contracts, primarily in helping build the Boulder and Shasta Dams. Corcoran had first met Kaiser when Corcoran was an attorney at the RFC and he, Harold Ickes, and David Lilienthal established the Bonneville Power Administration. Now as the country prepared for war, Kaiser recognized that the government's procurement program offered many exceptional business opportunities. Kaiser needed to know the people in Washington who were making the decisions, and he called on Tommy Corcoran for assistance.
Corcoran was able to open doors for Kaiser all over town. At the White House, Corcoran introduced him to several people, including Lauchlin Currie. At the Federal Reserve, Corcoran arranged a meeting with the chairman, Marriner Eccles, who had been introduced to Kaiser several years earlier when Eccles was a construction magnate in Utah. Corcoran later boasted that through his contacts at the Interior Department he denied the Bonneville Power Administration to Alcoa, the giant aluminum company, and helped secure it for Kaiser.
Corcoran also helped at the War Department, where he introduced Kaiser to William Knudsen, the former chief executive of General Motors who had been appointed at the end of 1940 to command the Office of Production Management to coordinate defense preparations. Over the course of the next few years, Kaiser arranged for $645 million in building contracts at his ten shipyards, eight of which were located on the West Coast. He netted a profit on each ship of between $60,000 to $110,000 and made millions with his assembly methods. He pioneered group medicine at his companies, creating what eventually became Kaiser Permanente, a precursor to today's health maintenance organizations.



(8) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

In late 1941 Johnson approached E. G. Kingsbery, an ultraconservative Austin businessman who owned a half interest in KTBC. Kingsbery had opposed Johnson's candidacy, but after the congressman helped Kingsbery's son gain admission to the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, the businessman was indebted to him. Johnson told Kingsbery, "I'm not a newspaperman, not a lawyer, and I might get beat sometime. I did have a second-class teacher's certificate, but it's expired, and I want to get into some business." Impressed by Johnson's energy and initiative, Kingsbery told Johnson that he wanted to pay his "obligation" to him and simply gave him his half-interest option.
The option to buy the other half was owned by the Wesley West family, who had extensive holdings in the oil industry and owned the Austin Daily Tribune, a conservative daily. Just a day or two before Christmas, Johnson traveled to Plano County to work out a deal with Wesley West at his ranch. Johnson charmed the older man, who later recalled, "I didn't like Lyndon Johnson," but said after meeting him, "He's a pretty good fellow. I believe I'll sell it to him."
With the two half-interest options, Johnson had only one more obstacle to overcome in his purchase of the station - approval from the Federal Communications Commission. To help navigate the process, Johnson called Tommy Corcoran.
When Corcoran left government and had been looking for clients, Johnson made sure that he was placed on retainer by the Houston contracting firm of Brown and Root, owned by George and Herman Brown, who had financed Lyndon's previous campaigns. Corcoran had been paid as much as fifteen thousand dollars for "advice, conferences and negotiations" related to shipbuilding contracts. Now it was Johnson looking to Corcoran to help him with a business proposition. Corcoran did not disappoint. As Corcoran later told Johnson's biographer, Robert Caro, "I helped out all up and down the line."
Corcoran had an important contact at the FCC: James Fly, the chairman of the commission, had been his classmate at Harvard Law School and owed his appointment in good measure to Corcoran. Justice Frank Murphy later told Felix Frankfurter that he had helped get Fly the position as a favor to Tommy Corcoran. According to Murphy, "[It] was at Tom's request that I gave the former Chairman a ten thousand dollar a year job so as to create a vacancy into which Fly was placed."



(9) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

As planning for the U.S. plot progressed, Corcoran and other top officials at United Fruit became anxious about identifying a future leader who would establish favorable relations between the government and the company. Secretary of State Dulles moved to add a"civilian" adviser to the State Department team to help expedite Operation Success. Dulles chose a friend of Corcoran's, William Pawley, a Miami-based millionaire who, along with Corcoran, Chennault, and Willauer, had helped set up the Flying Tigers in the early r94os and then helped several years later to transform it into the CIA's airline, Civil Air Transport. Besides his association with Corcoran, Pawley's most important qualification for the job was that he had a long history of association with right-wing Latin American dictators.
CIA director Dulles had grown disillusioned with J. C. King and asked Colonel Albert Haney, the CIA station chief in Korea, to be the U.S. field commander for the operation. Haney enthusiastically accepted, although he was apparently unaware of the role that the United Fruit Company had played in his selection. Haney had been a colleague of King's, and though King was no longer directing the operation, he remained a member of the agency planning team. He suggested that Haney meet with Tom Corcoran to see about arming the insurgency force with the weapons that had been mothballed in a New York warehouse after the failed Operation Fortune. When the supremely confident Haney said he didn't need any help from a Washington lawyer, King rebuked him, "If you think you can run this operation without United Fruit, you're crazy!"
The close working relationship between the CIA and United Fruit was perhaps best epitomized by Allen Dulles's encouragement to the company to help select an expedition commander for the planned invasion. After the CIA's first choice was vetoed by the State Department, United Fruit proposed Corcova Cerna, a Guatemalan lawyer and coffee grower. Cerna had long worked for the company as a paid legal adviser, and even though Corcoran referred to him as "a liberal," he believed that Cerna would not interfere with the company's land holdings and operations. After Cerna was hospitalized with throat cancer, a third candidate, Colonel Carlos Castillo Armas, emerged as the compromise choice.
According to United Fruit's Thomas McCann, when the Central Intelligence Agency finally launched Operation Success in late June 1954, "United Fruit was involved at every level." From neighboring Honduras, Ambassador Willauer, Corcoran's former business partner, directed bombing raids on Guatemala City. McCann was told that the CIA even shipped down the weapons used in the uprising "in United Fruit boats."
On June 27, 1954, Colonel Armas Ousted the Arbenz government and ordered the arrest of all communist leaders in Guatemala. While the coup was successful, a dark chapter was opened in American support for right wing military dictators in Central America.



(10) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

In February 1960 the New York Times reported that while Senator Johnson "stubbornly contends that he has no plans, or expectations of becoming a candidate, several aides, including Corcoran, were working for him behind the scenes." The article quoted Corcoran as suggesting that he was used for "the testing of new ideas."
Three months earlier Corcoran's good friend, the seventy-eight-year old Speaker of the House, Sam Rayburn, had returned to his home state of Texas to announce the formation of an "unofficial Johnson for President campaign." Rayburn's announcement followed that of Senator John F. Kennedy, who had declared his candidacy for the presidency in the Senate caucus room a month earlier, and Senator Hubert Humphrey, who had tossed his hat into the ring at the beginning of the new year. Sensing that he had a greater name recognition than any of the declared candidates, and desperately seeking vindication after two stinging previous defeats, Adali Stevenson allowed others to present his case. Senator Stuart Symington had decided to wait in the wings, hoping that in a deadlocked convention he would become the consensus alternative.
Corcoran was one of a number of prominent New Dealer-era luminaries, including Eliot Janeway, Dean Acheson, and William O. Douglas, who were supporting Lyndon Johnson. Presidential chronicler Theodore White later called the group "a loose and highly ineffective coalition," which was not entirely fair since it did manage to raise nearly $150,000 for Johnson's undeclared candidacy. LBJ himself decided not to campaign actively; as majority leader he believed he couldn't neglect his Senate duties to mount a full-scale campaign.



(11) David McKean, Peddling Influence (2004)

In late 1964, however, Corcoran was preoccupied with a political scandal. Only weeks after Johnson was sworn in as president, Bobby Baker got into trouble for fraud and tax evasion. Baker had been LBJ's closest aide and most important adviser in the Senate. He and Corcoran had known each other for many years, and although never close friends, their mutual respect for Lyndon Johnson and the fact that they were both political operators meant that they saw one another often.
Tommy had actually helped Baker buy his house in the affluent section of Washington known as Spring Valley. Corcoran had learned that Baker and his wife, who was expecting their third child, were looking for a larger home. At the time, Tommy was representing Tenneco, and he knew that a house under construction - originally intended for one of the company's vice presidents, who had been recalled to Texas - was slated to go on the market for $175,000. Baker was encouraged to put in a bid of $125,000, which was accepted. Although Baker never recalled doing any special favor for Corcoran in return, Tommy always knew that he was owed one.
In January 1964 Baker was indicted by the U.S. attorney in Washington for tax evasion. The former Capitol Hill aide sought out John Lane, whom he had known in the Senate and who by now had established a small but highly regarded law practice. Lane did not have a white-collar defense practice, but he knew that Tommy Corcoran's brother, Howard, practiced in New York with Boris Kostelanitz, a respected attorney who had handled several criminal tax cases. Lane and Baker went to see Corcoran in his office. As they sat and talked on Corcoran's leather couch, Corcoran's secretary came in and told Baker that Attorney General Robert Kennedy was on the telephone. Kennedy wanted to assure Baker that he had not personally ordered the case against him and that his knowledge of the case came only from newspaper clippings.
Baker retained Kostelanitz to defend him on the charges of tax evasion and retained Edward Bennett Williams, the renowned criminal lawyer, as his counsel. The case was assigned to judge Oliver Gasch of the district court after several judges reportedly rejected it because they personally knew Baker. Ironically, Gasch, a close friend of Howard Corcoran's, owed his appointment to Tommy Corcoran. But much to Baker's chagrin, Corcoran didn't intercede on his behalf, probably because Lyndon Johnson never asked him. The president, according to one lawyer close to the case, "didn't want to touch Baker with a ten foot pole."



















Spartacus eBooks



Related ReadingPeddling Influence













American History




















Spartacus Educational




















American History

 
American History Slavery in the United StatesAmerican Civil WarThe American WestUSA Political Figures and PartiesThe Assassination of JFKVietnam WarWomen's Suffrage Roosevelt and the New Deal Civil Rights 1860-1980Trade Unions Immigration McCarthyism   Cold War  Timeline: The Cold War   Radicals and Reformers  Moderate Reformers American CrimeCities and TownsEvents & Issues 1840-1900Theatre & Cinema Events & Issues 1900-1940Art in the United StatesEvents & Issues 1940-1980The Watergate ScandalIran Contra ScandalPropaganda, Disinformation & Corruption  Business Leaders  Judges   Scientists, Inventors and Pioneers   Journalists   Poets and Novelists  Photography in the United States   American Cartoonists  Journals    First World War   Second World War  


















Spartacus eBooks



Related ReadingThe South and America














USA History: Business Leaders




















Spartacus Educational




















USA History: Business Leaders
USA History: Business LeadersJames AbercrombieWilliam BentonJohn Jacob BauschAlexander G. BellLawrence D. BellAugust BelmontFred BlackHarvey BrightGeorge BrownHerman BrownJohn Moses BrowningAdolphus BuschDavid Harold ByrdAndrew CarnegieAuguste ChouteauHenry ClewsPeter CooperJames PhelanSid RichardsonThomas RyanJohn D. RockefellerNelson RockefellerJacob SchiffEdward ScrippsRichard SecordHarry SelfridgeJoseph SeligmanAlexander de SeverskyIgor SikorskyHarry F. SinclairKarstein SolheimHeinrich SteinwayGrant StockdaleIsidor StrausRoss SterlingJohann SuterArthur TappanLewis TappanSwan TurnbladWilliam TweedHenry VillardOswald Garrison VillardWilliam VinsonPaul WarburgFrederick WeyerhaeuserCarl Eric WickmanRobert KerrFred KorthSolomon LoebHenry LombSeth LowHenry LuceHiram MaximAndrew MellonGlenn McCarthyJohn J. McCloySamuel McClureRobert S. McNamaraJohn Pierpont MorganClint MurchisonWilliam PaleyWilliam PawleyHazen PingreeJoseph PulitzerGeorge PullmanTommy CorcoranJack Alston CrichtonMichael CudahyHugh R. CullenJohn DowneyDouglas DillonJames ElkinsBillie Sol EstesOle EvinrudeMarshall FieldHenry FordHenry Clay FrickRichard J. GatlingEugene B. GermanyWilliam GraceFranklin GowenMeyer GuggenheimOscar HammersteinMark HannaWilliam Randolph HearstWilliam HobbyBenjamin HotchkisJohn F. HullHaroldson L. HuntCollis Potter HuntingtonJesse H. JonesSamuel JonesOtto KahnPatrick Joseph KennedyAlvin WirtzGus Wortham




















Spartacus eBooks



Related ReadingWe-Think 
Related ReadingRunaway World  













Corcoran Thomas C in Pontiac, IL 61764 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Illinois
» Pontiac
» Specialized Insurance
» Corcoran Thomas C













Corcoran Thomas C


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





303 W Madison St  Pontiac, Illinois 61764


(815) 842-3338
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Corcoran Thomas C is located at the address 303 W Madison St in Pontiac, Illinois 61764.  They can be contacted via phone at (815) 842-3338 for pricing, hours and directions.  Corcoran Thomas C specializes in Residential, Contents, Workers Compensation.  Corcoran Thomas C has 4 employees.For more information contact Thomas  Corcoran, Manager or  go to www.midamericainsurance.comCorcoran Thomas C provides Long Term Care Insurance, Short Term Planning, Retirement Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Corcoran Thomas C view the map to the right.  For reviews of Corcoran Thomas C see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Short-Term Policies
, IRAs
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Mutual Funds
, Securities
, Workers Compensation
, Employee Benefits
, Business Continuation Plans
, Burial Insurance
, Family Policies



SERVICES


Short Term Planning
, Travel Insurance
, Long Term Care Insurance
, Insurance
, Commercial Services
, Retirement Planning
, Investment Planning
, Tax Return Preparation
, Renters Insurance
, Accident Coverage


 BRANDS


Blue Shield
, American Family
, United Healthcare
, Travelers
, Anthem
, Metlife
, The Hartford
, Reliastar
, Prudential
, Aetna


 SPECIALTIES


Children & Teens
, Residential
, Restaurants
, Contents
, Specified Disease
, PPO Plans
, Medical
, Workers Compensation
, Personal Injury & Property Damage
, Equipment



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (815) 842-3338
Website: www.midamericainsurance.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Thomas
Main Contact Last Name: Corcoran
Main Contact Title: Manager
Employee Size: 4
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Workers' Compensation Insurance
Insurance
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


Martin James Insurance


1402 N Ann St  Pontiac, Illinois 61764




Pontiac Mutual Insurance Co


802 W Washington St  Pontiac, Illinois 61764





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Thomas  Corcoran
Manager

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















"Corcoran, Thomas "







































Skip to main content









DigitalCommons@UMaine

HomeAboutFAQMy Account







< Previous
Next >
 


Home
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		Fogler Library
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		Special Collections
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		PHOTOGRAPHS
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		UNIV_PHOTOS
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		1049









University of Maine Photographs
 


Title
Corcoran, Thomas



Creator



Preview




Browse Category
Faculty and Staff



Description
Thomas Corcoran - Professor of Forestry, Associate Director of Forestry and Forest Products.



Format
JPEG



Part Of
University of Maine Photo Archives












    	Download
    


        Medium
      


        Thumbnail
      










 Downloads
Since October 02, 2014






Keywords
Forestry.




Share















Image Location







 









 










 
 





Search


		Enter search terms:
	







		Select context to search:
	



in this collection
in this repository
across all repositories






			Advanced Search
		






				Notify me via email or RSS








Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors
Expert Gallery


Contact a Librarian


Ask a Librarian


Author Corner



				Author FAQ
			










Gallery Locations






View gallery on map
View gallery in Google Earth






 





Digital Commons





					Home
			
			 | 
			
					My Account
			 | 
			
					Accessibility Statement
			 |
			



                                        Privacy
    			

                                        Copyright
    			

                                        DigitalCommons@UMaine ISSN: 2476-2547
    			








Corcoran, Thomas DiDomenico, Stephen              Morgan, Joel                 Dommel, Gary                 Castaneda, East Side 660 Madison Avenue   Realtor, Real Estate Agent, broker, referral, experience, new york, manhattan, brooklyn














































 













Message goes here



About Us










Register now or



What's your name?

Error


What's your email address?

Error


Choose a password(6+ characters)

Error



Register







Sign in
Enter your info:







					Remember me
				
				| Forgot your password?
Error



Sign In


or








Not Registered?
Here are some great reasons to join My Corcoran.

Register






Invite a Family Member or Friend


Invite by Email


What's your friend's name?

What's your friend's email?


Send Invite
or




Here's what you can do with My Corcoran

			Need more details? Find them here






Forgot your password?



Your email

Error
Reset my password



We've sent your new password to









Change my password



Current password

New password (6+ characters)

Retype password

Error
Save










New York
The Hamptons
South Florida




For Sale







Homes for Sale


Commercial


Healthcare


Townhouses


International






New to the Market


Reduced in Price


Featured Listings


Great Values


Sell Your Home









For Rent







Homes for Rent


Commercial


Healthcare


Townhouses


International






New to the Market


Reduced in Price


Featured Listings


Great Values









Open Houses



New Developments







For Sale


For Rent


Past Developments


Corcoran Sunshine


 




Neighborhoods



Agents



OFFICES



|


BLOG








New York

My Searches




New York


Agents


               The Domenico Team
                  
               


Next Home




















Thomas  DiDomenico
Licensed Associate RE Broker
 Licensed as Thomas DiDomenico
                                
                                Office: East Side 
                                660 Madison Avenue   New York, NY    10065
                                
Office: (212) 848-0486
Fax: (212) 230-7351
Email: tdd@corcoran.com




Thomas has proven to be an invaluable resource to us in navigating NY and other markets. After working with Thomas and his team on several sales and purchases, we consider him a trusted advisor whose integrity & market knowledge are unparalleled. 
— Jonathan Gordon, Esq., Buyer 



My Listings

For Sale

For Rent

Sold

Rented



My Profile

About Me
Team Members
Awards
Press Mentions
Testimonials
Other Experience




Connect with Thomas

Login and we'll show your mutual friends and connections.










 Login
 Login



Login with Facebook and we'll show your mutual friends.



Login with LinkedIn and we'll show your mutual connections.



















CONTACT AGENT
Download Contact Card










For Sale

For Rent

Sold

Rented



VIEW ALL LISTINGS
VIEW ALL LISTINGS










$10,250,000





                110 East 64th Street
            

Upper East Side







$6,750,000In Contract





                300 East 77th Street, Apt. 27/28B
            

Upper East Side







$5,200,000New





                200 East End Avenue, Apt. 15IJO
            

Upper East Side







$4,750,000





                115 East 35th Street
            

Murray Hill

 





$2,750,000In Contract





                300 East 62nd Street, Apt. 2702
            

Upper East Side







$2,650,000New





                126 Waverly Place, Apt. 2E
            

Greenwich Village







$1,250,000





                151 East 83rd Street, Apt. 1D
            

Upper East Side







$949,000





                165 East 32nd Street, Apt. 16F
            

Murray Hill

 










$25,000





                28 Laight Street, Apt. 6E
            

Tribeca







$9,950





                259 West 90th Street, Apt. 1
            

Upper West Side







$8,500New





                126 Waverly Place, Apt. 2E
            

Greenwich Village

 










Showing sold in 

any neighborhood

any neighborhood
Battery Park City
Brooklyn Heights
Carnegie Hill
Central Park South
Chelsea/Hudson Yards
Flatiron
Fort Greene
Gramercy
Greenwich Village
Harlem
Midtown East
Midtown West
Murray Hill
Red Hook
Soho/Nolita
Sutton Area
Tribeca
Upper East Side
Upper West Side
Washington Heights


sorted by  

price 

price
neighborhood
type of home
square feet
beds
address











Address
Unit
Neighborhood
Price
Beds
Baths
Rooms
Sq. Ft.
Type


32 East 74th Street Upper East Side$14,500,00054136,500Townhouse145 Hudson Street11ATribeca$12,800,00033.595,198Condo25 Columbus Ave64AUpper West Side$12,700,00033.562,632Condo885 Park Avenue PHW       Upper East Side$10,000,000337Co-op71 Laight Street5CTribeca$9,950,00055.5143,708Condo123 E. 71st StreetUpper East Side$8,300,000Townhouse885 Park AvenuePHBUpper East Side$7,625,0002362,000Co-op158 MERCER ST 6M        Soho/Nolita$7,500,00032.574,177Condo1120 Fifth Avenue 3C        Carnegie Hill$7,150,0003393,200Co-op450 E. 83rd StreetPH2BUpper East Side$5,850,00033.562,697Condo333 E.18th St.Murray Hill$5,300,00094,000Townhouse245 East 52nd Street Midtown East$4,875,00042.512Townhouse317 W. 80th StreetUpper East Side$4,633,03784,813Townhouse319 East 51st Street Midtown East$4,600,00055.56,500Townhouse151 Wooster6BTribeca$4,378,4753353,007Condo200 Central Park South 34A       Central Park South$4,325,0002362,200Co-op851 Lexington AvenueUpper East Side$4,000,000Townhouse115 East 35th StreetMurray Hill$4,000,00066.5114,000Townhouse300 East 62nd Street PH2       Upper East Side$3,900,00033.572,400Condo188 East 76th Street 20A       Upper East Side$3,750,00044.572,274Condo25 Central Park West4EUpper West Side$3,600,0003251,715Condo115 E. 90th Street7ABCarnegie Hill$3,425,000438Co-op170 East 87th Street PH2A      Upper East Side$3,400,00032.562,222Condo200 Central Park South 17E       Central Park South$3,375,00022.561,700Co-op31 East 28th Street11EFlatiron$3,350,0002251,998Condo200 East 66th Street D8-04     Upper East Side$3,258,4002241,487Condo188 East 64th Street 3601      Upper East Side$3,200,00022.541,322Condo1 Central Park West 30D       Upper West Side$3,200,000345.52,163Condo14 East 90th Street 6E        Carnegie Hill$2,800,0003361,700Co-op33 Bleecker Street4C        Greenwich Village$2,650,0002161,950Co-op201 W. 17th StreetPHHChelsea/Hudson Yards$2,600,0003282,400Condo200 East 69th Street 35A       Upper East Side$2,565,00022.541,401Condo322 West 57th Street15DMidtown West$2,525,0002241,292Condo33 Riverside Drive 4F        Upper West Side$2,505,00032.55.51,750Co-op300 Central Park West2JUpper West Side$2,400,0002362,100Co-op118 West 79th Street12BUpper West Side$2,400,000Co-op11 East 92nd Street 4R        Carnegie Hill$2,275,0002361,750Co-op51 WALKER ST 8A        Tribeca$2,265,0002241,556Condo870 Fifth Avenue5DUpper East Side$2,250,00022.551,500Co-op25 Sutton Place South 19F       Sutton Area$2,250,00022.551,600Co-op2 River TerracePH14MBattery Park City$2,225,0003351,449Condo31 West 16th Street 1         Flatiron$2,175,00022.561,700Co-op31 E. 28th Street11WFlatiron$2,090,0001251,805Condo300 East 77th Street17CUpper East Side$2,025,0002251,607Condo115 Fourth Avenue2FGreenwich Village$2,000,0002251,800Condo1438 Third Avenue 17E       Upper East Side$2,000,000335.51,642Condo2 CORNELIA ST604-605Greenwich Village$1,995,0004282,552Condo181 E. 90th Street4BUpper East Side$1,985,00022.551,475Condo51 Walker Street8ATribeca$1,975,0002241,556Condo200 E. 69th Street35AUpper East Side$1,960,00022.541,401Condo360 E. 88th Street34AUpper East Side$1,950,000235Condo220 East 67th Street PHCD      Upper East Side$1,925,0003271,800Co-op2 Columbus Avenue 19A       Upper West Side$1,895,00033.56.52,110Condo200 East 66th Street C1102     Upper East Side$1,858,3062241,349Condo20 Sutton Place South 15C       Sutton Area$1,850,0003361,800Co-op8 East 83rd Street 9E        Upper East Side$1,810,000224.51,400Co-op200 East 57th Street 14A       Midtown East$1,800,000225.51,540Co-op11 East 92nd Street4RCarnegie Hill$1,800,0002361,750Co-op8 E. 83rd Street6GUpper East Side$1,750,000225Co-op16 West 16th Street 6SN       Flatiron$1,750,0003251,350Co-op860 Fifth Avenue 10F       Upper East Side$1,725,000224.51,275Co-op300 East 54th Street 10KL      Sutton Area$1,695,000335.51,800Co-op200 East 66th Street E203      Upper East Side$1,635,000113919Condo120 Riverside Boulevard6LUpper West Side$1,590,0002241,292Condo73 Worth Street2ATribeca$1,525,000232,472Condo151 East 83rd Street 6GH       Upper East Side$1,500,0003371,700Co-op929 Park Avenue 8B        Upper East Side$1,500,000113.51,000Co-op325 East 41st Street 707       Murray Hill$1,500,0003361,600Co-op182 Lafayette Street3rd FlrSoho/Nolita$1,495,0002,500Co-op325 East 41st Street PH2       Murray Hill$1,473,0002241,125Co-op205 East 78th Street 11L       Upper East Side$1,450,000225.51,600Co-op565 West End Avenue 3A        Upper West Side$1,420,000224.51,350Co-op200 East 78 16G       Upper East Side$1,415,000224.51,425Co-op860 Fifth Avenue10FUpper East Side$1,395,0002241,275Co-op114 East 90th Street 1B        Carnegie Hill$1,375,0003261,400Co-op200 East 57th Street 4N        Midtown East$1,365,0002251,500Co-op40 East 80th Street 20A       Upper East Side$1,350,0003362,000Co-op20 Sutton Place South 15C       Sutton Area$1,350,0003361,800Co-op139 E. 36th Street3Murray Hill$1,340,0003261,600Co-op120 East 75th Street 2B        Upper East Side$1,325,00021.55Co-op342 West 85th Street 1A        Upper West Side$1,325,00011.53864Condo330 East 38th Street 18AQ      Murray Hill$1,300,00022.561,967Condo365 W. 20th Street17AChelsea/Hudson Yards$1,295,000113850Co-op200 East 57th Street 4F        Midtown East$1,285,0002251,500Co-op324 East 41st Street 1002C     Murray Hill$1,275,000225Co-op123 BAXTER ST 6C        Soho/Nolita$1,260,00011.541,061Condo400 E. 70th Street2204Upper East Side$1,250,0002251,066Condo565 West End Avenue3AUpper West Side$1,250,0002241,350Co-op343 East 74th Street18AUpper East Side$1,225,000224.51,140Condop315 Riverside Drive 11B       Upper West Side$1,220,000224.51,200Co-op229 E. 79th Street15AUpper East Side$1,200,000325Co-op49 East 86th Street 17C       Carnegie Hill$1,200,000113.5Co-op215 West 88th Street10AUpper West Side$1,180,000113766Condo138 East 36th Street 5A        Murray Hill$1,175,000225Co-op311 East 38th Street 24C       Murray Hill$1,150,000224.51,125Condo420 East 64th Street W8D       Upper East Side$1,150,000224.51,200Condop305 East 40th Street 4D        Murray Hill$1,150,000224.51,350Co-op400 East 56th Street 7P        Sutton Area$1,125,000224.51,400Co-op245 E. 72nd Street5CUpper East Side$1,125,000224Co-op1060 Park Avenue 13G       Carnegie Hill$1,110,0002161,625Co-op150 COLUMBUS AVE 18E       Upper West Side$1,102,00311.53.5822Condo425 East 63rd Street WPHA      Upper East Side$1,100,000113.5850Condop169 East 78th Street 7C        Upper East Side$1,100,000113.51,000Co-op233 East 70th Street 9U        Upper East Side$1,085,0002241,200Co-op148 W. 23rd Street7AChelsea/Hudson Yards$1,050,0002241,100Co-op200 East 783CUpper East Side$1,050,000224Co-op2373 Broadway 1622      Upper West Side$1,035,000113.5900Condop305 East 40th Street4DMurray Hill$999,000224.51,350Co-op425 East 63rd Street W2D       Upper East Side$999,000224.51,250Condop49 East 86th Street 17C       Carnegie Hill$975,000113.5Co-op324 East 41st Street 601C      Murray Hill$975,0002251,350Co-op250 East 40th Street 37B       Murray Hill$970,000123.5989Condo172 West 79th Street 6C        Upper West Side$950,000114842Condo137-141 Duane Street4CTribeca$949,000114823Condo60 Gramercy Park North 9K        Gramercy$940,0002141,100Co-op325 East 41st Street 207       Murray Hill$937,500336Co-op325 East 41st Street 107       Murray Hill$922,500235.51,500Co-op20 East 35th Street 14G       Murray Hill$920,000113850Co-op7 East 85th Street 6A        Upper East Side$918,000214Co-op300 East 59th Street 1505      Upper East Side$900,00011.53.51,100Co-op929 Park Avenue 6C        Upper East Side$900,0002241,150Co-op123 PIONEER ST 0         Red Hook$887,500224Townhouse425 East 63rd Street WPHA      Upper East Side$880,000113.5850Condop1065 PARK AVE 27A       Carnegie Hill$879,00022.551,500Co-op200 Central Park South 8F        Central Park South$877,500113950Co-op47 East 87th Street 8E        Carnegie Hill$875,0001141,000Co-op200 Central Park South 6F        Central Park South$875,000113.5950Co-op360 East 88th Street 31A       Upper East Side$875,000235.51,348Condo20 East 35th Street 14G       Murray Hill$875,000113850Co-op345 East 57th Street 15B       Sutton Area$867,5002151,200Co-op929 Park Avenue8BUpper East Side$862,500113.51,000Co-op220 Riverside Blvd 15C       Upper West Side$860,000113783Condo300 East 33rd Street 6N        Murray Hill$855,000113720Condo325 East 41st Street 802       Murray Hill$850,0002241,000Co-op324 East 41st Street903CMurray Hill$850,000214.5900Co-op325 East 41st Street 701       Murray Hill$850,0002241,100Co-op1438 Third Avenue 12B       Upper East Side$840,00011.53790Condo325 East 41st Street 909       Murray Hill$840,0002241,000Co-op20 East 35th Street 14N       Murray Hill$825,000113800Co-op325 East 41st Street 801       Murray Hill$819,0002241,100Co-op325 East 41st Street 909       Murray Hill$806,1002241,000Co-op137 East 36th Street 8G        Murray Hill$802,00011.54950Co-op440 East 56th Street 12G       Sutton Area$801,000224.51,400Co-op40 West 84th Street 4C        Upper West Side$795,000113.5850Co-op325 East 41st Street 701       Murray Hill$780,0002241,100Co-op325 East 41st Street 707       Murray Hill$775,0003361,600Co-op345 East 80th Street 31G       Upper East Side$760,000113706Condo145 East 48th Street 6D        Midtown East$745,000113680Condo85 Eighth Avenue 6L        Chelsea/Hudson Yards$735,000214750Co-op404 East 79th Street8GUpper East Side$729,000Studio251,025Condo325 East 41st Street 606       Murray Hill$725,00021.54.51,100Co-op325 East 41st Street 702       Murray Hill$725,0002241,100Co-op250 West 89th Street 3H        Upper West Side$700,00011.53.5850Condop314 East 41st Street PH1B      Murray Hill$699,000113600Co-op314 East 41st Street 401B      Murray Hill$699,000214900Co-op325 East 41st Street 809       Murray Hill$695,0002241,000Co-op325 East 41st Street 806       Murray Hill$690,00021.54.51,100Co-op151 East 83rd Street 2G        Upper East Side$687,000113.5775Co-op324 East 41st Street 303C      Murray Hill$680,000214900Co-op342 West 85th Street 3A        Upper West Side$680,00011.53.5819Condo252 Seventh Avenue7QChelsea/Hudson Yards$670,000121,563Condo1025 Fifth Avenue 10EN      Upper East Side$660,000224.51,400Co-op200 Riverside Blvd 3G        Upper West Side$651,50011.53.5797Condo420 East 64th Street E3G       Upper East Side$635,000113800Condop812 Riverside Drive36Washington Heights$635,000214900Condo425 East 63rd Street E12D      Upper East Side$630,888214900Condop20 East 35th Street 10E       Murray Hill$620,000113800Co-op151 East 83rd Street 6G        Upper East Side$600,000113900Co-op215 West 95th Street 12A       Upper West Side$599,000113650Condo440 East 56th Street 5F        Sutton Area$595,0001141,000Co-op314 East 41st Street PH3       Murray Hill$595,000113600Co-op161 East 90th Street 6A        Upper East Side$580,00011.53.5900Co-op52 East 78th Street 2A        Upper East Side$575,000113600Co-op520 East 76th Street 2F        Upper East Side$570,000113800Co-op52 East 78th Street 5D        Upper East Side$557,500113Co-op325 East 41st Street 404       Murray Hill$555,000113.5700Co-op321 East 43rd Street PH8       Midtown East$550,000113750Co-op325 East 41st Street 905       Murray Hill$549,000224.51,150Co-op7 East 85th Street 6A        Upper East Side$545,000214Co-op420 East 64th Street E5J       Upper East Side$540,000113750Condop333 East 43rd Street 603       Midtown East$535,000113Co-op165 East 32nd Street 15A       Murray Hill$535,000113700Co-op5 Tudor City Place 1111      Murray Hill$525,000113550Co-op341 West 87th Street 2R        Upper West Side$515,000114430Co-op325 East 41st Street 102       Murray Hill$515,000113700Co-op2025 Broadway 26F       Upper West Side$515,000113600Co-op325 East 41st Street 108       Murray Hill$510,000113725Co-op420 East 64th Street E12A      Upper East Side$510,000113Condop10 East End Avenue 1B        Upper East Side$500,000113850Co-op372 Fifth Avenue 7M        Murray Hill$500,000114850Co-op420 East 64th Street 10G       Upper East Side$495,000113800Condop200 East 24th Street 610       Gramercy$490,000113600Co-op200 East 24th Street707Gramercy$475,000113625Co-op341 West 87th Street 3R        Upper West Side$470,000113700Co-op710 West End Avenue14CUpper West Side$465,000113.5800Co-op325 East 41st Street 1005      Murray Hill$460,0002241,150Co-op314 East 41st Street 401B      Murray Hill$458,000214900Co-op5 Tudor City Place 512       Murray Hill$445,000113500Co-op400 East 59th Street 8G        Sutton Area$430,000113700Co-op235 East 57th Street 17E       Midtown East$425,000214900Co-op301 East 69th Street 8J        Upper East Side$425,000Studio12600Co-op240 East 46th Street 5G        Midtown East$410,000113.5740Condo509 East 77th Street 4A        Upper East Side$400,000113375Co-op160 East 91st Street 3H        Upper East Side$399,000113Co-op333 East 43rd Street 220       Midtown East$399,000113600Co-op166 East 35th Street 14D       Murray Hill$391,000Studio12.5550Co-op410 Central Park West 4A        Upper West Side$390,00021.54.51,200Co-op10 East End Avenue 1B        Upper East Side$389,000113850Co-op341 West 87th Street 3F        Upper West Side$380,000113500Co-op166 East 35th Street 6G        Murray Hill$365,000113.5750Co-op300 East 93rd Street 30E       Upper East Side$355,000113650Condo153 Clinton Avenue 3C        Fort Greene$350,000214700Co-op520 East 76th Street 11B       Upper East Side$350,000Studio12.5Co-op325 East 41st Street 703       Murray Hill$349,000Studio11350Co-op301 East 69th Street 7N        Upper East Side$349,000Studio12500Co-op270 Jay Street2ABrooklyn Heights$340,000Studio12.5475Co-op314 East 41st Street PH2       Murray Hill$305,000Studio12440Co-op166 East 35th Street 14D       Murray Hill$251,500Studio12.5550Co-op321 East 43rd Street 203       Midtown East$241,000Studio12Co-op10 Park Avenue                                    Murray Hill$226,00011.5Townhouse110 East 36th Street 8E        Murray Hill$225,000Studio12.5450Co-op25 Tudor City Place 203       Murray Hill$205,000Studio12Co-op339 East 58th Street 10H       Midtown East$180,000Studio11400Co-op345 East 52nd Street9HSutton Area$132,000113750Co-op321 East 43rd Street 906       Midtown East$120,000Studio12325Co-op200 West 56th Street Midtown West$40,000123700Condo138-140 W. 124th Street9BHarlem22.551,765Condo205 E. 76th Street4Upper East Side3361,716Condo150 Columbus Avenue18EUpper West Side11.53822Condo148 W. 23rd Street7AChelsea/Hudson Yards2241,100Co-op205 E. 76th Street4Upper East Side3361,716Condo8 E. 83rd Street6GUpper East Side224Co-op138 W. 124th Street9BHarlem22.551,765Condo315 Riverside Drive11BUpper West Side2241,200Co-op229 E. 79th Street15AUpper East Side326Co-op















Showing rented in 

any neighborhood

any neighborhood
Chelsea/Hudson Yards
DUMBO/Vinegar Hill
East Village
Fort Greene
Gramercy
Harlem
Midtown East
Midtown West
Murray Hill
Tribeca
Upper East Side
Upper West Side


sorted by  

price 

price
neighborhood
type of home
square feet
beds
address











Address
Unit
Neighborhood
Price
Beds
Baths
Rooms
Sq. Ft.
Type


225 West 86th Street 415       Upper West Side$16,00043.572,200Rental Building51 WALKER ST 8A        Tribeca$11,1002241,556Condo259 West 90th Street 1         Upper West Side$10,50033.562,500Rental Building200 East 66th Street D8-04     Upper East Side$10,0002241,487Condo51 WALKER ST 8A        Tribeca$10,0002241,556Condo322 West 57th Street 15D       Midtown West$8,9002241,292Condo347 East 19th Street 1         Gramercy$8,5004362,000Rental Building312 East 51st Street PH        Midtown East$8,500437.52,300Rental Building115 Fourth Avenue 2F        East Village$8,000224.51,800Condo181 East 90th Street 4B        Upper East Side$7,60022.54.51,475Condo181 East 90th Street 4B        Upper East Side$6,90022.54.51,475Condo115 Fourth Avenue 2F        East Village$6,800224.51,800Condo252 Seventh Avenue 7T        Chelsea/Hudson Yards$6,000Studio12900Condo200 East 66th Street E203      Upper East Side$5,700113919Condo252 Seventh Avenue 7T        Chelsea/Hudson Yards$3,900Studio12900Condo66 Water Street 4C        DUMBO/Vinegar Hill$3,7621241,822Rental Building220 Riverside Blvd 15C       Upper West Side$3,500113783Condo220 Riverside Blvd 15C       Upper West Side$3,400113783Condo203 West 122nd Street 2         Harlem$3,4002251,020Condo220 Riverside Blvd 15C       Upper West Side$3,350113783Condo324 East 41st Street 303C      Murray Hill$3,200214900Co-op324 East 41st Street 303C      Murray Hill$3,200214900Co-op321 East 43rd Street 712       Midtown East$3,000214800Co-op321 East 43rd Street 712       Midtown East$3,000214800Co-op415 East 37th Street 8L        Murray Hill$3,000113771Condo374 Vanderbilt Avenue 2         Fort Greene$2,9501251,800Rental Building310 East 46th Street 6C        Midtown East$2,800113850Condop110 East 36th Street 8D        Murray Hill$2,700Studio12.5525Co-op250 West 89th Street 11B       Upper West Side$2,450113700Condop203 West 122nd Street 2         Harlem$2,4002251,020Condo404 East 76th Street 2N        Upper East Side$2,400Studio12471Condo312 East 51st Street 2B        Midtown East$2,350113500Rental Building333 East 43rd Street 722       Midtown East$2,300214700Co-op250 West 89th Street 11B       Upper West Side$2,200113700Condop259 West 90th Street 3R        Upper West Side$2,200Studio12450Rental Building259 West 90th Street 3F        Upper West Side$2,100Studio12500Rental Building259 West 90th Street 3R        Upper West Side$2,000Studio12450Rental Building166 East 35th Street 16A       Murray Hill$1,900Studio12350Co-op25 Tudor City Place 203       Murray Hill$1,600Studio12Co-op25 Tudor City Place 203       Murray Hill$1,575Studio12Co-op151 East 80th StreetUpper East Side348Condo













About Thomas

                                - Ranked among New York’s top producing brokers- Tens of millions of dollars in contracts signed quarterly- Represents New York's most exclusive clientele and propertiesWhen you want the advantage, it makes sense to work with someone who has the experience. Thomas Di Domenico - a high energy, highly-driven Corcoran Group real estate specialist - is ready to put his expertise and his team to work for you. Thomas Di Domenico has been a high profile player within the industry, winning year after year the coveted Corcoran Multi-Million Dollar Circle Award. He has traveled the country as well as the globe and understands first hand the cultural balance and individual requirements of his clients. Through his extensive experience one principal prevails: to provide top quality services while delivering exceptional results. 


					
                                Since 1981, Mr. Di Domenico has made sales and services his priorities, establishing successful client rapports and effectively marketing products to their optimal audiences. Thomas devotes the same generous attention to each individual with whom he works. Knowledgeable, progressive and result-oriented, no one is better equipped to carefully and responsibly handle your real estate needs. Multi-faceted, Mr. Di Domenico thrives on diligence and commitment. An impeccable record and rare qualities make him a leader in the New York Real Estate Community. 







Press Mentions

April 14, 2017
Luxe Upper East Side Condo Returns to Market With 40% Discount
— Mansion Global


April 13, 2017
Upper East Side
— New York Times HOMES


December 21, 2016
New Listings:  Flatiron



Read All Press Mentions








The Domenico Team






Stephen              Morgan
Email me








Joel                 Dommel
Email me








Gary                 Castaneda
Email me
















Education


Class of 1981
Villanova




Experience

22 Years in Real Estate
25 Years in Senior Management





Awards


2016 Gold Council


2015 Multi-Million Dollar Club


Top Sales Team - January 2016




Memberships & Clubs

Executive Association of New York
Mentoring USA, Board Member
Corporate Solutions NY
EANYC Board Member
REBNY Residential Brokerage Eastside Committee
Corcoran Cares





Interests

Architecture
Historic Preservation
Theater
Real Estate Investing
Design
Culinary Arts








Thomas has proven to be an invaluable resource to us in navigating NY and other markets. After working with Thomas and his team on several sales and purchases, we consider him a trusted advisor whose integrity & market knowledge are unparalleled. 
— Jonathan Gordon, Esq., Buyer 


Thomas is the most capable and conscientious broker that I have dealt with in 30+ years of practice. His business background gives him the know how to make a deal successful, actively participating every step of the way from contract until closing.
— Howard Forman, Esq.- Real Estate Attorney , Client 



Thomas has an uncanny knowledge of the real estate market, works tirelessly, understands clients' needs and is always available to answer their questions. On every transation he and his team work pro-actively on their client's behalf. 
— Dave Dessner- Mortgage Broker, Client 


Tom marketed my apartment with a high level of expertise and I recieved several offers, incluing the full price, which I accepted. It was only due to Tom's deft and tactful handling of every possible glitch that the sale went through. 
— Linda Berry, Seller 



2 More Recommendations



















About Us
Relocation
Advice
Careers
Press
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Fair Housing Policy
Contact

Copyright © 2017 The Corcoran Group. All Rights Reserved.
660 Madison Ave New York, NY 10065 | 800.544.4055 | 212.355.3550 | Fax: 212.223.6381 | info@corcoran.com
Real Estate Agents affiliated with The Corcoran Group are independent contractor sales associates and are not employees of The Corcoran Group.











Printable Floorplan

|
Previous
|
1 of 1
|
Next





Interested? Contact the agent to learn more about this property.







Printable Floorplan

Thanks, your question has been sent to the agent. A response should be sent shortly.




DOWNLOAD SETUP






What would you like to know about this home?





To: 


Your Question





We will keep your information private. Learn More




Thanks, your question has been sent to the agent. A response should be sent shortly.




















See all rates








































Thomas M Corcoran Inc                                                                                                    - Milton                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Milton



Single-Family Housing Construction



New Construction, Single-family Houses



                            Thomas M Corcoran Inc
                                    



 





















T 


Thomas M Corcoran Inc                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



480 ADAMS ST STE 208 MILTON, MA 02186
Get Directions



(617) 696-6260
www.corcorancorp.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1986
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $232,666.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries New Construction, Single-family Houses
 Contacts Thomas Corcoran                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1986 the company has been providing New Construction, Single-family Houses. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
































CORCORAN v. SEARS ROEBUCK AND COMPANY | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
New Jersey
Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division
CORCORAN v. SEARS ROEBUCK AND COMPANY

CORCORAN v. SEARS ROEBUCK AND COMPANY




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







Superior Court of New Jersey,Appellate Division.
Thomas CORCORAN, Plaintiff-Appellant/ Cross-Respondent, v. SEARS ROEBUCK AND COMPANY, Defendant-Respondent/ Cross-Appellant.

    Decided: June 03, 1998

		Before Judges DREIER, KEEFE and PAUL G. LEVY.Charles R. Melli, Jr., for appellant/cross-respondent (Melli & Wright, attorneys;  Brian E. Lutness, on the brief). Joseph DiRienzo, Fanwood, for respondent/cross-appellant (DiRienzo & Wallerstein, attorneys;  Mr. DiRienzo and James S. Rehberger, on the brief).
The opinion of the court was delivered byPlaintiff, Thomas Corcoran, sustained a severe injury to his left eye while using a pair of needle nose pliers sold by defendant Sears Roebuck Corporation and manufactured by Western Forge.   Plaintiff sued defendant alleging a manufacturing defect.   A jury  found in favor of defendant, finding no manufacturing defect.   Plaintiff appeals and defendant cross-appeals.Plaintiff contends on appeal that the judge erred in:  1) denying plaintiff's motion to introduce into evidence the expert report of Martin Glickman, Ph.D., an expert retained but not called by the defense, as an adoptive admission;  2) improperly instructing the jury as to the use of circumstantial evidence to prove a manufacturing defect;  3) allowing defendant's expert to rely upon inadmissible hearsay concerning the manufacturing and quality control processes in effect at Western Forge in 1980;  and 4) precluding plaintiff's counsel from cross-examining defendant's expert as to federal specifications which were not adopted by defendant as part of its own manufacturing specifications.   We find no trial error warranting our intervention and affirm the judgment under review.   Accordingly, we need not address the issues presented in the cross-appeal.The accident occurred on October 21, 1990, while plaintiff was working in his father's driveway attempting to replace the rear brakes on his friend's station wagon.   Plaintiff used his father's tools to perform the brake job.   He testified that he used the subject needle nose pliers, which he described as being in “[g]ood condition,” to remove without incident the brake springs from the brake assembly.   Once the springs were out, plaintiff was able to remove the brake shoes.   Plaintiff then began to replace the brake shoes by reversing the process.While seated on a tire, plaintiff looked to see if the brake spring was aligned with the assembly, thereby placing his eye in line with, and within inches of, the spring.   He held the needle nose pliers in his left hand, gripped the spring at approximately the pliers' eighth serration, and pulled the spring from left to right, towards his face, in an effort to reconnect the spring between the brake shoe and the brake self-adjuster.   According to plaintiff, at that moment the pliers “broke,” causing them to release from the spring and hit him in the left eye. Plaintiff's father immediately drove plaintiff to the hospital.   The emergency admission record indicated:  “patient states a pair of needle nose pliers slipped and penetrated [his left] eyeball.”   Plaintiff later denied making that statement.Upon returning home, plaintiff retrieved the needle nose pliers, which his friend had placed back in plaintiff's father's tool box, and brought the pliers to his bedroom where it remained for approximately one year to eighteen months.   Plaintiff testified that he was unable to find the 1/8-inch section of the jaw tip that had broken off the pliers.The pliers involved in this incident was manufactured by Western Forge in 1980, and sold by defendant under the Craftsman brand.   Defendant admitted that the pliers had “an indefinite life provided ․ [it was] properly used and cared for.”Peter Elliot, plaintiff's expert in the areas of failure analysis, metallurgy and forensic engineering, testified that the pliers was defective when manufactured.   He explained that when he examined the pliers in 1992, 1/8-inch of one of the jaws, from the tip to approximately the third serration of the pliers, was missing.   He also observed that the pliers was dirty and had “bits of surface rusting and general deterioration.”   The fractured surface was covered with corrosion and very little of the original fractured surface was left for examination.   He said his finding was consistent with the pliers having been stored in a garage-type environment for approximately eighteen months.   Elliot testified that the rust corrosion found on the pliers did not have an effect upon the mechanical behavior of the tool or cause the fracture.   The corrosion, in his opinion, occurred after the fracture.   Elliot also observed that the fractured surface had some “superficial” damage which, in his opinion, also occurred after the fracture.   According to Elliot this damage was consistent with wear and tear caused by other tools coming in contact or rubbing against the pliers.   He did not observe any evidence of prior abuse of the tool.   Elliot's findings, attributed to post fracture occurrences, were at odds with plaintiff's testimony that the pliers were isolated and kept in  his room after the accident, if, as plaintiff contended, the pliers broke on the date of the accident.After observing the pliers, Elliot removed loose debris and some of the rust.   He then cut a small segment off the end of the broken jaw and examined that segment under an electron microscope.   He observed a series of small quench cracks and voids.   The tip of the unfractured jaw was also removed and examined under the electron microscope.   He also found small quench cracks on the unbroken tip.Elliot explained that quench cracks were caused when metal, in this case steel, is heated and then quickly cooled.   In his opinion, the quench cracks were caused by the improper quenching or heat treatment of the pliers.   He determined that the surface features of the broken part of the pliers were typical of a brittle fracture or a “a sharp break” with no corresponding evidence of stretching.   According to Elliot, a brittle fracture “occurs without warning” and is “very quick.”   It results from “some fault” in the heat treatment of the pliers.Elliot also conducted hardness measurements on the pliers and determined that the tool did not deviate from the American National Standard Institute (“ANSI”) standards.   Additionally, the metallurgical properties were consistent with good metallurgical standards.   He admitted that he had not conducted any tests on the pliers to determine whether the cracks he had discovered were sufficiently deep to cause a brittle fracture.In contrast, Douglas McKittrick, an employee of Western Forge and defendant's expert in metallurgy and metallurgical testing, testified that the pliers was properly heat-treated and did not contain quench cracks or other manufacturing defects.   McKittrick first examined the pliers in 1994, after Elliot cut off the tips.   He observed that the pliers contained surface imperfections, that are common in forged tools.   He said that the imperfections are not quench cracks, did not constitute a manufacturing defect, and would not cause the pliers to break. As part of McKittrick's testimony, a slide show was presented to the jury to demonstrate the method by which pliers were manufactured at the time of the trial.   According to McKittrick, Western Forge was using the same furnaces at the time of trial that had been used in 1980, when the pliers were manufactured.   The furnaces had high temperature thermometers to record the temperature inside the furnace.   The pliers were initially heated to 1550 degrees Fahrenheit, then dropped into oil which quickly cools the steel to 150 degrees Fahrenheit and changes the molecular structure of the steel from austenite to martinsite.  “Martinsite is the hardest structure that you can form in any steel.”As the steel cools it does not contract like most other materials, but rather expands.   The outside layer of the metal part of the pliers cools and hardens first into a hard outer shell.   A quench crack occurs when there is an imperfection in the hard outer layer which allows the cooling inner layer to expand out.   McKittrick testified that quench cracks are large, not microscopic, and follow the grain structure of the steel down towards the center of the metal.   According to McKittrick, “the last place” you would expect to see a quench crack is across the tip of the jaw of the pliers, because that area is relatively thin and would cool down at approximately the same rate.   Thus, quench cracks would usually occur in the thicker part of the tool.McKittrick concluded that a ductile fracture occurred in this case.   Such fractures are not caused by quench cracks, but rather by an “overload condition” or “prying” with the tip of the pliers.   McKittrick explained that needle nose pliers are not designed for prying.   Normal use of the pliers would not cause the tip to fracture in such a manner.   Moreover, in his opinion, had the pliers been defectively manufactured they would not have lasted ten years before failing.Additionally, McKittrick agreed with plaintiff's expert's opinion that the corrosion that had accumulated over the fractured surface had been formed as a result of exposure to a garage-type environment.   However, because plaintiff had testified that the pliers had  been stored in his bedroom after the accident, McKittrick opined that the fracture and the corrosion must have occurred before the date of the accident.I.Plaintiff argues that the trial judge erred in denying his motion to introduce into evidence the expert report of Martin Glickman, Ph.D., an expert retained but not called by the defense.   Plaintiff proposed to offer the report of Glickman as an adoptive admission pursuant to N.J.R.E. 803(b)(2), because defendant supplied it in reply to an interrogatory and did not expressly state that the report was not an adoptive admission.   Plaintiff also argues the trial judge erred in denying his application to use Glickman's report in his cross-examination of McKittrick.A.Defendant responded to plaintiff's interrogatory 39, in which plaintiff had requested information regarding defendant's experts, that it had not “decided which, if any, person(s) it expects to call as an expert witness,” and reserved “the right to supplement.”   Subsequently, in a letter dated June 13, 1995, defense counsel, without referring to any specific interrogatory, wrote to plaintiff's counsel:Enclosed please find a copy of the expert report of Martin E. Glickman, Ph.D. The defendant ․ hereby amends its answers to interrogatories to include this report and name Dr. Glickman as an expert who may be called to testify at the time of trial.   I have also orally conferred with Dr. Glickman concerning the presence of quench cracks and he advises that based on his observations he finds no sign of quench cracks and therefore this issue was not included in his report.In his report, Glickman wrote that the metallurgical structure of the pliers was “fully consistent with the ANSI specifications and the observed hardness values measured by the plaintiff's expert.”   He concluded that the pliers was “properly heat treated,” and the fracture was caused by a reasonably fit man squeezing forcefully on the steel brake spring and pulling the spring against one of the jaws of the pliers.   Glickman also concluded that [t]he ductile [not brittle] overload fracture of this pliers tip occurred suddenly, and without warning;  the user would have had little or no chance to detect the onset of the impending fracture.   Upon fracturing, the pulling force was released suddenly, unbalancing the applied forces.   The user, caught unaware, could not adjust the pulling force quickly enough, thereby allowing acceleration towards his face of the pliers and his hand and arm.   Thus, the plaintiff's description of the subsequent accident seems entirely consistent with the fracture of the pliers tip and its sequelae.Plaintiff requested that he be permitted to refer to Glickman's report in his opening statement and informed the court that he intended to offer it into evidence as an adoptive admission.   Defense counsel maintained that he had informed plaintiff that Glickman was withdrawn as an expert.   Glickman was apparently withdrawn because he had refused to conduct tests on pliers to support his conclusion that the pliers could be broken by squeezing on a hard object and also because McKittrick disagreed with that conclusion. The trial judge held that Glickman's report was not an adoptive admission.   We agree with the trial judge.   Expert's reports are statements but, unlike answers to interrogatories, are not statements of a party and therefore cannot be treated as an admission simply because a party furnished them in discovery.  Skibinski v. Smith, 206 N.J.Super. 349, 353, 502 A.2d 1154 (App.Div.1985).   The reports themselves are hearsay and generally are not admissible.  Hill v. Cochran, 175 N.J.Super. 542, 546-47, 420 A.2d 1038 (App.Div.1980). N.J.R.E. 803(b), however, provides an exception to the hearsay rule for(b) A statement offered against a party which is:․(2) a statement whose content the party has adopted by word or conduct or in whose truth the party has manifested belief․An expert's report can be admissible as an adoptive admission of a party pursuant to N.J.R.E. 803(b)(2) in some instances when the party provides the report in response to specific interrogatories and thus adopts the contents as its admission.  Ratner v. General Motors Corp., 241 N.J.Super. 197, 201 n. 2, 574 A.2d 541 (App.Div.1990);  Skibinski, supra, 206 N.J.Super. at 354, 502 A.2d 1154;  Mehalick v. Schwartz, 223 N.J.Super. 259, 262, 538 A.2d 458 (Law Div.1987).In determining whether the submission of an expert's report is an adoptive admission, courts have focused on the wording of the interrogatory.   For example, in Skibinski, supra, this court held that the plaintiff's attachment of the expert's report to his answers to interrogatories did not constitute an adoptive admission, because the interrogatories propounded by the defendants had merely contained a request for a copy of an expert's report.   Ibid. Thus, we held that a response to that interrogatory did “not produce admissions that can be used to limit the expert's testimony at trial.”   Ibid.Similarly, in Mehalick v. Schwartz, supra, the defendant doctor in a medical malpractice case sought to introduce the plaintiffs' expert report in evidence.   The court held the report was inadmissible and explained that the interrogatories served by the defendant “simply asked for the names and addresses of expert witnesses, the subject matter on which the expert was to testify, a summary of the grounds for each opinion, and for a copy of the report pursuant to R. 4:17-4(a).”  Id. at 263, 538 A.2d 458.  “The interrogatory as worded did not ask for factual information from plaintiff which was within plaintiff's knowledge as in Sallo [v. Sabatino, 146 N.J.Super. 416, 419, 370 A.2d 25 (App.Div.1976) ], but rather asked for the opinion to be given by the expert and as a result cannot be considered as an adoptive admission of plaintiffs.”  223 N.J.Super. at 263, 538 A.2d 458.Here plaintiff asked for “the substance of the facts and opinions as to which the expert is expected to testify” in interrogatory 39(b), and thus, if defendant had responded “see attached expert's report” to that interrogatory, Glickman's report would have constituted an adoptive admission.  Skibinski, supra, 206 N.J.Super. at 354, 502 A.2d 1154.   But defendant never responded to interrogatory 39 by referring to Glickman's report, and therefore it did not constitute an adoptive admission. There is nothing in defendant's correspondence indicating that defendant adopted the contents of Glickman's report.   Moreover, there is no indication that defendant submitted that report in response to any specific interrogatory-for example, to question 39(b) which asked for the facts and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify, or to 39(c) which asked for a summary of the basis for each opinion.   Defendant might have been simply responding to question 39(e), which simply asked for copies of all experts' reports.If plaintiff wanted to determine whether defendant was adopting Glickman's report, he could have moved for more specific answers to interrogatories.   R. 4:23-1.   If he had, and if defendant had responded to interrogatory 39, “see my expert's report,” or answered 39(b) using the content of Glickman's report, the report or answer would have been admissible.   Plaintiff, however, did not move to compel defendant to do so;  thus, the trial judge properly held that the report was inadmissible under the adoptive admission exception to the hearsay rule.  N.J.R.E. 803(b)(2);  Skibinski, supra. Nevertheless, plaintiff argues that defendant's failure to include a disclaimer that the report was not an adoptive admission in its letter of June 13, 1995, compels the conclusion that defendant was relying upon the report and that it was an adoptive admission.   A party may include “[a]n expression that the party does not adopt the report” and such an expression “is a sufficient disclaimer of the report.”  Serrano v. Levitsky, 215 N.J.Super. 454, 458, 521 A.2d 1377 (Law Div.1986).   That is not to say however, that the failure to include a disclaimer automatically converts the report to an adoptive admission.   Plaintiff provides no authority for that proposition, and we fail to find a basis for it in the principles that undergird N.J.R.E. 803(b) or our case law.B.Next, plaintiff argues that the trial judge erred in denying his application to use Glickman's report in his cross-examination of  McKittrick.   During the trial, the judge conducted a N.J.R.E. 104 hearing to determine if McKittrick had relied upon Glickman's report in formulating his conclusions.In McKittrick's initial report submitted to plaintiff in November 1994, he concluded that there were “no manufacturing or metallurgical defects present in the [pliers],” and that “[t]he failure of the tool was not associated with a quench crack.”   However, McKittrick stated that he was “unable to form a final opinion on the cause of failure of the tool in question as several important pieces of information are not available.”   He noted that if the portion of the pliers that had been cut could be removed from its plastic casing, which it ultimately was, then “additional information could be gathered to help in the formation of a final opinion.”McKittrick also testified at the hearing that he had received Glickman's report at least by June 1995 and admitted that he had reviewed the report and that some of Glickman's comments had confirmed his initial opinions.   McKittrick testified, however, that he had not relied upon Glickman's report in formulating his conclusions, essentially because he disagreed with Glickman's conclusion that a reasonably fit man could fracture the tip of the pliers by squeezing on a hard object.   McKittrick testified that “[m]y experience using these tools told me that these tools don't fail in that manner.”   As such, McKittrick testified that he had disagreed with Glickman's conclusion that plaintiff's description of the accident was “entirely consistent with the fracture of the pliers' tips.”   He also disagreed with some of the methodology used by Glickman, and stated that Glickman's assumptions on the strength and hardness of the material used to make the pliers were not consistent with Western Forge's testing.After receiving Glickman's report, McKittrick performed testing to determine if a person could break the tips of the pliers by squeezing and pulling a spring and found that it could not be done.   McKittrick testified that before he had conducted those tests he was of the opinion that the pliers would not fail, and it did not. The trial judge denied plaintiff's motion to permit him to use Glickman's report for purposes of cross-examination.   The judge found that McKittrick had not relied upon Glickman's report in formulating his opinions, and thus, it was not admissible to impeach McKittrick's credibility.   Plaintiff was therefore precluded from admitting Glickman's report because it was “impermissible hearsay,” that is, an opinion that could not be tested by cross-examination. It is improper to cross-examine a witness about inadmissible hearsay documents upon which the expert has not relied in forming his opinion.  State v. Pennington, 119 N.J. 547, 577-83, 575 A.2d 816 (1990), overruled on other grounds by State v. Brunson, 132 N.J. 377, 625 A.2d 1085 (1993).   Because the trial judge's finding that McKittrick did not rely upon Glickman's report in forming his conclusion was supported by the evidence taken at the N.J.R.E. 104 hearing, the trial judge did not abuse his discretion in precluding plaintiff from cross-examining McKittrick on the contents of Glickman's report.In an analogous case, Crispin v. Volkswagenwerk AG, 248 N.J.Super. 540, 551-52, 591 A.2d 966 (App.Div.), certif. denied, 126 N.J. 385, 599 A.2d 162 (1991), we held that the trial judge did not err in precluding the defense attorney from questioning the plaintiff's expert in a products liability case concerning conclusions reached in a government agency's report.   The court found that although plaintiff's expert had supervised the product testing described in the report while he was employed by the agency, “he did not participate in the preparation of the ‘conclusions' and ‘final observations' of the ․ report.”  Id. at 551, 591 A.2d 966.   Additionally, the report was released to the public after the expert had left the agency, the expert “was not aware of the fact that the report had been issued[,] and [the expert] disagreed strenuously with the conclusions contained in the document.”  Id. at 551-52, 591 A.2d 966.Even if we were to conclude that McKittrick had relied upon Glickman's opinion in formulating his conclusions, reversal is not  warranted because plaintiff cannot show prejudice.   R. 2:10-2.   It must be remembered that Glickman stated in his report that the pliers had been properly heat-treated, complied with ANSI hardness specifications, and did not contain quench cracks.   Thus, Glickman's conclusions were contrary to plaintiff's expert's conclusions and did not support plaintiff's theory that the pliers had been improperly manufactured.   While Glickman's conclusion that a reasonably fit person could break the pliers by pulling on them, and “the plaintiff's description of the subsequent accident seems entirely consistent with the fracture of the pliers' tip” to support a design defect theory, that theory was not presented by plaintiff in this case.   Thus, the evidence was irrelevant as to plaintiff's liability theory.II.Plaintiff argues, as plain error, that the trial judge's charge on the use of circumstantial evidence to prove a manufacturing defect was erroneous and confusing.During the charge conference, the trial judge stated that he intended to charge the jury in accord with Model Jury Charge (Civil) § 5.34(c) (1989), entitled “Manufacturing Defect,” which provides as follows:A manufacturing defect may be established by proof that as a result of a defect or flaw which happened during production or while in defendant's control, the product failed to perform safely.You must decide what the condition of the product as planned should have been according to defendant's design specifications or performance standards and what its condition was as it was made.   If you find there is no difference between the two conditions, then you cannot say there was a manufacturing defect.   If there was a difference, you must decide if that difference made the product not reasonably safe for its intended or reasonably foreseeable uses.   If the answer is “yes” then you have found the product to be defective.   Plaintiff need not prove that defendant knew of the defect nor that defendant caused the defect to occur.In judging whether there was a manufacturing defect in the (product), this may be shown to you by the plaintiff in one of three ways.   First of all, it may be demonstrated by direct evidence, such as a defective part.   Secondly, you may infer that there was a defect by reasoning from the circumstances and facts shown.   Third, if you find from the evidence that there is no other cause for the accident other than a manufacturing defect, you may find a defect existed. Defendant objected to the charge on the ground that plaintiff had failed to present any evidence from which the jury could infer that there was a defect.   Plaintiff, however, did not object to the charge.   The trial judge overruled defendant's objection.   The judge's charge was substantially similar to Model Jury Charge (Civil) § 5.34(c), supra, and was also substantially in accord with plaintiff's request to charge.Plaintiff now argues that the judge's charge was confusing because the jury “might have believed that plaintiff had to prove that there existed a specific difference or defect from the design specification or performance standards in order to find a manufacturing defect.”   Plaintiff contends the trial judge should have “told the jury in the alternative, if the plaintiff could not or did not prove a specific defect they could infer from circumstantial evidence that there was a defect.”It is fair to infer from plaintiff's failure to object to the charge that, in the context of the trial, any confusion created by the instruction which went unnoticed by skilled counsel was equally insignificant from the jury's perspective.  State v. Macon, 57 N.J. 325, 333, 273 A.2d 1 (1971);  Graves v. Church & Dwight Co., 267 N.J.Super. 445, 465, 631 A.2d 1248 (App.Div.), certif. denied, 134 N.J. 566, 636 A.2d 523 (1993).   Nevertheless, some discussion is warranted to determine whether there was plain error, that is, error “clearly capable of producing an unjust result.”   R. 2:10-2. “[I]n a products liability case the injured plaintiff is not required to prove a specific manufacturer's defect.”  Moraca v. Ford Motor Co., 66 N.J. 454, 458, 332 A.2d 599 (1975);  accord Consalo v. General Motors, 258 N.J.Super. 60, 64, 609 A.2d 75 (App.Div.) (explaining that an “inability to prove a defect by direct evidence is not fatal to a plaintiff's case”), certif. denied, 130 N.J. 597, 617 A.2d 1220 (1992).  “If the proofs permit an inference that the accident was caused by some defect, whether identifiable or not, a jury issue as to liability is presented.”  Moraca, supra, 66 N.J. at 458, 332 A.2d 599. Thus, where direct evidence is unavailable, “a plaintiff may prove a defect either by circumstantial evidence which would permit an inference that a dangerous and defective condition existed prior to sale, or by negating other causes in order to make it reasonable to infer that a dangerous condition existed while defendant had control of the product.”   Consalo, supra, 258 N.J.Super. at 64, 609 A.2d 75 (citing Suter v. San Angelo Foundry & Mach. Co., 81 N.J. 150, 170, 406 A.2d 140 (1979)).   “[A]dditional circumstantial evidence, such as proof of proper use, handling or operation of the product and the nature of the malfunction, may be enough to satisfy the requirement that something was wrong with it.”  Scanlon v. General Motors Corp., 65 N.J. 582, 591, 326 A.2d 673 (1974). The trial judge correctly charged the jury that it could “infer that there was a defect by reasoning from the circumstances and facts shown.”   Contrary to plaintiff's representation, the judge did not charge the jury that “plaintiff must establish a specific defect,” although a manufacturing defect can be established by direct evidence and plaintiff attempted to prove as much.The trial judge charged the jury substantially in accord with the model charge to the effect that plaintiff could establish a manufacturing defect “in one of three ways:  first of all, it may be demonstrated by direct evidence[,] such as a defective part;  secondly, you may infer that there was a defect from the circumstances and facts shown;  third, if you find from the evidence that there is no cause for the accident other than a manufacturing defect, you may find a defect existed.”   In our view the instructions gave plaintiff more than the facts warranted.III.Plaintiff argues that the trial judge erred in allowing McKittrick to testify as to the manufacturing and quality control processes in effect in 1980 because such testimony was based upon inadmissible hearsay. McKittrick admitted that he had been employed at Western Forge only since 1990, while the pliers involved in this case were manufactured in 1980.   He admitted that there were no written records describing the quality assurance procedures utilized in 1980, nor were there any records to show whether the batch from which the subject pliers came were tested.In the absence of written documents, McKittrick derived his knowledge from talking to people who had worked for Western Forge in 1980.   He said that it was a “part of [his] job ․ to know what [everyone was] doing at Western Forge.”   As such, he became “quite familiar with the quality procedures,” including hardness testing that was followed in 1980.According to McKittrick, Western Forge had been conducting hardness tests on its tools for years, and some of its hardness testers dated “back before anybody in [the] courtroom was ․ born.”   He learned through his inquiry that in 1980, the year these pliers were manufactured, hardness testing was done on samples from every batch of pliers to determine if they were properly heat treated.   If any of the test pliers failed the hardness testing the whole batch was “quarantined.”Plaintiff's objection to the admission of McKittrick's testimony as to the quality control procedures employed by Western Forge in 1980, on the ground that it was inadmissible hearsay, was overruled.   On appeal, plaintiff contends that the hearsay upon which McKittrick relied in the subject portion of his testimony “should have been excluded as it does not meet or fall within any of the exceptions to the hearsay rule under N.J.R.E. 803 or N.J.R.E. 804.”   No other authority is cited in support of plaintiff's argument. Plaintiff fails to consider the provisions of N.J.R.E. 703.   McKittrick was both an employee of defendant and an expert witness in the case.   Accordingly, as an expert he was permitted to rely upon facts constituting hearsay, so long as they are “of a type reasonably relied upon by experts in the particular field in  forming opinions or inferences upon the subject.”  Ibid. The hearsay statements so considered are not admitted to establish the truth of their contents, but to apprise the jury of the basis of the expert's opinion.  Blanks v. Murphy, 268 N.J.Super. 152, 163-64, 632 A.2d 1264 (App.Div.1993).An expert need not rely solely upon documentary hearsay statements in order to qualify under the rule.   It is equally permissible to rely upon “interviews” and “discussions” with persons having relevant knowledge for the formation of an opinion.  Ryan v. KDI Sylvan Pools, Inc., 121 N.J. 276, 281-89, 579 A.2d 1241 (1990);  State v. Smith, 262 N.J.Super. 487, 521, 621 A.2d 493 (App.Div.), certif. denied 134 N.J. 476, 634 A.2d 523 (1993).   McKittrick's conversations with co-employees concerning the production and quality control process in 1980 were in the nature of the “interviews” and “discussions” that were the subject of the foregoing cases.   Had the objection been focused on N.J.R.E. 703 at the time of trial, the judge would have been alerted to inquire into the issue of whether experts in the field, about which the McKittrick was testifying, reasonably rely on information of that type.   Ryan, supra, 121 N.J. at 289, 579 A.2d 1241.   As the record stands, there was no such inquiry because the objection was not properly focused.   Thus, we examine the issue in the context of plain error. McKittrick testified that he was employed by Western Forge in the capacity of a metallurgical engineer and product safety officer.   In that capacity he was involved in material selection and “recipes for how our material's (sic) supposed to be heat treated and annealed.”   His duties took him to “the production floor and getting [his] hands dirty, looking at parts.”   Another function he performs is “to appear in court and talk technically about what we do and explain what we do.”   In specific reference to his familiarity with the procedures in use in 1980, McKittrick explained that he learned them “as part of my job,” only a part of which is testifying as an expert.   In light of the fact that defendant's record retention policy was such that actual quality control  records for that period would have been destroyed by the time McKittrick became employed by defendant, it is natural that he would seek out this type of information to perform his job description within the company.   Thus, based upon the record, we think it is self-evident that the hearsay statements upon which McKittrick relied were of the type anyone in his position would naturally rely upon.   The admission of the testimony did not constitute plain error. But even if we were to concede error for the purpose of discussion, the error was harmless.   Under the New Jersey Product Liability Act, a product that causes harm is defective in the manufacturing context if it “deviated from the design specifications, formulae, or performance standards of the manufacturer.”  N.J.S.A. 2A:58C-2a.   As we understand the record, the engineering prints containing the specifications relevant to the product as it was intended to be manufactured in 1980 were available for review and comparison against the actual pliers that caused plaintiff's injury.   As McKittrick testified, he did not need the quality control records pertaining to the batch, of which the subject pliers was a member, to determine whether it met specifications, so long as he had the tool and the specifications to compare it against.   He was correct.The injury-causing product may be measured against the same product as manufactured according to the manufacturer's standards.   If the particular product used by the plaintiff fails to conform to those standards or other units of the same kind, it is defective.[O'Brien v. Muskin Corp., 94 N.J. 169, 181, 463 A.2d 298 (1983) ].Even if defendant had the best quality control in the world, if the pliers was defective because it deviated from defendant's specifications, and the defect caused plaintiff's injuries, defendant would be liable.  Id. at 180, 463 A.2d 298.   That is the essence of strict liability in tort.Thus, we disagree with plaintiff's contention that the hearsay information that McKittrick relayed through his testimony was “at the heart of the case.”   Rather, it was at best a tangential issue and at worst irrelevant.   In any event, it did not have the capacity  to prejudice plaintiff.   The judge's instructions to the jury properly focused the jury's attention on the thrust of plaintiff's liability theory and the simple question of whether the product deviated from defendant's manufacturing specifications.IV.Plaintiff argues that the trial judge erred in precluding the cross-examination of McKittrick as to federal specifications which were not adopted by defendant as part of its manufacturing specifications.In response to interrogatories propounded by plaintiff, defendant stated that it had adopted some sections of the Federal Specification GGG-P-471E, published by the General Services Administration, as part of its manufacturing specifications.   Defendant listed the specific sections it had adopted.During cross-examination plaintiff attempted to question McKittrick concerning why defendant had not adopted several other sections of those federal specifications in its manufacturing process.   Defense counsel objected.   Plaintiff's counsel conceded that defendant was not obligated to adopt or follow any of the GGG-P-471E specifications.Nevertheless, plaintiff wanted to ask McKittrick why defendant had not adopted GGG-P-471E § 3.6.2 (Jaw Hardness), which provided that “jaws shall show a hardness value of not less than 45 and not more than 60 on the Rockwell ‘C’ scale when tested as specified in 4.3.1 [Hardness]”;  GGG-P-471E § 3.8.1 (surfaces) (“All surfaces shall be free from pits, nodules, burrs, cracks, and other defects which may adversely affect the performance of the tool.   Surfaces usually ground or otherwise finished and provided with one of the coatings specified in 3.8.2 [Coatings] shall have a maximum surface roughness of 63 microinches․  ”);  GGG-P-471E §§ 4.1 (Responsibility for inspection);  4.1.1 (Inspection of materials and components);  4.2 (Sampling procedures);  4.3 (Testing);  4.3.1 (Hardness), 4.3.1.1 (Pliers with cutting edges);  and 4.3.2 (Handle-load tests).   The trial judge held that plaintiff could  not cross-examine McKittrick as to why defendant had not adopted the above-cited specifications because the specifications were only relevant to a design defect case, not a manufacturing defect case.   We agree. Much of what we said in our discussion of the previous issue concerning the focus of proofs in a manufacturing defect case apply here as well.   The federal specifications adopted by Western Forge were relevant and properly admitted to establish the manufacturing standards employed by Western Forge against which the offending product must be compared.  N.J.S.A. 2A:58C-2a.   In contrast, the federal specifications that were not adopted by Western Forge in its manufacturing process were not relevant to the determination of this action because they were not used by Western Forge in its own design or performance specifications.   Thus, the only relevant inquiries were what specifications did defendant use in manufacturing these pliers, and whether the pliers complied with such specifications.   The specifications mentioned above not adopted by defendant were not relevant to that determination.Whether the federal standards were or were not minimal standards, whether those standards should have been adopted, and whether the failure to adopt them resulted in a product defect would have been relevant in a design defect case.   But this was not such a case.   Plaintiff's expert did not testify that the federal specifications cited by plaintiff should have been adopted by defendant, or that the failure to do so resulted in the defect.   Therefore, the trial judge did not err in sustaining defendant's objection.Affirmed.KEEFE, J.A.D.



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Sun Jul 23 17:16:15 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























NJ Court Cases: Find NJ Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
New Jersey



Browse New Jersey Courts

New Jersey Municipal Court
Superior Court of New Jersey
Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Tax Court of New Jersey


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Sun Jul 23 17:16:15 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.




















0764825011 - La Reconstrucción De Una Parroquia Spanish Edition by Rev Fr Michael White; Thomas Corcoran - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





0764825011 - La Reconstrucción De Una Parroquia Spanish Edition by Rev Fr Michael White; Thomas Corcoran

You Searched For:

ISBN:
0764825011

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 19) of 19







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (19)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (16)      


Used Books (3)      

Binding



All Bindings 

Hardcover



Softcover (15)      

Collectible Attributes


First Edition


Signed Copy


Dust Jacket


Seller-Supplied Images



Not Printed On Demand 

Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (3)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Canada
Germany
U.S.A.

United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up


and up



  (11)      

 



Search Within These Results:


























            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael; Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



Used
PAPERBACK

Quantity Available: 1

From: JVG Books LLC (Westfield, NJ, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 10.62

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori. PAPERBACK. Book Condition: Fine. 0764825011 Clean and Unmarked Copy.  Bookseller Inventory # TRD000074617

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.

















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia

Michael White


              Published by
              Liguori Publications
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Pbshop (Wood Dale, IL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 10.79

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, 2014. PAP. Book Condition: New. New Book. Shipped from US within 10 to 14 business days. THIS BOOK IS PRINTED ON DEMAND. Established seller since 2000.  Bookseller Inventory # IQ-9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.
















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real

White, Michael


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: > 20

From: BargainBookStores (Grand Rapids, MI, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 11.67

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Paperback. Book Condition: New. This item is printed on demand. Item doesn't include CD/DVD.  Bookseller Inventory # 7256417

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.


















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real (Paperback)

Michael White, Thomas Corcoran, Tom Corcoran


              Published by
              Liguori Publications, United States
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 10

From: The Book Depository US (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 15.95

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, United States, 2014. Paperback. Book Condition: New. Language: English,Spanish . Brand New Book ***** Print on Demand *****. Fr. Michael White and lay associate Tom Corcoran present the compelling and inspiring story to how they brought their parish back to life. La reconstrucci n de una parroquia is a story of stopping everything and changing focus. When their parish reached a breaking point, White and Corcoran asked themselves how they could make the Church matter to Catholics, and they realized the answer was at the heart of the Gospel. Their faithful response not only tripled their weekend mass attendance, but also yielded increased giving, flourishing ministries, and a vibrant, solidly Catholic spiritual revival. White and Corcoran invite all Catholic leaders to share the vision, borrow their strategies, and rebuild their own parishes. They offer a wealth of guidance for anyone with the courage to hear them.  Bookseller Inventory # APC9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.


















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael


              Published by
              Libros Liguori
(2017)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 20

From: Murray Media (North Miami Beach, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.97

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 2.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori, 2017. Paperback. Book Condition: New. This item is printed on demand.  Bookseller Inventory # 0764825011

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.

















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael; Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
PAPERBACK

Quantity Available: 3

From: Lakeside Books (Benton Harbor, MI, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 12.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori. PAPERBACK. Book Condition: New. 0764825011 BRAND NEW, GIFT QUALITY! NOT OVERSTOCKS OR MARKED UP REMAINDERS! DIRECT FROM THE PUBLISHER!|0.99.  Bookseller Inventory # OTF-S-9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.


















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real (Paperback)

Michael White, Thomas Corcoran, Tom Corcoran


              Published by
              Liguori Publications, United States
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 10

From: The Book Depository (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 16.33

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, United States, 2014. Paperback. Book Condition: New. Language: English,Spanish . Brand New Book ***** Print on Demand *****.Fr. Michael White and lay associate Tom Corcoran present the compelling and inspiring story to how they brought their parish back to life. La reconstrucci n de una parroquia is a story of stopping everything and changing focus. When their parish reached a breaking point, White and Corcoran asked themselves how they could make the Church matter to Catholics, and they realized the answer was at the heart of the Gospel. Their faithful response not only tripled their weekend mass attendance, but also yielded increased giving, flourishing ministries, and a vibrant, solidly Catholic spiritual revival. White and Corcoran invite all Catholic leaders to share the vision, borrow their strategies, and rebuild their own parishes. They offer a wealth of guidance for anyone with the courage to hear them.  Bookseller Inventory # APC9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.

















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real

Rev Fr. Michael White


              Published by
              Liguori Publications


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 20

From: BuySomeBooks (Las Vegas, NV, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 12.97

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.95

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications. Paperback. Book Condition: New. Paperback. 320 pages. Dimensions: 8.9in. x 6.0in. x 0.9in.En este relato fascinante e inspirador, el P. Michael White y su colega laico Tom Corcoran nos cuentan cmo hicieron que su parroquia resucitara. ReconsEn este relato fascinante e inspirador, el P. Michael White y su colega laico Tom Corcoran nos cuentan cmo hicieron que su parroquia resucitara. La reconstruccin de una parroquia, describe la forma en que ambos fueron aplicando a su situacin muchas de las prcticas caractersticas de las grandes parroquias exitosas y de los empresarios comprometidos con la innovacin; y cuenta tambin cmo establecieron a la Eucarista como el punto clave de su estrategia, convencidos de su insustituible protagonismo como centro de la fe catlica. Con este libro, los autores extienden una invitacin a los responsables catlicos para que compartan su visin, para que apliquen su estrategia y para que reconstruyan sus propias parroquias. Esa es la razn por la cual ponen estas valiosas propuestas a disposicin de todo aquel que tenga el valor de escucharlas. Fr. Michael White and lay associate Tom Corcoran present the compelling and inspiring story to how they brought their parish back to life. Rebuilt is a story of stopping everything and changing focus. When their parish reached a breaking point, White and Corcoran asked themselves how they could make the Church matter to Catholics, and they realized the answer was at the heart of the Gospel. Their faithful response not only tripled their weekend mass attendance, but also yielded increased giving, flourishing ministries, and a vibrant, solidly Catholic spiritual revival. White and Corcoran invite all Catholic leaders to share the vision, borrow their strategies, and rebuild their own parishes. They offer a wealth of guidance for anyone with the courage to hear them. This item ships from multiple locations. Your book may arrive from Roseburg,OR, La Vergne,TN. Paperback.  Bookseller Inventory # 9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.


















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael; Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 10

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 15.60

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori, 2014. Paperback. Book Condition: New.  Bookseller Inventory # INGM9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.


















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real

White, Michael


              Published by
              Liguori Publications
(2016)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ria Christie Collections (Uxbridge, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 16.92

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 5.03

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, 2016. Paperback. Book Condition: New. PRINT ON DEMAND Book; New; Publication Year 2016; Not Signed; Fast Shipping from the UK. No. book.  Bookseller Inventory # ria9780764825019_lsuk

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.

















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia

Michael White


              Published by
              Liguori Publications
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Books2Anywhere (Fairford, GLOS, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 11.50

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 11.71

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, 2014. PAP. Book Condition: New. New Book. Delivered from our UK warehouse in 3 to 5 business days. THIS BOOK IS PRINTED ON DEMAND. Established seller since 2000.  Bookseller Inventory # IQ-9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.

















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael; Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
PAPERBACK

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Russell Books (Victoria, BC, Canada)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 16.95

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.00

      From Canada to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori. PAPERBACK. Book Condition: New. 0764825011 Special order direct from the distributor.  Bookseller Inventory # ING9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.


















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real

Michael White; Thomas Corcoran; Tom Corcoran


              Published by
              Liguori Publications
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: European-Media-Service Mannheim (Mannheim, Germany)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 21.80

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.65

      From Germany to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, 2014. Book Condition: New. This item is printed on demand for shipment within 3 working days.  Bookseller Inventory # GM9780764825019

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de una Parroquia Un Testimonio de la Vida Real by Michael White and Thomas Corcoran 2014 Paperback

Michael White


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New

Quantity Available: 1

From: Castle Rock (Pittsford, NY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 26.32

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Book Condition: Brand New. Book Condition: Brand New.  Bookseller Inventory # 97807648250191.0

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.


















            Stock Image
    








La Reconstruccion de Una Parroquia: Un Testimonio de La Vida Real

White, Michael/ Corcoran, Thomas/ Corcoran, Tom


              Published by
              Liguori Publications
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 2

From: Revaluation Books (Exeter, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 23.27

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.80

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Liguori Publications, 2014. Paperback. Book Condition: Brand New. 336 pages. Spanish language. 8.90x6.00x0.90 inches. In Stock.  Bookseller Inventory # x-0764825011

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.

















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael, Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New

Quantity Available: 1

From: Nearfine Books (Brooklyn, NY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 28.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.00

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori, 2014. Book Condition: new. Shiny and new! Expect delivery in 2-3 weeks.  Bookseller Inventory # 9780764825019-1

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.


















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael, Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori
(2017)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 2

From: Murray Media (North Miami Beach, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 38.10

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 2.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori, 2017. Paperback. Book Condition: New. This item is printed on demand.  Bookseller Inventory # P110764825011

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.


















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

White, Rev Fr. Michael, Corcoran, Thomas


              Published by
              Libros Liguori
(2017)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 2

From: Murray Media (North Miami Beach, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 38.10

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 2.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori, 2017. Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good. This item is printed on demand.  Bookseller Inventory # P020764825011

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.


















            Stock Image
    








La reconstrucción de una parroquia (Spanish Edition)

Rev Fr. Michael White


              Published by
              Libros Liguori
(2014)


ISBN 10: 0764825011
ISBN 13: 9780764825019



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Books Express (Portsmouth, NH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 99.25

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Libros Liguori, 2014. Paperback. Book Condition: Good. Ships with Tracking Number! INTERNATIONAL WORLDWIDE Shipping available. May not contain Access Codes or Supplements. Buy with confidence, excellent customer service!.  Bookseller Inventory # 0764825011

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
19.



 
 


Results (1 - 19) of 19







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×




















