


 COWEN














































































About Us

Company Overview
News & Events
Thought Leadership
Cowen Cares
Customer Notices & Policies


Capabilities

Investment Management
Investment Banking
Research
Equities
Credit
Electronic Trading
Prime Services
Execution Services (Formerly Convergex)
Global Clearing Solutions
Plan Sponsor Services
Westminster Research
Corporate Access & Conferences


Sectors

Biotech
Clean Tech
Consumer
Credit & Cross-Capital
Digital Health
E-Commerce
Energy
Health Care
Industrials
Technology, Media & Telecom
Washington Macro Commentaries


Join Our Team
Investors

Investor Overview
News Releases
SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance


Contact Us
 







 





 

Outperform drives our mission and everything we do. From research to strategy and beyond, we do more than set standards, we exceed them.
LEARN MORE 

PERFORM 

OUT 







 

The Trend Whisperer: The Cowen Retail 
Tracker surveys 2500 U.S. consumers every 
month. Combine this with our annual ad spend survey and we’ve created powerful tools for understanding what consumers will be buying next.
LEARN MORE 

TRACK 

OUT 







 

Whether it’s a back office or a Brazil soy field, we get our hands dirty and dig into investment opportunities, getting the full story and learning how to make the most of every opportunity.
LEARN MORE 

DIG 

OUT 







 

We held the industry’s first big technology conference in 1972. Just one example of our history of understanding the future.
LEARN MORE 

SMART 

OUT 



 








Investment
Management


Investment
Banking


Research


Equities


Credit


Electronic
Trading


Prime
Services


Execution
Services*
Formerly Convergex 
Execution Solutions 

Global Clearing
Solutions


Plan Sponsor
Services


Westminster
Research


Conferences
& Corporate Access












Investment Management
Innovative products and solutions across the liquidity spectrum



Learn more






Digital Health
The convergence of technology, retail and health care



Learn more






Biotech
The leading voice in life sciences



Learn more






E-Commerce
Insights into the world’s most dynamic companies



Learn more




Featured News



Jul 20 2017
CorpAxe Offers Connectivity To Cowen’s Westminster Research Associates For MiFID II Research Payments


Read more




Jul 13 2017
Cowen’s Westminster Research Associates Named “Greenwich Quality Leader” In Greenwich Associate’s 2017 U.S. Equity Investors Study


Read more




Jul 5 2017
Cowen Expands Its Leadership Team


Read more







Jul 20 2017
CorpAxe Offers Connectivity To Cowen’s Westminster Research Associates For MiFID II Research Payments


Jul 13 2017
Cowen’s Westminster Research Associates Named “Greenwich Quality Leader” In Greenwich Associate’s 2017 U.S. Equity Investors Study


Jul 5 2017
Cowen Expands Its Leadership Team







Corporate Access & Conferences
Connecting companies with the investment community



Learn more





Jul 20 2017
CorpAxe Offers Connectivity To Cowen’s Westminster Research Associates For MiFID II Research Payments


Jul 13 2017
Cowen’s Westminster Research Associates Named “Greenwich Quality Leader” In Greenwich Associate’s 2017 U.S. Equity Investors Study


Jul 5 2017
Cowen Expands Its Leadership Team





Jul 27 2017 Derrick Wood looks at $NOW's prospects for platform adoption, wallet share gains and 2H pipeline @CowenResearch








 Biotech
Ahead of the Curve

Jun 30 2017
Biotech – Cowen Analysis: When Insiders Buy, Investors Should Too
Cowen analyzed 4K+ open market transactions made by insiders at the 10 largest biotechnology companies over the last 10 years. We find that purchases by insiders are a strong predictor of outperformance, while stock sales by insiders have little predictive value. When insiders purchase shares of fundamentally strong companies, a successful strategy would seem to be to buy right along with them.
Read more


 




Featured Profile

“The sell side is high energy and I love the 'work hard/play hard' culture.”

Jean Perreault, Vice President, Research
See profile





Featured Profile

“Day to day, I work with all of the business groups and teams within Cowen, either directly or behind the scenes.”

Peggy Finster, Managing Director, Labor and Employment Counsel
See profile





Featured Profile

“We worked on the Trivago IPO, the Facebook IPO, the sale of Living Social to Groupon and the Wayfair IPO.”

Jose A. Cobos, Managing Director, Technology, Media and Telecom
See profile





Featured Profile

“We've built a large, generalist platform that gives me an opportunity to interact with more clients.”

David Rountree, Managing Director, Equity Sales
See profile































































Market Research Reports, Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis





























Home  | Contact Us |
			  			    Log In



 


(888) 789-6604

















All Categories
Automotive and Transportation
Banking & Finance
Computer &  IT
Consumer Packaged Goods 
Consumer Retail
Electronics & Security
Energy, Utility and Renewable
Internet
Manufacturing & Industry
Pharma & Healthcare
Sustainable Technology
Telecom
Travel & Lifestyle








Advanced search





Account Detail

0 items in basket



Order History
Total $


Saved Searches
View Basket 



 




Automotive and Transportation  
      




Automotive and Transportation

Aftermarket
Commercial Vehicles
Powertrain
Safety
Telematics




Freight
Logistics & Shipping
Rail
Intelligent transport systems
Airway
Public Transport
Company profiles




Banking & Finance
      




Banking & Finance

Retail Banking
Insurance





Wealth management
Banking Services




Consumer Packaged Goods 
      




Consumer Packaged Goods

Food
Beverages - Non-Alcoholic
Personal Care




Beverages - Alcoholic
Household Products
Company Profiles




Computer  &  IT
      




Computer  &  IT

Software
Cloud Computing
IT Services




IT Hardware Computer Products Distribution & Support
Company Profiles Country Overview (Computing & Electronics)




Consumer & Retail
      




Consumer & Retail

Clothing
Supermarkets
Electricals and Electronics

 

Housekeeping and Gardening Supplies
Food and Drink Specialists
Company Profiles




Energy, Utility and Renewable
      




Energy, Utility and Renewable

Utilities
Commodity
Natural Resources




Renewable Energy
Company profiles








Electronics & Security
      




Electronics & Security

Electronic Devices
Automatic Identification


Surface Mount Technology (SMT)
Company profiles




Internet
      




Internet

Advertising
Company Profiles
E-Commerce




Gaming
Popular Culture
Social Media




Manufacturing  &  Industry
      




Manufacturing  &  Industry

Industry
Automation & Process Control




Miscellaneous Manufacturing
Company Profiles




Pharma & Healthcare
      




Pharma Healthcare

Clinical Diagnostics
Biotechnology
Healthcare and Life Sciences IT




Medical Devices
Pharmaceuticals
Company Profiles




Sustainable Technology
      




Sustainable Technology

Country Overviews (Transport & Travel)
Maritime
Service Stations
Transport & Travel
Air
Bus




Company Reports (Transport & Travel)
Freight
Logistics & Shipping
Misc. Transport & Travel
Public Transport
Railway
Roads




Telecom
      




Telecom

Telecommunication  &  Broadband 3G / WiMAX
Conferencing  &  Collaboration
Mobile  &  Wireless




Network infrastructure  &  Security
Emerging technologies
Retail Systems
Enterprise solutions
Company Profiles




Travel & Lifestyle
	   




Travel & Lifestyle

Hotels
Travel Agencies
Modes of Travel




Art
Leisure
Luxury Brands














Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis





Publication Date
Jul 2014



Product Type
Report


Pages
32


Single User License help
$
					125.00					   


Site User License help
$
                      250.00


Corporate User License help
$
                      375.00









 














Reportstack.com does not charge credit card fee, transaction charges, extra tax or VAT on any purchase.






Summary
Table of Contents

Related Products
Speak with an expert


This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Cowen Group, Inc."The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. World Market Intelligence strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Scope• Examines and identifies key information and issues about "Cowen Group, Inc." for business intelligence requirements.• Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported.• The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.Reasons to Buy• Quickly enhance your understanding of "Cowen Group, Inc."• Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.• Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors’ businesses better.• Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key HighlightsCowen Group, Inc. (Cowen Group) is a diversified financial services firm. The company, along with its subsidiaries, offers alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services. Through Ramius LLC and its affiliates, the company offers alternative investment management products, solutions and services, including hedge funds, replication products, managed futures funds, fund of funds, real estate, health care royalty funds and cash management services. Through, Cowen and Company, it provides industry focused investment banking for growth-oriented companies, domain knowledge-driven research and a sales and trading platform for institutional investors. Cowen Group operates mainly in the US and has offices located in major financial centers across the globe. Cowen Group is headquartered in New York City, New York, the US.Companies MentionedCowen Group, Inc.


1 Cowen Group, Inc. - Business Analysis1.1 Cowen Group, Inc. - Company Overview1.2 Cowen Group, Inc. - Business Description1.3 Cowen Group, Inc. - Major Products and Services2 Cowen Group, Inc. - Analysis of Key Performance Indicators2.1 Cowen Group, Inc. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators2.2 Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Financial Performance Indicators2.2.1 Cowen Group, Inc. - Revenue and Operating Profit2.2.2 Cowen Group, Inc. - Asset and Liabilities2.3 Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Competitors3 Cowen Group, Inc. - Recent Developments4 Cowen Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis4.1 Cowen Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis - Overview4.2 Cowen Group, Inc. - Strengths4.3 Cowen Group, Inc. - Weaknesses4.4 Cowen Group, Inc. - Opportunities4.5 Cowen Group, Inc. - Threats5 Cowen Group, Inc. - Company Statement6 Cowen Group, Inc. - History7 Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Employees8 Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies9 Cowen Group, Inc. - Locations and Subsidiaries9.1 Cowen Group, Inc. - Head Office9.2 Cowen Group, Inc. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries10 Appendix10.1 Methodology10.2 Ratio Definitions10.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Major Products and ServicesTable 2:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Ratios - AnnualTable 3:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Ratios - InterimTable 4:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Capital Market IndicatorsTable 5:  Cowen Group, Inc. - HistoryTable 6:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Key EmployeesTable 7:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Key Employee BiographiesTable 8:  Cowen Group, Inc. - SubsidiariesTable 9:  Cowen Group, Inc. - LocationsList of FiguresFigure 1:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2:  Cowen Group, Inc. - Financial Position






Title
Date
Price





1st Century Bancshares, Inc. (FCTY) - Company Capsule

By World Market Intelligence

This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "1st Century Bancshares, Inc."The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sou						...Read More




Jun 2015
 $75.00





1st Enterprise Bank, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

By GlobalData

1st Enterprise Bank, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, business structure and operations. The report contains a d						...Read More




Sep 2014
 $125.00





1st Source Corporation (SRCE) - Company Capsule

By World Market Intelligence

This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "1st Source Corporation"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, 						...Read More




Sep 2014
 $75.00





1st United Bancorp, Inc. (FUBC) - Company Capsule

By World Market Intelligence

This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "1st United Bancorp, Inc."The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources						...Read More




Sep 2014
 $75.00





2014: Trends to Watch in Global Wealth Management

By GlobalData

SummaryThe global wealth management industry is changing rapidly due to regulation and compliance, product and communication innovation, rebalancing wealth markets, and developing customer attitudes. 						...Read More




Jan 2014
 $4495.00





2015: Key Trends in Retail Banking

By GlobalData

SummarySeveral trends will drive developments in retail banking in 2015, covering external factors such as regulation and internal factors such as mobile innovation. Banks will have to react by stream						...Read More




Sep 2014
 $4495.00





2016: Key Trends in Consumer Payments

By GlobalData

Summary
The increased levels of innovation and interconnectivity in banking and payments have resulted in an ever-expanding range of transactional possibilities, and are notably triggering a rewiring 						...Read More




Feb 2016
 $7995.00





2017: Key Trends in Retail Banking

By GlobalData

SummarySeveral trends will drive developments in retail banking in 2017, including factors as diverse as changes to the regulatory environment, the emergence of artificial intelligence, and the long-a						...Read More




Jan 2017
 $5250.00





2020 Foresight: Non Resident Indians

By GlobalData

This report focuses on the Indian diaspora, which is the largest among non-resident South Asians. The report examines non-resident Indians (NRIS)’ investment attitudes and behavior, sources of wealt						...Read More




Apr 2016
 $4995.00





Aareal Bank AG (ARL) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis

By World Market Intelligence

This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Aareal Bank AG"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which ar						...Read More




Sep 2014
 $125.00











 
* Required field


Name *



E-mail *



Telephone 





Company  * 



Country *

Select
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Automobile
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Deutschland
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Query  






 








 
 

 





Published By :  World Market Intelligence 











					  For support please contact:
US Toll Free
+1 888-789-6604


Asia Pacific
+91-9893555190 
							
							







 














 











To receive alerts about an update, future offers and discounts on this report, signup here.Email ID











 









 Companies
A
B
C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 


 Countries

A
B C
D
E
F
G
H
I J
K L
M N
O P
Q R
S T
U V
W X
Y Z 













About Us | 
	  Contact Us | 
	  FAQ's |
	  Terms and Conditions | 
	  Privacy Policy | 
	  Return Policy











Cowen Group, Inc. - COWN - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
16.35


Day Low
16.23


Day High
16.90


52 Wk Low
11.60


52 Wk High
16.95


Avg. Volume
211,679


Market Cap
444.16 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
1.67





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
NA


Current Qtr Est
NA


Current Yr Est
NA


Exp Earnings Date
7/27/17


Prior Year EPS
-1.07


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA













Finance » Financial - Investment Bank





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings







Premium Research for COWN





Zacks Rank


                             NA
                            


Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 46%(122 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 38% (10  out of 16) 



Style Scores

NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for COWN

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Cowen Group, Inc.
COWN
NA


E*TRADE Financial Corporation
ETFC



LPL Financial Holdings Inc.
LPLA



Moelis & Company
MC



BGC Partners, Inc.
BGCP



Raymond James Financial, Inc.
RJF



TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
AMTD




See all Financial - Investment Bank Peers


 




Zacks News for COWN

As AAPL Stock Hits All-Time High, Apple Launches Red iPhone, New iPad
03/21/17-5:59PM EST  Zacks

Bull of the Day: Cowen Group (COWN)
06/30/15-12:00AM EST  Zacks

COWN: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Bear of the Day: Moelis and Company (MC)
04/02/15-12:00AM EST  Zacks

Explosive Stocks Under $10
02/17/15-12:00AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
COWEN GROUP, INC., through its operating subsidiaries, provides investment banking, equity research, sales and trading, asset management and alternative asset management services to companies and institutional investor clients in the healthcare, technology, telecommunications, aerospace and defense, consumer and alternative energy sectors. Cowen's asset management business includes teams based in the U.S. and the U.K. Cowen's U.S. team focuses on a growth-oriented investment style centered on small and mid-sized companies based primarily in North America. Cowen's U.K. team provides traditional asset management products, focusing on a global equity strategy. Cowen's alternative asset management business consists of Cowen Healthcare Royalty Partners, which invests principally in commercial-stage biopharmaceutical products and companies, and Cowen Capital Partners, which manages a portfolio of middle market private equity investments for third party investors.   





 





COWEN GROUP INC - SYOSSET, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



SYOSSET



Direct Mail Advertising Services



Mailing Service



                            COWEN GROUP INC
                                    



 





















C 


COWEN GROUP INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



40 LAUREL CT SYOSSET, NY 11791
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 1975
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $250,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Mailing Service
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1975, Cowen Group Inc has been providing Mailing Service from Syosset. Cowen Group Inc has estimated annual revenues of $250,000.00 and also employs an estimated 3 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 







Cowen Group Inc. (NASDAQ:COWN) : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Cowen Group Inc.


 News & Case Alert  on Cowen Group Inc.



Financial » Investment Brokerage - National » Cowen Group Inc.







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Cowen Group Inc. 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Aerospace & Defense (1)
Appellate (1)
Asset Management (8)
Automotive (1)
Banking (14)
Bankruptcy (1)
California (1)
Capital Markets (5)
Class Action (5)
Commercial Contracts (4)
Competition (3)
Consumer Protection (1)
Cybersecurity & Privacy (1)
Employment (1)
Energy (6)
Environmental (1)
Food & Beverage (1)
Government Contracts (1)
Health (1)
Hospitality (1)
Immigration (1)
Insurance (1)
Intellectual Property (5)
International Arbitration (1)
International Trade (1)
Legal Ethics (4)
Life Sciences (1)
Media & Entertainment (5)
Medical Malpractice (1)
Mergers & Acquisitions (10)
Native American (1)
New York (16)
Private Equity (4)
Product Liability (1)
Project Finance (1)
Public Policy (2)
Real Estate (1)
Retail & E-Commerce (1)
Securities (15)
Tax (1)
Technology (1)
Telecommunications (1)
Transportation (1)
White Collar (1)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (23)


April  3, 2017
Cowen Group To Expand Reach With $116M Convergex Buy
...New York financial services firm Cowen Group Inc. took another step toward expanding its reach...


March 29, 2017
Willkie, Skadden Guide $100M Private Investment In Cowen
... York financial services firm Cowen Group Inc. in a deal guided by Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom LLP...


January 12, 2017
Italian Broadband Co. Linkem Lands €100M In Funding
... clients, and from existing investors in Linkem, including Leucadia National Corp. and Cowen Group Inc...


August  5, 2016
Unwanted Baggage: Some Lessons On Successor Liability
...’s parent company, Cowen Group. Specifically, EIG alleged that a series of emails from the summer and fall...


July 15, 2016
Cowen Ducks Liability, Wins DQ In Energy Publisher Suit
...A New York federal court Friday let a Cowen Group Inc. unit off the hook for alleged copyright...


June 23, 2016
Ex-Reed Smith Atty Rebuts DQ Attempt In Copyright Case
... against a Cowen Group Inc. unit told a New York federal court Wednesday that he can’t stand by while...


June 14, 2016
Cowen Wants Firm DQ'd In Oil Trade Publisher Copyright Fight
...A unit of asset manager Cowen Group Inc. on Tuesday asked a New York federal judge to disqualify a...


December 14, 2015
Michael Lewis Rips Lobbying Against 'Flash Boys' Exchange
... one from Lewis. Some of the letters, including by OppenheimerFunds Inc. and Cowen Group Inc., were...


November 24, 2015
'Flash Boys' Firm Says Quote Delay Makes Market Fairer
... market players including OppenheimerFunds Inc. and Cowen Group Inc. have submitted comments supporting...


November 21, 2014
Differentiate Your Litigation Practice With Data Security
... survey conducted by The Cowen Group, nearly 70 percent of corporate counsel reported that data security...


October 16, 2014
BHP To Seek 2nd Listing In London For Planned Spinoff 
... meeting with a number of investors.

Anthony Rizzuto, an analyst with Cowen Group, said the company likely...


June 10, 2013
Judge Approves $18.5M Deal In 10-Year NYSE Class Action
... LaBranche & Co. Inc., Spear Leeds & Kellogg Specialists LLC, Van der Moolen Specialists USA LLC, Fleet...


December  7, 2011
LaBranche Investors Settle Over $192M Cowen Deal 
...Cowen Group Inc. has settled a class action brought by LaBranche & Co. Inc. shareholders accusing...


October 11, 2011
FINRA Hits SocGen With $61M Award For Fund Manager
... Americas Securities LLC and Cowen Group Inc., which was a unit of Societe Generale at the time.

According...


April  8, 2011
FTC Clears Cowen's $192M LaBranche Buyout
...The Federal Trade Commission on Friday gave Cowen Group Inc. the go-ahead for its $192.8 million...


February 23, 2011
Shareholders Fight $192M LaBranche Sale To Cowen
...A pair of LaBranche & Co. Inc. shareholders Tuesday lodged a putative class action against the...


June 15, 2009
Investors Win Class Cert. In NYSE Specialists Case
... the Second Circuit challenging the decision to certify a class.   

The defendants include LaBranche...


September  4, 2008
$4B SuperDOT Antitrust Suit Evaporates 
....S. Securities and Exchange Commission, New York-based financial services company LaBranche & Co. Inc., a...


March  5, 2008
Lawyers Say NYSE Data Flawed
...-employees of Fleet Specialist, now part of Bank of America; two formerly of Bear Wagner Specialists LLC; an ex-LaBranche...


January 17, 2007
Seven Trading Firms Fined $2.8 Million By NYSE
... of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., LaBranche & Co., Bear Stearns Cos., Bank of America Corp., Kellogg...



	Show: 2050100200

← Previous 1 2 Next →














×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















Cowen Group - Wikipedia





















 






Cowen Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cowen Group, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cowen Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: COWN


Industry
Financial Services
Investment Banking
Asset Management


Founded
1918


Headquarters
599 Lexington Avenue
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Peter A. Cohen, Chairman and CEO, Cowen Inc.
Thomas W. Strauss, Chairman, Cowen Investment Management;
Stephen A. Lasota, CFO, Cowen Inc.
Jeffrey M. Solomon, CEO, Cowen and Company


Products
Investment Banking
Equity Research
Institutional Sales and Trading
Hedge Funds
Healthcare Royalty
Real Estate
Alternative Solutions
Managed Futures


Revenue
 $354.8 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]



Net income

 $27.3 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]


Website
www.cowen.com


[2]Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius LLC), a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business.[3] Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices located worldwide.



Contents


1 Cowen Inc.
2 Cowen and Company
3 Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)
4 Worldwide Locations
5 References
6 External links



Cowen Inc.[edit]
Founded as a bond trading house, the Firm expanded in its early years to include correspondent clearing and execution services. As the Firm grew, it developed a leadership position in railroad bonds and launched a research and institutional sales business. The Firm expanded significantly in the 1970s in research and retail, opening six offices from coast-to-coast and expanding its business offerings through acquisitions: Hardy & Company, Greene & Ladd, G.S. Grumman and McCloy-Watterson & Co., Inc. In the 1980s, Cowen expanded internationally, established an investment banking business, and set up offices in London, Geneva, Paris, and Tokyo. In the 1990s the Firm grew the investment banking business, beginning with five IPOs and follow-ons for approximately $200 million, growing to nearly 80 transactions and $5 billion in proceeds by 1995.[4] The Firm remained independent until 1998 when it was acquired by the French financial services company, Société Générale, and renamed SG Cowen. In 2000, the Firm sold its private client services unit to Lehman Brothers, retaining its investment banking, research and sales and trading operations.[5] The Firm operated as a unit of Societe Generale until 2006, when it was spun off in an initial public offering and renamed itself, Cowen and Company. The public offering was joint bookrun by Cowen, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch.[6] In 2009, the company merged with Ramius LLC to form a diversified financial services company.[7] In February 2011, Cowen acquired LaBranche & Co., a market-maker in options, exchange-traded funds and futures on various exchanges.[8] In 2012, Cowen acquired Algorithmic Trading Management, a provider of global multi-asset class algorithmic execution trading models,[9] and KDC Securities, a securities lending business.[10] In March 2013, Cowen acquired Dahlman Rose & Company LLC, a privately held investment bank specializing in the energy, metals and mining, transportation, chemicals and agriculture sectors.[11] Today, Cowen Inc. provides alternative asset management, investment banking, research and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius and its affiliates make up the alternative investment segment and Cowen and Company and its affiliates make up the broker-dealer segment.
Cowen and Company[edit]
Cowen and Company, founded in 1918, is the broker-dealer business of Cowen Inc. Cowen and Company offers a range of investment banking services, including: equity, equity-linked and debt financings and mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Cowen and Company also provides proprietary research, including its Ahead of the CurveTM series, and institutional sales and trading services. Cowen and Company specializes in growth sectors of the economy, including: healthcare, technology, media & telecommunications, consumer, energy, metals and mining, industrials, aerospace & defense and transportation.[12] Business units include:

Research[13]
Investment Banking[14]
Institutional Sales and Trading[15]

Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)[edit]
Cowen Investment Management LLC, founded in 1994 (as Ramius LLC), by Peter Cohen, Jeff Solomon, Morgan Stark, and Tom Strauss,[16] is the global alternative investment management business of Cowen Inc. Cowen Investment Management offers a range of alternative investment strategies including activism, healthcare royalties, event driven equity, real estate, long/short equity, private health care and private equity.
Worldwide Locations[edit]



Main U.S. Locations

New York City, (Global Headquarters)
Atlanta
Boston
San Francisco



International Locations

Hong Kong
London
Luxemburg




References[edit]



^ a b Form 10-K: Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013, p. 42
^ "Cowen Announces New Brand Identity". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Cowen Group Inc.". WSJ.com. The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc.". Answers.com. Answers.com. 
^ "Lehman buys Cowen unit". CNNMoney.com. CNN Money. 
^ Caroline Meehan and Heidi Moore. "Cowen IPO falls short of expectations". Financial News. 
^ John Spence (June 4, 2009). "Cowen and Ramius to merge". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Cowen Group to Acquire LaBranche & Co". BusinessWire.com. February 17, 2011. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Agrees to Acquire Algorithmic Trading Management". BusinessWire.com. January 17, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group Completes Acquisition of KDC Securities". BusinessWire.com. November 5, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC". BusinessWire.com. February 28, 2013. 
^ "Cowen and Company Overview". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Equity Research". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Investment Banking". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Institutional Equity Sales and Trading". Cowen.com. 
^ "Ramius Overview". Cowen.com. 



External links[edit]

Official Company Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cowen_Group&oldid=791623744"					
Categories: Companies established in 1918Banks based in New York CityInvestment banksCompanies listed on NASDAQ2006 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from April 2017All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Cowen Group - Wikipedia





















 






Cowen Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cowen Group, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cowen Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: COWN


Industry
Financial Services
Investment Banking
Asset Management


Founded
1918


Headquarters
599 Lexington Avenue
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Peter A. Cohen, Chairman and CEO, Cowen Inc.
Thomas W. Strauss, Chairman, Cowen Investment Management;
Stephen A. Lasota, CFO, Cowen Inc.
Jeffrey M. Solomon, CEO, Cowen and Company


Products
Investment Banking
Equity Research
Institutional Sales and Trading
Hedge Funds
Healthcare Royalty
Real Estate
Alternative Solutions
Managed Futures


Revenue
 $354.8 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]



Net income

 $27.3 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]


Website
www.cowen.com


[2]Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius LLC), a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business.[3] Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices located worldwide.



Contents


1 Cowen Inc.
2 Cowen and Company
3 Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)
4 Worldwide Locations
5 References
6 External links



Cowen Inc.[edit]
Founded as a bond trading house, the Firm expanded in its early years to include correspondent clearing and execution services. As the Firm grew, it developed a leadership position in railroad bonds and launched a research and institutional sales business. The Firm expanded significantly in the 1970s in research and retail, opening six offices from coast-to-coast and expanding its business offerings through acquisitions: Hardy & Company, Greene & Ladd, G.S. Grumman and McCloy-Watterson & Co., Inc. In the 1980s, Cowen expanded internationally, established an investment banking business, and set up offices in London, Geneva, Paris, and Tokyo. In the 1990s the Firm grew the investment banking business, beginning with five IPOs and follow-ons for approximately $200 million, growing to nearly 80 transactions and $5 billion in proceeds by 1995.[4] The Firm remained independent until 1998 when it was acquired by the French financial services company, Société Générale, and renamed SG Cowen. In 2000, the Firm sold its private client services unit to Lehman Brothers, retaining its investment banking, research and sales and trading operations.[5] The Firm operated as a unit of Societe Generale until 2006, when it was spun off in an initial public offering and renamed itself, Cowen and Company. The public offering was joint bookrun by Cowen, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch.[6] In 2009, the company merged with Ramius LLC to form a diversified financial services company.[7] In February 2011, Cowen acquired LaBranche & Co., a market-maker in options, exchange-traded funds and futures on various exchanges.[8] In 2012, Cowen acquired Algorithmic Trading Management, a provider of global multi-asset class algorithmic execution trading models,[9] and KDC Securities, a securities lending business.[10] In March 2013, Cowen acquired Dahlman Rose & Company LLC, a privately held investment bank specializing in the energy, metals and mining, transportation, chemicals and agriculture sectors.[11] Today, Cowen Inc. provides alternative asset management, investment banking, research and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius and its affiliates make up the alternative investment segment and Cowen and Company and its affiliates make up the broker-dealer segment.
Cowen and Company[edit]
Cowen and Company, founded in 1918, is the broker-dealer business of Cowen Inc. Cowen and Company offers a range of investment banking services, including: equity, equity-linked and debt financings and mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Cowen and Company also provides proprietary research, including its Ahead of the CurveTM series, and institutional sales and trading services. Cowen and Company specializes in growth sectors of the economy, including: healthcare, technology, media & telecommunications, consumer, energy, metals and mining, industrials, aerospace & defense and transportation.[12] Business units include:

Research[13]
Investment Banking[14]
Institutional Sales and Trading[15]

Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)[edit]
Cowen Investment Management LLC, founded in 1994 (as Ramius LLC), by Peter Cohen, Jeff Solomon, Morgan Stark, and Tom Strauss,[16] is the global alternative investment management business of Cowen Inc. Cowen Investment Management offers a range of alternative investment strategies including activism, healthcare royalties, event driven equity, real estate, long/short equity, private health care and private equity.
Worldwide Locations[edit]



Main U.S. Locations

New York City, (Global Headquarters)
Atlanta
Boston
San Francisco



International Locations

Hong Kong
London
Luxemburg




References[edit]



^ a b Form 10-K: Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013, p. 42
^ "Cowen Announces New Brand Identity". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Cowen Group Inc.". WSJ.com. The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc.". Answers.com. Answers.com. 
^ "Lehman buys Cowen unit". CNNMoney.com. CNN Money. 
^ Caroline Meehan and Heidi Moore. "Cowen IPO falls short of expectations". Financial News. 
^ John Spence (June 4, 2009). "Cowen and Ramius to merge". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Cowen Group to Acquire LaBranche & Co". BusinessWire.com. February 17, 2011. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Agrees to Acquire Algorithmic Trading Management". BusinessWire.com. January 17, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group Completes Acquisition of KDC Securities". BusinessWire.com. November 5, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC". BusinessWire.com. February 28, 2013. 
^ "Cowen and Company Overview". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Equity Research". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Investment Banking". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Institutional Equity Sales and Trading". Cowen.com. 
^ "Ramius Overview". Cowen.com. 



External links[edit]

Official Company Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cowen_Group&oldid=791623744"					
Categories: Companies established in 1918Banks based in New York CityInvestment banksCompanies listed on NASDAQ2006 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from April 2017All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Cowen Group - Wikipedia





















 






Cowen Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cowen Group, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cowen Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: COWN


Industry
Financial Services
Investment Banking
Asset Management


Founded
1918


Headquarters
599 Lexington Avenue
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Peter A. Cohen, Chairman and CEO, Cowen Inc.
Thomas W. Strauss, Chairman, Cowen Investment Management;
Stephen A. Lasota, CFO, Cowen Inc.
Jeffrey M. Solomon, CEO, Cowen and Company


Products
Investment Banking
Equity Research
Institutional Sales and Trading
Hedge Funds
Healthcare Royalty
Real Estate
Alternative Solutions
Managed Futures


Revenue
 $354.8 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]



Net income

 $27.3 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]


Website
www.cowen.com


[2]Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius LLC), a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business.[3] Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices located worldwide.



Contents


1 Cowen Inc.
2 Cowen and Company
3 Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)
4 Worldwide Locations
5 References
6 External links



Cowen Inc.[edit]
Founded as a bond trading house, the Firm expanded in its early years to include correspondent clearing and execution services. As the Firm grew, it developed a leadership position in railroad bonds and launched a research and institutional sales business. The Firm expanded significantly in the 1970s in research and retail, opening six offices from coast-to-coast and expanding its business offerings through acquisitions: Hardy & Company, Greene & Ladd, G.S. Grumman and McCloy-Watterson & Co., Inc. In the 1980s, Cowen expanded internationally, established an investment banking business, and set up offices in London, Geneva, Paris, and Tokyo. In the 1990s the Firm grew the investment banking business, beginning with five IPOs and follow-ons for approximately $200 million, growing to nearly 80 transactions and $5 billion in proceeds by 1995.[4] The Firm remained independent until 1998 when it was acquired by the French financial services company, Société Générale, and renamed SG Cowen. In 2000, the Firm sold its private client services unit to Lehman Brothers, retaining its investment banking, research and sales and trading operations.[5] The Firm operated as a unit of Societe Generale until 2006, when it was spun off in an initial public offering and renamed itself, Cowen and Company. The public offering was joint bookrun by Cowen, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch.[6] In 2009, the company merged with Ramius LLC to form a diversified financial services company.[7] In February 2011, Cowen acquired LaBranche & Co., a market-maker in options, exchange-traded funds and futures on various exchanges.[8] In 2012, Cowen acquired Algorithmic Trading Management, a provider of global multi-asset class algorithmic execution trading models,[9] and KDC Securities, a securities lending business.[10] In March 2013, Cowen acquired Dahlman Rose & Company LLC, a privately held investment bank specializing in the energy, metals and mining, transportation, chemicals and agriculture sectors.[11] Today, Cowen Inc. provides alternative asset management, investment banking, research and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius and its affiliates make up the alternative investment segment and Cowen and Company and its affiliates make up the broker-dealer segment.
Cowen and Company[edit]
Cowen and Company, founded in 1918, is the broker-dealer business of Cowen Inc. Cowen and Company offers a range of investment banking services, including: equity, equity-linked and debt financings and mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Cowen and Company also provides proprietary research, including its Ahead of the CurveTM series, and institutional sales and trading services. Cowen and Company specializes in growth sectors of the economy, including: healthcare, technology, media & telecommunications, consumer, energy, metals and mining, industrials, aerospace & defense and transportation.[12] Business units include:

Research[13]
Investment Banking[14]
Institutional Sales and Trading[15]

Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)[edit]
Cowen Investment Management LLC, founded in 1994 (as Ramius LLC), by Peter Cohen, Jeff Solomon, Morgan Stark, and Tom Strauss,[16] is the global alternative investment management business of Cowen Inc. Cowen Investment Management offers a range of alternative investment strategies including activism, healthcare royalties, event driven equity, real estate, long/short equity, private health care and private equity.
Worldwide Locations[edit]



Main U.S. Locations

New York City, (Global Headquarters)
Atlanta
Boston
San Francisco



International Locations

Hong Kong
London
Luxemburg




References[edit]



^ a b Form 10-K: Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013, p. 42
^ "Cowen Announces New Brand Identity". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Cowen Group Inc.". WSJ.com. The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc.". Answers.com. Answers.com. 
^ "Lehman buys Cowen unit". CNNMoney.com. CNN Money. 
^ Caroline Meehan and Heidi Moore. "Cowen IPO falls short of expectations". Financial News. 
^ John Spence (June 4, 2009). "Cowen and Ramius to merge". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Cowen Group to Acquire LaBranche & Co". BusinessWire.com. February 17, 2011. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Agrees to Acquire Algorithmic Trading Management". BusinessWire.com. January 17, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group Completes Acquisition of KDC Securities". BusinessWire.com. November 5, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC". BusinessWire.com. February 28, 2013. 
^ "Cowen and Company Overview". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Equity Research". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Investment Banking". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Institutional Equity Sales and Trading". Cowen.com. 
^ "Ramius Overview". Cowen.com. 



External links[edit]

Official Company Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cowen_Group&oldid=791623744"					
Categories: Companies established in 1918Banks based in New York CityInvestment banksCompanies listed on NASDAQ2006 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from April 2017All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Cowen Group - Wikipedia





















 






Cowen Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cowen Group, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cowen Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: COWN


Industry
Financial Services
Investment Banking
Asset Management


Founded
1918


Headquarters
599 Lexington Avenue
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Peter A. Cohen, Chairman and CEO, Cowen Inc.
Thomas W. Strauss, Chairman, Cowen Investment Management;
Stephen A. Lasota, CFO, Cowen Inc.
Jeffrey M. Solomon, CEO, Cowen and Company


Products
Investment Banking
Equity Research
Institutional Sales and Trading
Hedge Funds
Healthcare Royalty
Real Estate
Alternative Solutions
Managed Futures


Revenue
 $354.8 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]



Net income

 $27.3 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]


Website
www.cowen.com


[2]Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius LLC), a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business.[3] Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices located worldwide.



Contents


1 Cowen Inc.
2 Cowen and Company
3 Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)
4 Worldwide Locations
5 References
6 External links



Cowen Inc.[edit]
Founded as a bond trading house, the Firm expanded in its early years to include correspondent clearing and execution services. As the Firm grew, it developed a leadership position in railroad bonds and launched a research and institutional sales business. The Firm expanded significantly in the 1970s in research and retail, opening six offices from coast-to-coast and expanding its business offerings through acquisitions: Hardy & Company, Greene & Ladd, G.S. Grumman and McCloy-Watterson & Co., Inc. In the 1980s, Cowen expanded internationally, established an investment banking business, and set up offices in London, Geneva, Paris, and Tokyo. In the 1990s the Firm grew the investment banking business, beginning with five IPOs and follow-ons for approximately $200 million, growing to nearly 80 transactions and $5 billion in proceeds by 1995.[4] The Firm remained independent until 1998 when it was acquired by the French financial services company, Société Générale, and renamed SG Cowen. In 2000, the Firm sold its private client services unit to Lehman Brothers, retaining its investment banking, research and sales and trading operations.[5] The Firm operated as a unit of Societe Generale until 2006, when it was spun off in an initial public offering and renamed itself, Cowen and Company. The public offering was joint bookrun by Cowen, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch.[6] In 2009, the company merged with Ramius LLC to form a diversified financial services company.[7] In February 2011, Cowen acquired LaBranche & Co., a market-maker in options, exchange-traded funds and futures on various exchanges.[8] In 2012, Cowen acquired Algorithmic Trading Management, a provider of global multi-asset class algorithmic execution trading models,[9] and KDC Securities, a securities lending business.[10] In March 2013, Cowen acquired Dahlman Rose & Company LLC, a privately held investment bank specializing in the energy, metals and mining, transportation, chemicals and agriculture sectors.[11] Today, Cowen Inc. provides alternative asset management, investment banking, research and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius and its affiliates make up the alternative investment segment and Cowen and Company and its affiliates make up the broker-dealer segment.
Cowen and Company[edit]
Cowen and Company, founded in 1918, is the broker-dealer business of Cowen Inc. Cowen and Company offers a range of investment banking services, including: equity, equity-linked and debt financings and mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Cowen and Company also provides proprietary research, including its Ahead of the CurveTM series, and institutional sales and trading services. Cowen and Company specializes in growth sectors of the economy, including: healthcare, technology, media & telecommunications, consumer, energy, metals and mining, industrials, aerospace & defense and transportation.[12] Business units include:

Research[13]
Investment Banking[14]
Institutional Sales and Trading[15]

Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)[edit]
Cowen Investment Management LLC, founded in 1994 (as Ramius LLC), by Peter Cohen, Jeff Solomon, Morgan Stark, and Tom Strauss,[16] is the global alternative investment management business of Cowen Inc. Cowen Investment Management offers a range of alternative investment strategies including activism, healthcare royalties, event driven equity, real estate, long/short equity, private health care and private equity.
Worldwide Locations[edit]



Main U.S. Locations

New York City, (Global Headquarters)
Atlanta
Boston
San Francisco



International Locations

Hong Kong
London
Luxemburg




References[edit]



^ a b Form 10-K: Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013, p. 42
^ "Cowen Announces New Brand Identity". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Cowen Group Inc.". WSJ.com. The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc.". Answers.com. Answers.com. 
^ "Lehman buys Cowen unit". CNNMoney.com. CNN Money. 
^ Caroline Meehan and Heidi Moore. "Cowen IPO falls short of expectations". Financial News. 
^ John Spence (June 4, 2009). "Cowen and Ramius to merge". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Cowen Group to Acquire LaBranche & Co". BusinessWire.com. February 17, 2011. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Agrees to Acquire Algorithmic Trading Management". BusinessWire.com. January 17, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group Completes Acquisition of KDC Securities". BusinessWire.com. November 5, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC". BusinessWire.com. February 28, 2013. 
^ "Cowen and Company Overview". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Equity Research". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Investment Banking". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Institutional Equity Sales and Trading". Cowen.com. 
^ "Ramius Overview". Cowen.com. 



External links[edit]

Official Company Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cowen_Group&oldid=791623744"					
Categories: Companies established in 1918Banks based in New York CityInvestment banksCompanies listed on NASDAQ2006 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from April 2017All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Cowen Group - Wikipedia





















 






Cowen Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cowen Group, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cowen Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: COWN


Industry
Financial Services
Investment Banking
Asset Management


Founded
1918


Headquarters
599 Lexington Avenue
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Peter A. Cohen, Chairman and CEO, Cowen Inc.
Thomas W. Strauss, Chairman, Cowen Investment Management;
Stephen A. Lasota, CFO, Cowen Inc.
Jeffrey M. Solomon, CEO, Cowen and Company


Products
Investment Banking
Equity Research
Institutional Sales and Trading
Hedge Funds
Healthcare Royalty
Real Estate
Alternative Solutions
Managed Futures


Revenue
 $354.8 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]



Net income

 $27.3 million USD (LTM as of Sept. 30, 2014) [1]


Website
www.cowen.com


[2]Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius LLC), a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business.[3] Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices located worldwide.



Contents


1 Cowen Inc.
2 Cowen and Company
3 Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)
4 Worldwide Locations
5 References
6 External links



Cowen Inc.[edit]
Founded as a bond trading house, the Firm expanded in its early years to include correspondent clearing and execution services. As the Firm grew, it developed a leadership position in railroad bonds and launched a research and institutional sales business. The Firm expanded significantly in the 1970s in research and retail, opening six offices from coast-to-coast and expanding its business offerings through acquisitions: Hardy & Company, Greene & Ladd, G.S. Grumman and McCloy-Watterson & Co., Inc. In the 1980s, Cowen expanded internationally, established an investment banking business, and set up offices in London, Geneva, Paris, and Tokyo. In the 1990s the Firm grew the investment banking business, beginning with five IPOs and follow-ons for approximately $200 million, growing to nearly 80 transactions and $5 billion in proceeds by 1995.[4] The Firm remained independent until 1998 when it was acquired by the French financial services company, Société Générale, and renamed SG Cowen. In 2000, the Firm sold its private client services unit to Lehman Brothers, retaining its investment banking, research and sales and trading operations.[5] The Firm operated as a unit of Societe Generale until 2006, when it was spun off in an initial public offering and renamed itself, Cowen and Company. The public offering was joint bookrun by Cowen, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch.[6] In 2009, the company merged with Ramius LLC to form a diversified financial services company.[7] In February 2011, Cowen acquired LaBranche & Co., a market-maker in options, exchange-traded funds and futures on various exchanges.[8] In 2012, Cowen acquired Algorithmic Trading Management, a provider of global multi-asset class algorithmic execution trading models,[9] and KDC Securities, a securities lending business.[10] In March 2013, Cowen acquired Dahlman Rose & Company LLC, a privately held investment bank specializing in the energy, metals and mining, transportation, chemicals and agriculture sectors.[11] Today, Cowen Inc. provides alternative asset management, investment banking, research and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius and its affiliates make up the alternative investment segment and Cowen and Company and its affiliates make up the broker-dealer segment.
Cowen and Company[edit]
Cowen and Company, founded in 1918, is the broker-dealer business of Cowen Inc. Cowen and Company offers a range of investment banking services, including: equity, equity-linked and debt financings and mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Cowen and Company also provides proprietary research, including its Ahead of the CurveTM series, and institutional sales and trading services. Cowen and Company specializes in growth sectors of the economy, including: healthcare, technology, media & telecommunications, consumer, energy, metals and mining, industrials, aerospace & defense and transportation.[12] Business units include:

Research[13]
Investment Banking[14]
Institutional Sales and Trading[15]

Cowen Investment Management LLC (formerly Ramius LLC)[edit]
Cowen Investment Management LLC, founded in 1994 (as Ramius LLC), by Peter Cohen, Jeff Solomon, Morgan Stark, and Tom Strauss,[16] is the global alternative investment management business of Cowen Inc. Cowen Investment Management offers a range of alternative investment strategies including activism, healthcare royalties, event driven equity, real estate, long/short equity, private health care and private equity.
Worldwide Locations[edit]



Main U.S. Locations

New York City, (Global Headquarters)
Atlanta
Boston
San Francisco



International Locations

Hong Kong
London
Luxemburg




References[edit]



^ a b Form 10-K: Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013, p. 42
^ "Cowen Announces New Brand Identity". www.businesswire.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Cowen Group Inc.". WSJ.com. The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc.". Answers.com. Answers.com. 
^ "Lehman buys Cowen unit". CNNMoney.com. CNN Money. 
^ Caroline Meehan and Heidi Moore. "Cowen IPO falls short of expectations". Financial News. 
^ John Spence (June 4, 2009). "Cowen and Ramius to merge". MarketWatch.com. 
^ "Cowen Group to Acquire LaBranche & Co". BusinessWire.com. February 17, 2011. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Agrees to Acquire Algorithmic Trading Management". BusinessWire.com. January 17, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group Completes Acquisition of KDC Securities". BusinessWire.com. November 5, 2012. 
^ "Cowen Group, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC". BusinessWire.com. February 28, 2013. 
^ "Cowen and Company Overview". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Equity Research". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Investment Banking". Cowen.com. 
^ "Cowen and Company Institutional Equity Sales and Trading". Cowen.com. 
^ "Ramius Overview". Cowen.com. 



External links[edit]

Official Company Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cowen_Group&oldid=791623744"					
Categories: Companies established in 1918Banks based in New York CityInvestment banksCompanies listed on NASDAQ2006 initial public offeringsHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from April 2017All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 12:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Cowen Group Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports





Cowen Group Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials





Date:
May 1, 2016



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Electronic (e.g. PDF) - US$ 200.00
Hard Copy - US$ 350.00
CD-ROM - US$ 300.00
Site Licence - US$ 300.00
Enterprisewide - US$ 500.00




Publisher:
OG Analysis


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
C9FF9694A94EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





'Cowen Group Inc. Business Profile' is a comprehensive research on the company’s operations across the value chain. The report on Cowen Group Inc. analyzes the company’s key strategies, SWOT analysis, future plans and evaluates its key advantages over its competitors. Details of Cowen Group Inc. business description, key products, services and brands along with its geographical locations are included in the research work.The report also details the company’s subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures along with organization structure, key employees and detailed contact information. Further, merger and acquisition, expansion and growth plans of the company in the short to medium term future are also analyzed. Detailed SWOT and financial analysis of Cowen Group Inc. are included in the research work. Key events in the history of the company and all latest updates of the company are provided.SCOPECompany snapshotGeographic locationsSubsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliatesBusiness operations across value chainKey strategies and Outlook statementFuture Plans and ProjectsSWOT AnalysisFinancial AnalysisEmployee Details, Organizational structureKey Events and historyProducts, Services and BrandsCompetitorsLatest UpdatesREASONS TO PURCHASEAnalyze company operations across value chainEvaluate your strategies against this company’s in terms of risk, advantages and performanceGain Insights into the key strategies being adopted by the company to increase their market sharesEvaluate key strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats facing the organizationFrame strategies based on company’s business structure, strategy and prospectsCapitalize on the analysis of experienced companies when entering a new niche or marketUnderstand the processes opted by key industry players which give them a competitive edgeUnderstand the company's financial status through our data on statements and ratios



1 TABLE OF CONTENTS1.1 List of Tables1.2 List of Figures2 COWEN GROUP INC.- KEY INFORMATION2.1 Cowen Group Inc.- Overview2.2 Cowen Group Inc.- Snapshot2.3 Key Business Strategies3 COWEN GROUP INC.- GLOBAL OPERATIONS3.1 Geographical Locations3.2 Subsidiaries, Associated Companies4 COWEN GROUP INC.- SWOT ANALYSIS4.1 Key Strengths4.2 Key Weaknesses4.3 Key Opportunities4.4 Key Threats5 COWEN GROUP INC.- COMPANY OUTLOOK STATEMENT6 COWEN GROUP INC.- KEY EVENTS AND HISTORY7 COWEN GROUP INC.- BUSINESS OPERATION STRUCTURE8 COWEN GROUP INC.- MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES8.1 Key Products8.2 Key Services8.3 Major Brands9 COWEN GROUP INC.-KEY COMPETITORS10 COWEN GROUP INC.- KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION11 COWEN GROUP INC.- FINANCIAL ANALYSIS11.1 Income Statements11.2 Cash Flow Statements11.3 Balance Sheet12 COWEN GROUP INC.- CONTACT DETAILS13 COWEN GROUP INC.- LATEST UPDATES14 APPENDIX14.1 About OGAnalysis14.2 Sources and Methodology14.3 Contact Information14.4 DisclaimerFinancial Analysis will be provided for the latest year as reported by the company


LIST OF TABLESTable 1: Cowen Group Inc.- Operations and Financial SnapshotTable 2: Cowen Group Inc.- Operating LocationsTable 3: Key EventsTable 4: Cowen Group Inc.- Income StatementsTable 5: Cowen Group Inc.- Balance Sheet


LIST OF FIGURESFigure 1: SWOT AnalysisFigure 2: Financial StatementsCOMPANIES MENTIONEDCowen Group Inc.
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Enstar Group Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages


Equitable Group Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages


First Security Group, Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages


Forestar Group Inc Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages


Fortress International Group, Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Cowen Group Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:
























Cowen Group, Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Investment Banking Industry Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Competitive Reports


















Cowen Group, Inc.Company Information

599 Lexington AveNew York, NY, 10022 United States(212) 845-7900 †

Cowen Group, Inc. Rankings

					Russell 2000 (June 2016)

Top 3 Competitors

MORGAN STANLEY
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
Fortress Investment Group LLC



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Cowen Group, Inc. Company Profile


   The Cowen Group aims to herd its clients' investments in the right direction. The firm, along with its subsidiaries, offers alternative investment management, research, investment banking, and sales and trading services. Its Ramius arm, with some $12.5 billion of assets under management, handles alternative investments, while another subsidiary, Cowen and Company, represents the firm's investment banking and brokerage practice, which mainly entails strategic advisory and corporate finance services for small to midsized companies. Cowen Group offers expanded trading operations through LaBranche & Co., a market maker for options, exchange-traded funds, and futures.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Cowen Group, Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

New York, NY, United States
Finance & Insurance Sector
Asset Management
Custodial & Trust Services
Investment Banking
Securities Brokerages







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Cowen Group, Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Investment Banking Industry Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Competitive Reports















Cowen Group, Inc. Revenue and Financial Data


   The Cowen Group aims to herd its clients' investments in the right direction. The firm, along with its subsidiaries, offers alternative investment management, research, investment banking, and sales and trading services. Its Ramius arm, with some $12.5 billion of assets under management, handles alternative investments, while another subsidiary, Cowen and Company, represents the firm's investment banking and brokerage practice, which mainly entails strategic advisory and corporate finance services for small to midsized companies. Cowen Group offers expanded trading operations through LaBranche & Co., a market maker for options, exchange-traded funds, and futures.
  







Financials Information for Cowen Group, Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012




Revenue
$471.565
$464.567
$427.776
$327.246
$240.48


Gross Profit
$0.0
$0.0
$0.0
$0.0
$0.0


Operating Income
$-39.811
$-12.483
$-18.875
$-6.027
$-74.638


Net Income
$-19.277
$43.729
$167.216
$4.647
$-23.885


Diluted EPS
$-0.97
$1.36
$5.6
$0.16
$-0.84










Cash Flow (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Cash at the beginning of the year
$172.419
$130.01
$56.768


Net Operating Cash
$-354.774
$-67.352
$-66.711


Net Investing Cash
$58.514
$-47.429
$-37.459


Net Financing Cash
$249.789
$143.757
$178.959


Net Change in Cash
$-46.471
$28.976
$74.789


Cash at end of the year
$129.775
$172.419
$130.01


Capital Expenditure
$-15.613
$-7.03
$-2.224










Assets (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Assets


Cash
$129.775
$172.419
$130.01


Net Receivables
$98.755
$130.551
$92.563


Inventories
$
$
$


Other Income Assets
$22.901
$39.618
$49.877


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$265.367
$353.226
$278.916


Net Fixed Assets
$42.408
$27.231
$26.388


Other Noncurrent Assets
$26.676
$60.427
$25.328


Total Assets
$2018.523
$1792.454
$2405.676






Liabilities (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$15.071
$15.347
$8.068


Short Term Debt
$77.03
$70.984
$749.637


Other Current Liabilities
$505.016
$415.769
$591.358


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$713.601
$671.097
$1503.397


Long Term Debt
$130.029
$124.777
$118.475


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$22.685
$19.248
$19.02


Total Liabilities
$1245.873
$1002.461
$1728.001






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$0.001
$0.001
$


Common Stock Equity
$0.292
$1.167
$1.16


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$772.65
$789.993
$677.675


Shares Outstanding
26.73
26.4
27.92







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Cowen Group, Inc.                                                                                                        - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Cowen Group, Inc.
                                    



 





















C 


Cowen Group, Inc.                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



181 W MADISON ST STE 1925 CHICAGO, IL 60602
Get Directions



(312) 577-2240
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Cowen Group


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Map Search





Related Locations

PhoenixNYErie, PA, United StatesSomersworth, New HampshireAnaheim, CA 92801 


Company

Professional Partners GroupFenwick & West LLPContinental AG GroupCarmeuseFitness24 


Related Job Titles

Corporate/Group AccountantPractice Group DirectorRegional Group Fitness ManagerCycle Group X InstructorDock Group Leader; 


Zip Code

9xxxx 


Date

Last MonthLast Week 





 



Map search for Cowen Group 
X





Post Job
                Cowen Group - Find a new job today!









1 - 15 of 616305 job search results


Investment Banking Analyst - Healthcare Group

New York City, NY
Company Profile Cowen and Company, LLC, is a publicly traded investment bank focused on emerging ... product or corporate finance group. Our analysts can expect a fast-paced, demanding work ...


C++ Python Linux Developer Cambridge Graduates Considered.

Cambridge, Cambridgeshire
You should also have a good degree from a Russell group university For an informal discussion please contact Andrew Pearson at Edgar Cowen on 0121 265 7914, otherwise send your CV


Investment Banking Analyst - Industrials Group - NY

New York City, NY
Company Profile Cowen and Company, LLC, is a publicly traded investment bank focused on emerging ... product or corporate finance group. Our analysts can expect a fast-paced, demanding work ...



Related Searches

Dr Pepper Snapple Group
Group Fitness Instructor
Group Fitness Instructor 
Group Exercise Instructor
Adecco Group
Group Sales Manager
Group Home Manager
Group Home Administrator
Picerne Real Estate Group
Group Leader
Group Sales Director
Blue Canopy Group



In-House Counsel - IP & Technology Contracts

Michael Page US - Manhattan, NY
Ryan Cowen Quote job ref:. Ability to work collegially in a medium-sized inhouse group of lawyers serving a very smart, demanding, and diverse client group in...


Senior Scientist or Senior Engineer, Process & Manufacturing


They include OrbiMed Advisors, F-Prime Capital, Borealis Ventures, Thiel Capital, Cowen Private Investments, GV, and Alexandria Real Estate Ventures. Our Process & Manufacturing Group is seeking a ...


Bridge Group Leader

CCG - NY
Want to take the next step up in your career? Consider a Bridge Group Leader role in Rochester, NY. Rochester is a beautiful mid-sized city with a rich ...



Get new COWEN GROUP JOBS by email!






Activate




You can unsubscribe anytime.

 
Practice Group Director

Law Firm - Mountain View, CA



Regional Group Fitness Manager

Crunch - NY
Do you want to join an industry leading group fitness department? Crunch Fitness is looking for seasoned fitness professional to join our fast-paced, ...


Cycle Group X Instructor

Fitness24 - Anaheim, CA 92801
24 Hour Fitness - JobID: 30BC6AFAA82E47F997EBF5564C0BAF84 [Retail / Guest Service] The Group X Instructor (GXI) leads members through group exercise ...


Corporate/Group Accountant

Professional Partners Group
Job Description Corporate/Group Accountant Position Summary: Ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience working as an Accountant for an Industrial ...




Does your resume pass the 6-second test? Find out!
TopResume - New York, NY
See what employers think of your resume. Submit your resume for a free evaluation and receive constructive feedback on how well it communicates your skills and experience…



Corporate/Group Accountant

Professional Partners Group - Phoenix
Job Description Corporate/Group Accountant Position Summary: Ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience working as an Accountant for an Industrial ...


Corporate/Group Accountant

Professional Partners Group - Phoenix
Job Description Corporate/Group Accountant Position Summary: Ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience working as an Accountant for an Industrial ...


Practice Group Director

Fenwick & West LLP - Mountain View, CA
Fenwick & West is seeking candidates for a new position to provide senior-level administrative support to one of the Firm's core practice groups. This is an excellent opportunity for a motivated, self


Dock Group Leader;

Carmeuse - Erie, PA, United States
Company Description: Carmeuse Lime & Stone is a leading manufacturer of lime and limestone products used to benefit the environment in many ways including ...


FE Finishing Group Leader

Continental AG Group - Somersworth, New Hampshire
About Continental With sales of 40.5 billion in 2016, Continental is among the leading automotive suppliers worldwide and currently employs more than ...





12345...41087Next














Related Searches

Dr Pepper Snapple Group
Group Fitness Instructor
Group Fitness Instructor 
Group Exercise Instructor
Adecco Group
Group Sales Manager
Group Home Manager
Group Home Administrator
Picerne Real Estate Group
Group Leader
Group Sales Director
Blue Canopy Group





Get new jobs for this search by email!




Activate



You can unsubscribe anytime.
























Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH











COWEN GROUP JOBS✖
Leave us your email address and we'll send you all of the new jobs for: COWEN GROUP JOBS


Send me new jobs

You can easily edit or cancel your job alerts anytime.


















jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH
















 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on cowen  family
We found ((number)) records for cowen  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for cowen  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the cowen  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the cowen family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the cowen family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on brown  family
We found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the brown  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on davis  family
We found ((number)) records for davis  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for davis  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the davis  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the davis family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the davis family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on jones  family
We found ((number)) records for jones  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for jones  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the jones  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the jones family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the jones family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on smith  family
We found ((number)) records for smith  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for smith  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the smith  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the smith family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the smith family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎

















Cowen Group (COWN) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $17
                  (28%  upside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    0%
                  

                of 1 analyst


                    Latest:     Instinet | neutral | $17  | 
                                              02/21
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for COWN  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)














