













































Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Careers




 
 






Private Clients
Institutions
Financial  Intermediaries

 








Crawford Investment Counsel is an independent investment firm that actively manages equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios for institutions and private clients. Founded in 1980, our goal is to deliver superior, consistent, risk-adjusted, and tax-efficient returns. These results are achieved by investing in a conservative manner. Our clients have chosen us to preserve their assets, generate income, and provide attractive total investment return.



A Message From Our Founder



Municipal Bond Book

3rd Quarter Economic Outlook




 
 
 
 



 
 

 
 
 
 







 


  Our Professionals









































Home | Contact Us




 
 






Our Professionals
Our firm’s greatest assets are our people. Over the years, we have created a very stable group of experienced professionals that believe in the firm’s guiding principles. The average tenure at our firm is 14 years. The combination of experience and stability allows us to provide a high level of client service that our clients deserve.
 
 



 
 


Equity Investment Team
Fixed Income Team
Client Service
Client Development
Trading & Operations
Leadership

 
 
 
 
 







 


  About Us










































Home | Contact Us




 
 






Firm Overview

100% employee-owned, independent investment management boutique
Approximately $5.4 billion in assets managed for institutions, private clients and their advisors*
Founded 1980
High level of client retention from sound investment results, low risk, and superior client service
Focus on quality, consistency, downside protection, and income across all investment strategies
Consistently applied investment approach since the firm’s inception
Organization with substantial resources in research and analysis, portfolio management, and client service
Multiple generations in place to run the firm on its founding principles

*As of June 30, 2017
 
 



 
 


Our History
Leadership
Our Guiding Principles

 
 
 
 
 







 


  Founder’s Message









































Home | Contact Us




 
 






A Message from Our Founder
Welcome to Crawford Investment Counsel. We are pleased to share with you the merits of our firm and how we have earned the confidence and good will of our high net worth and institutional clients. We serve and have worked with many of them for more than 30 years. Our investment strategies focus on high-quality and fundamentally sound securities that are well positioned for the longer term. Providing excellent downside protection is an essential part of our investment approach.
The value of our firm can be attributed to our people. We believe in them and their capabilities, and we are proud of the long tenure of our investment, marketing and client service team. Through equity participation and profit-sharing plans, we continue to reward all of our employees who have contributed to our success. We believe the low turnover in our staff reflects a feeling of ownership in a very special Crawford tradition.
We are grateful for the trust our clients have placed in us to manage their assets. They expect us to do so with prudence, consistency and care. We have made substantial investments in the resources, technology and processes required to scale our capabilities commensurate with the firm’s growth. Our commitment is to provide best-in-class investment management and outstanding client service. Please explore our site. I assure you that we will do our utmost to exceed your expectations.
Sincerely,

 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 







 


  Contact Us










































Home | Contact Us




 
 







Headquarters:
600 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1650
Atlanta, Georgia, USA 30339
Phone: (770) 859-0045
Fax: (770) 859-0049
Email: info@crawfordinvestment.com
Florida Office:
822 Hwy A1A North, Suite 310
Ponte Vedra, FL 32082
Phone: (904) 273-8016
Fax: (904) 273-8015
Email: info@crawfordinvestment.com
California Office:
65 Enterprise, 3rd Floor
Aliso Viejo, CA 92656
Phone: (949) 330-6925
Fax: (949) 330-6927
Email: info@crawfordinvestment.com
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 







 


  Institutions










































Home | Contact Us




 
 







Institutions
Crawford manages assets for institutions, including hospitals, endowments, foundations, faith-based organizations, corporations, public funds and Taft-Hartley plans. Our institutional clients are attracted to our conservative investment principles:

Ability to implement our investment philosophy of focusing on quality and stability
Consistent application of a fundamental, bottom-up investment process
Attractive trade-off between risk and return of a defensive strategy

We have a long history of working with institutional clients. The Crawford investment process has endured the rigorous qualitative and quantitative reviews by institutional consultants which many times have led to our selection and retention over the long term. Our commitment to transparency, to maintain the integrity of the investment process and to produce consistent returns, has withstood the test of time – some relationships have been as long as 30 years. Today, nearly half of the firm’s assets are institutional.
Our success in maintaining long-standing relationships is predicated on providing attractive risk-adjusted returns over a full market cycle.
For additional information, please contact Troy DeCastro.
 
 



 
 


Private Clients
Institutions
Financial  Intermediaries

 
 
 
 
 







 

Crawford Investment Counsel 







Crawford Managed Income Strategy | Crawford Investment Counsel, Inc.












































 




A separately managed portfolio offering  current income from individual securities. Contact Shawn Moran, Product Specialist, to learn more about Crawford Managed Income Strategy.
Main Office: 770-859-0045  |  Direct Line: 770-644-7826Email: smoran@crawfordinvestment.com






Read More About This Strategy





View Strategy Presentation





Read the Article on Income Investing






About Crawford Investment Counsel
Crawford Investment Counsel, Inc. is an employee-owned, independent investment management firm, founded in 1980. With approximately $5.2 billion in assets managed for institutions, private clients and their advisors, Crawford focuses on quality, consistency, downside protection, and income across all investment strategies.













  Our Professionals









































Home | Contact Us




 
 






Our Professionals
Our firm’s greatest assets are our people. Over the years, we have created a very stable group of experienced professionals that believe in the firm’s guiding principles. The average tenure at our firm is 14 years. The combination of experience and stability allows us to provide a high level of client service that our clients deserve.
 
 



 
 


Equity Investment Team
Fixed Income Team
Client Service
Client Development
Trading & Operations
Leadership

 
 
 
 
 







 

Crawford Investment Counsel Inc                                                                                          - Atlanta                                           , GA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



Atlanta



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            Crawford Investment Counsel Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Crawford Investment Counsel Inc                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



600 GALLERIA PKWY NW 16 STE 1650 ATLANTA, GA 30339
Get Directions



(770) 859-0045
www.crawfordinvestmentfunds.com                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 1980
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,092,738.00
 Employee Count 17
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts John H Crawford Jr                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1980, Crawford Investment Counsel Inc                                                                                          has been providing Investment Counselors from Atlanta. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















Crawford Investment Counsel, Inc. : Top Money Managers  












 





  About Us






































Home | Contact Us | Open An Account




 
 






The Funds’ Investment Advisor is Crawford Investment Counsel, Inc.
Overview

100% employee-owned, independent investment management boutique.
Approximately $5.2 billion in assets managed for institutions, private clients and their advisors (as of 3/31/2017).
Founded 1980.
High level of client retention from sound investment results, risk management, and high level of client service.
An objective of consistency, downside protection, and income across all investment strategies.
Consistently applied investment approach since the firm’s inception.
Organization with substantial resources in research, investment, portfolio management, and client service.
Multiple generations in place to run the firm on its founding principles.

 
Given the significant differences between separately managed accounts and mutual funds, investors should consider the differences in expenses, tax implications, and the overall objectives between separately managed accounts and mutual funds before investing. Past performance of the strategy/separately managed account is not indicative of future performance of the fund.
You should carefully consider the investment objectives, potential risks, management fees, and charges and expenses of the Fund before investing. The Fund’s prospectus and summary prospectus contains this and other information about the Fund, and should be read carefully before investing. You may obtain a current copy of the Fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus by calling 1-800-431-1716. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Distributed by Unified Financial Securities, LLC. (Member FINRA)
Check the background of Unified Financial Securities, LLC. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
 



 
 


Fund Management

 
 
 
 
 




 









































Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Open An Account




 
 






Crawford Dividend Growth Fund
Crawford Dividend Opportunity Fund
Crawford Dividend  Yield Fund
Daily NAV



 
Close
+/-
%
YTD %




CDYLX
26.40
-0.10
-0.38
 


CDGIX
10.40
-0.01
-0.10
 


CDGCX
10.31
-0.01
-0.10
 


CDOFX
41.60
-0.40
-0.95
 


CDOCX
41.43
-0.40
-0.96
 



As of 07/26/2017














Why Dividends?   Investing in dividend-paying stocks is an excellent way to pursue your investment objectives. Individual investors value the ability of dividends to provide income. Dividends also have the potential to help provide downside protection in difficult market environments. Crawford Investment Counsel, The Advisor for the Crawford Mutual Funds, employs dividends in each of its equity investment strategies. A company’s dividend history plays a vital role in identifying companies with the characteristics the Advisor seeks – quality, consistency, and stability. Through the Crawford Mutual Funds, investors can access the same dividend-oriented investment philosophy and strategies offered to The Advisor’s institutional and private clients through separate accounts.


 
Given the significant differences between separately managed accounts and mutual funds, investors should consider the differences in expenses, tax implications, and the overall objectives between separately managed accounts and mutual funds before investing. Past performance of the strategy/separately managed account is not indicative of future performance of the fund.
You should carefully consider the investment objectives, potential risks, management fees, and charges and expenses of the Fund before investing. The Fund’s prospectus and summary prospectus contains this and other information about the Fund, and should be read carefully before investing. You may obtain a current copy of the Fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus by calling 1-800-431-1716. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
 
Distributed by Unified Financial Securities, LLC. (Member FINRA)
Check the background of Unified Financial Securities, LLC. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
 



 
 

 
 
 
 




 ﻿






























Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for CA Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CA Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Chairman Sells $1,781,400.00 in Stock
Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd.
Laffer Investments Buys New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB)
Northgate plc (NTG) Insider Acquires £21,400 in Stock
Godfrey Sullivan Sells 40,000 Shares of Splunk Inc. (SPLK) Stock
HighTower Advisors LLC Increases Position in Ply Gem Holdings, Inc. (PGEM)
HighTower Advisors LLC Invests $561,000 in HDFC Bank Limited (HDB)
WILLIAM HIL ADR (WIMHY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
$0.15 Earnings Per Share Expected for Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) This Quarter
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Boosts Stake in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC)
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX) Shares Sold by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 5,881 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)
72,662 Shares in HP Inc. (HPQ) Acquired by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Acquires 250 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) to Release Earnings on Wednesday
athenahealth’s (ATHN) Market Perform Rating Reiterated at William Blair
Citigroup Inc. Trims Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) Target Price to $118.00
Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA)
Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT)
Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Buys 1,333 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE:CAG)







Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Highland Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 5,871 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $202,000. 
Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Country Club Trust Company n.a. increased its stake in  CA by 1.8% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 300,164 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $9,521,000 after buying an additional 5,361 shares in the last quarter.  First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services increased its stake in  CA by 18.2% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services now owns 62,163 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,972,000 after buying an additional 9,575 shares in the last quarter.  Creative Planning increased its stake in  CA by 43.9% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 5,989 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $190,000 after buying an additional 1,828 shares in the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners increased its stake in  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC increased its stake in  CA by 9.6% in the first quarter. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC now owns 81,859 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,595,000 after buying an additional 7,188 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 


 Get CA Inc. alerts:



CA Inc. (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.42 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $33.50 and its 200 day moving average is $32.46. The firm has a market cap of $14.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. CA Inc. has a 12 month low of $30.01 and a 12 month high of $36.54. 





CA (NASDAQ:CA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.60 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts expect that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/highland-capital-management-llc-takes-position-in-ca-inc-ca.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Citigroup Inc. boosted their target price on shares of CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of CA in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $35.10.
In other news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 168,455 shares in the company, valued at $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).







Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 

























































































Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Careers




 
 






Private Clients
Institutions
Financial  Intermediaries

 








Crawford Investment Counsel is an independent investment firm that actively manages equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios for institutions and private clients. Founded in 1980, our goal is to deliver superior, consistent, risk-adjusted, and tax-efficient returns. These results are achieved by investing in a conservative manner. Our clients have chosen us to preserve their assets, generate income, and provide attractive total investment return.



A Message From Our Founder



Municipal Bond Book

3rd Quarter Economic Outlook




 
 
 
 



 
 

 
 
 
 







  



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


