




Michael F. Crowley | NREL





























Skip to main content









Toggle Search






Search NREL.gov

Search











National Renewable Energy Laboratory













40 Years of Advanced Energy Innovation


About 

About NREL 
40th Anniversary
Mission & Programs
Leadership
Technology Transfer
Newsroom
Community
Sustainability
Visiting NREL
Contact Us


Research 

Research 
Highlights
Publications
Collaborations
Impact


Working With Us 

Working With Us 
Partnerships
Facilities
Licensing
Entrepreneurship
Procurement
Energy Education 
Success Stories
FAQs


Careers 

Careers 
Find a Job
Your Career at NREL
Interns & Postdocs

























Michael Crowley
Principal Scientist Computational Biophysics
Michael.Crowley@nrel.gov |
                           								
                              									303-384-6345
                              								



Research Interests
Dr. Michael F. Crowley is a principal scientist in the National Renewable Energy Laboratory's
                  (NREL's) Biosciences Center, having joined the laboratory in 2007 to develop a simulation
                  and theory team. He leads the theory, modeling, and simulation efforts for biofuels
                  research. He is the principal investigator for the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE's)
                  Bioenergy Technologies Office (BETO) project "Biochemical Process Modeling and Simulation,"
                  in which enzyme digestion, metabolic modeling, and reactor and process design are
                  the main thrusts. He is co-principal investigator and leads the modeling thrust of
                  C3Bio, the Energy Frontier Research Center, in which NREL is a partner with Purdue,
                  and multiple other collaborative projects in biofuels and computational chemistry
                  research. He and his team maintain a level of productivity that produces on the order
                  of 15 peer-reviewed articles a year and as many presentations, and they are regarded
                  internationally as arguably the most productive and authoritative center for biofuel
                  and biomass simulation and theory.
               
Crowley is a developer of both CHARMM and Amber molecular dynamics software for biological
                  macromolecular simulation and has contributed significant advances to highly parallel,
                  high-performance scientific software for use on supercomputers. Until recently his
                  team included Antti-Pekka Hynninen, who is pushing the frontier of scientific simulation
                  using the most up-to-date computer hardware available in preparation for future computer
                  architectures. Crowlely's group has designed and implemented new methods and algorithms
                  specifically for biomass and biofuel-related questions.
               
An author on more than 130 peer-reviewed scientific articles, Crowley has given more
                  than 200 presentations, more than 50 of those being by invitation.
               
Crowley received his B.S. in chemistry from Fordham University, and his M.S. and Ph.D.
                  in physical chemistry from the University of Montana, with a short period of study
                  at the University of Alberta. His postdoctoral fellowship was at Brandeis University
                  with Dr. Irving Epstein. His doctoral and post-doctoral research was studying coupled
                  chemical oscillators and coupled nonlinear differential equations, and it was the
                  only study to date of nonforced coupled chemical reactions showing synchronization,
                  locking, and chaotic behaviors. In his time as assistant professor at Penn State University,
                  Crowley moved to studies of semiconductor surfaces. At West Virginia University, he
                  applied the nonlinear dynamical theories to controlling chaos in chemical oscillators
                  and flame fronts. In addition, at Carnegie Mellon University and the Pittsburgh Supercomputing
                  Center, and at The Scripps Research Institute with David Case and Charles Brooks,
                  Crowley developed highly parallel methods for simulations of bio-macromolecules.
               

Affiliated Research Programs


Enzyme–Microbe Development


Biomass Deconstruction & Pretreatment


Biological & Catalytic Conversion of Sugars & Lignin


Process Design, Modeling, & Economics


BioEnergy Science Center (BESC)


Center for Direct Catalytic Conversion of Biomass to Biofuels (C3Bio)


CHARMM Modernizaton and Performance


NIH-funded collaboration with Professor Charles L. Brooks III at the University of
                              Michigan
                           





Areas of Expertise
Biomass Degrading Enzyme Biophysics and Design
Cellulases and other biomass-active enzymes are used in the industrial conversion
                  of biomass to its components for further upgrading to fuels and products. Research
                  on these enzymes is focused on determining the mechanism of action, thermodynamics,
                  and barriers in the enzymatic digestion of plant cell walls. Using molecular mechanics
                  and dynamics with advanced sampling methods, Crowley and his team determine free energies
                  such as binding of substrates, conformational changes, reaction profiles, and barriers,
                  with the aim of gaining basic understanding of how the enzymes work and how they can
                  be engineered to work more efficiently for better fuel production. The team has had
                  successes with many cellulases and lytic polysaccharide monooxygenases, uncovering
                  the mechanisms of their CBMs, linkers, active sites, and binding sites, and predicting
                  mutational changes for better performance.
               






Cellulose Binding Domain is thermodynamically more stable on the top, hydrophobic
                        face of cellulose.
                     








Product (blue) binding in a Family 48 Cellobiohydrolase is bound in the pocket by
                        amino acids (yellow), which are present all the way until their product is expelled.
                     


Cellulose, Hemicellulose, Other Plant Cell Wall Materials
Cellulose is the most plentiful biopolymer on Earth. The research of Crowley and his
                  team discovers the intricacies of cell-wall polymer structure and function and their
                  interactions to form cell wall architecture. The aim has traditionally been to understand
                  the substrate of the enzymes studied in order to improve both the enzymes and the
                  pretreatment methods, with the long-term goal of possibly changing the cellulose that
                  has been produced by plants. The team is expanding research to study material properties.
                  Strong publications in cellulose structure including force field analysis, polymorph
                  studies, decrystallization thermodynamics, and structural understanding such as how
                  twist occurs in cellulose are being published. The team's efforts are also directed
                  toward understanding the production of cell wall materials through synthase, transferase,
                  and assembly modeling and simulation.
               






Cellulose fibril twist studied to determine source of twisting in hydrogen bonding
                        patterns. 
                     



Model of cellulose fibril formation from synthase rosettes in plants.

Cellulose fibril twist studied to determine source of twisting in hydrogen bonding
                  patterns.
               

Cellulose fibril twist studied to determine source of twisting in hydrogen bonding
                  patterns. This modeling will help to understand the interactions that are important
                  in cell walls and in breaking them down to component sugars to be upgraded to fuels.
               
Cellulosomes
In BESC, the computational modeling has centered on the mechanisms of recalcitrance
                  and bacterial conversion of cell wall material. One of the most fascinating and effective
                  mechanisms found in bacteria is the cellulosome approach in which anywhere from a
                  few to tens of enzymes and other cell-wall-active components are assembled on scaffolds,
                  which may be tethered to the bacterium bind and act on plant cell walls to depolymerize
                  cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin to oligomers that can be upgraded within the
                  bacterial cell.
               






Coarse-grain model of complex cellulosome with 7 primary scaffolds on a secondary
                        scaffold interacting with three coarse-grain cellulose fibrils. The cellulosome and
                        its enzyme components have many cellulose-binding domains that result in the binding
                        behavior viewed here. 
                     


Coarse-grain model of complex cellulosome with 7 primary scaffolds on a secondary
                  scaffold interacting with three coarse-grain cellulose fibrils. The cellulosome and
                  its enzyme components have many cellulose-binding domains that result in the binding
                  behavior viewed here.
               
Sugar Upgrading Enzyme Biophysics and Design
In the Biochemical Platform of the BETO, Crowley leads the Biochemical Process Modeling
                  and Simulation Project, which partners with experimental approaches to producing fuels
                  and high-value products from sugars and lignin. The modeling is directed at bottlenecks
                  in the molecular and metabolic processes involved in transport and upgrading. This
                  includes enzyme design for selectivity, activity, pH and temperature optimization,
                  and prediction of mutations and heterologous pathway design.
               

Thioesterase is a key enzyme in producing fatty acids from sugars in the pathway from
                  sugars to diesel and aviation fuels by microbes.
               
Molecular Dynamics and Simulation Code Development
CHARMM and Amber code development is an integral part of Crowley's work. He has been
                  a developer of Amber and CHARMM since 1995 and has contributed to the high-performance
                  aspects of both and he has led efforts to modernize them. The development of the fast
                  DOMDEC code in CHARMM was led by Crowley through the heroic efforts of Antti-Pekka
                  Hynninen at NREL and has brought CHARMM to the level of performance of other high-performing
                  codes carrying with it the vast and unparalleled scientific functionality and the
                  introduction of parallel GPU implementations. This work continues with new methods
                  of sampling that harness the immense computational power of the leadership-class machines
                  in DOE and the XSEDE centers.
               

Education


Postdoctoral Fellow, Brandeis University


Ph.D., Physical Chemistry, University of Montana


M.S., Physical Chemistry, University of Montana


B.S., Chemistry, Fordham University



Featured Publications


"The Molecular Origins of Twist in Cellulose I-beta," Carbohydrate Polymers (2015)
                     


"Predicting enzyme adsorption to lignin films by calculating enzyme surface hydrophobicity," Journal of Biological Chemistry (2014)
                     


"Carbohydrate-protein interactions that drive processive polysaccharide translocation
                           in enzymes revealed from a computational study of cellobiohydrolase processivity," Journal of the American Chemical Society (2014)
                     


View all NREL Publications  for Michael F. Crowley.
               














 Share
 Email
















Did you find what you needed?

Yes

No









Thank you for your feedback.

Would you like to take a moment to tell us how we can improve this page?












We value your feedback.
Thanks! We've received your feedback.



Something went wrong.
Please try again later.











































Follow NREL


   Michael Crowley | NOVA Biologics Inc | ZoomInfo.com




Michael F. Crowley - Founder at 108 Securities, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael F. Crowley
Founder at 108 Securities, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Michael F. Crowley
Founder at 108 Securities, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Cassandra Capital Partners LLC

Annidis Corp.

108 Securities, Inc.




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 99 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
April 19, 2016





                        Michael F. Crowley is no longer serving in their position at Annidis Corp.                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Gerald Slemko

Partner at Chelsey Capital LLC




Nick Ribaric

Founder at Annidis Corp.





Rony Thomas

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at LifeNet Health, Inc.




Michael Peter Mueller

Former Executive Vice President & Head of Global Credit at TD Bank Group





Brian Baker

Interim President & Chief Executive Officer at Magor Corp.




Cameron Bramwell

Former Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at Annidis Corp.





Timothy J. McCunn

President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary & Director at Percy Street Capital Corp.




David C. Danziger

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Director at Aumento Capital VI Corp.





Ying Zhi Gu

Head-Business Development at Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co. Ltd.




Robert G. Devenyi

Ophthalmologist-in-Chief & Director of Retinal Services, Donald K. Johnson Eye Center at University Health Network







See 89 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 89 More 


 


 Paths to Michael F. Crowley



            Michael F. Crowley          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael F. Crowley






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael F. Crowley.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Western Ontario

                  The University of Western Ontario, which is commonly referred to among Canadian universities as Western, is a public research university located in London, Ontario, Canada. The university's main campus covers 455 hectares (1,120 acres) of land, with the Thames River running through the eastern portion. The university was founded on 7 March 1878 by Bishop Isaac Hellmuth of the Anglican Diocese of Huron as "The Western University of London Ontario." It incorporated Huron University College, which had been founded in 1863.                




 


McMaster University

                  McMaster University is a public research university located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on 121 hectares (300 acres) of land near the residential neighbourhoods of Ainslie Wood and Westdale, adjacent to Hamilton's Royal Botanical Gardens. McMaster was controlled by the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec until it became a privately chartered, publicly funded non-denominational institution in 1957. The university is co-educational, and has over 25,000 undergraduate and over 4,000 post-graduate students                





 Career History



Founder

                                    2012 - Current                


108 Securities, Inc.






Vice President-Banking

                                    2009 - 2011                


MGI Securities, Inc.


                  Founded in 2000, MGI Securities, Inc., formerly McFarlane Gordon, Inc., is a broker/dealer headquartered in Toronto with an additional office in Calgary. The firm is a subsidiary of Jovian Capital Corp. (TSX: JVN). They provide a range of specialized services for institutional investors and professional private wealth management solutions for individual investors. MGI Securities does not provide any internal research.MGI Securities is a member of the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC) and the Canadian Investor Protection Fund (CIPF). The firm is a participating organization in the Toronto Stock Exchange, the TSX Venture Exchange and the Canadian Trading and Quotation System Inc. (CNQ) through their PURE Trading Facility, Alpha Trading Systems, Omega ATS and Chi-X Canada.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    2007 - 2016                


Annidis Corp.


                  Annidis Corp. is a holding company, which engages in the research and development of eye care equipment. It provides eye-centric products and services that helps eye care professionals screen, detect, diagnose, treat and manage ocular diseases. Its RHA is an ocular pathology management system that integrates advanced multi-spectral imaging and analytic software for early detection and management of ocular pathologies, such as glaucoma, age related macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada.                




Managing Partner

                                    2007 - Prior                


Cassandra Capital Partners LLC


                  Cassandra Capital Partners LLC provides investment services. The company was founded by Daniel Diermeier and is located in Newport Beach, CA.                




Vice President-Business Development

                                    Prior                


Robarts Research Institute







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2007 - Current                  


Annidis Corp.

                    Annidis Corp. is a holding company, which engages in the research and development of eye care equipment. It provides eye-centric products and services that helps eye care professionals screen, detect, diagnose, treat and manage ocular diseases. Its RHA is an ocular pathology management system that integrates advanced multi-spectral imaging and analytic software for early detection and management of ocular pathologies, such as glaucoma, age related macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada.                  




Director

                    Current                  


AffinityClick, Inc.

                    AffinityClick, Inc. provides mobile and web-based solutions and consulting services. The firm offers Hushed, an Android and iPhone phone application that enables users to create multiple private numbers to place voice calls and send SMS messages to various contacts. The company was founded by Justin Shimoon and Timo Mika Glaesser 2008 and is headquartered in Gatineau, Canada.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Annidis Health Systems Corp.







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Michael F. Crowley is affiliated with
                            108 Securities, Inc., MGI Securities, Inc., Annidis Corp., Cassandra Capital Partners LLC, Robarts Research Institute, Annidis Corp., AffinityClick, Inc., Annidis Health Systems Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	Michael F. Crowley - Lawyer in Brookfield, Wisconsin (WI) Waukesha County - legaldirectories.com




































cqsxwfduvwrx


































	   Find a Lawyer
	   By Location
	   Areas of Practice
	   Experts & Services
	  
	   Products
      
       Online Store
	   Bar Links
	   About Us
	   Contact Us
	  
	   Disclaimer
	   Privacy Policy	  
	   Advance Search







Home > Browse Lawyers > All Cities in Wisconsin > Brookfield Wisconsin Lawyers




















Michael F. Crowley



  
    Update this Profile  

Update Basic Profile
Add Web Link
Add Mediator Listing
Add Area of Practice
Add Bundle Area of Practice
Add Bundle Biographical









Michael F. Crowley is a Lawyer in Wisconsin, Brookfield.
         






Michael F. Crowley
 



300 N Corporate Dr
Ste 270
Brookfield, 
		WI
53045-5865
        
      
Waukesha County 




















            Update Your Basic Profile on LegalDirectories.com
            by filling out those fields that need to be changed or add new information, then submit this form or 
            call 1-800-447-5375 and ask to update your Basic Profile on the Legal Search 
            Engine www.LegalDirectories.com website.





                    Basic Profile Form






For a more extensive profile 
                









the legal search engine







	 
	           Find a Lawyer | By Location | Experts & Services | Areas of Practice | Marketing Solutions | Home | Disclaimer











                      If you're a lawyer or an advertiser and want more information on how to 
                      grow your client base, please call a Sales Specialist at:
1-800-447-5375 ext. 116
Monday - Thursday7:00am to 5:30pm CST


















Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc - The Legal Search Engine. All rights reserved








Use of this LegalDirectories.com web site and the information contained herein is subject to the restrictions and limitations described in Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
By accessing or retrieving information from LegalDirectories.com, the user acknowledges and agrees to be bound by such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Legal Directories Publishing Company, Inc. - 1313 Oates Drive, Mesquite, TX, 75150 - (800) 447-5375 (214) 321-3238























Crowley, Michael F. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Michael F. Crowley
MICHAEL F. CROWLEY JR. was appointed President and CEO of SeraCare Life
Sciences in September 2001. He served in a number of roles at the
company. He has been with SeraCare since 1986. He received his BA in
Business and Marketing at the University of San Diego.
Related Interviews:MICHAEL CROWLEY JR. - SERACARE LIFE SCIENCES (SRLS)November 08, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Search for: All records | DOE PAGES








skip to main content















Access journal articles and accepted manuscripts resulting from DOE research funding
















Search terms:






+ Advanced Search





×
Advanced Search




All Fields:






Title: 






Full Text: 






Bibliographic Data: 






Creator / Author: 






Name 

Name
ORCID








Article Type: 


All
Accepted Manuscript
Published Article
Publisher's Accepted Manuscript





Journal Name: 






Subject: 






Identifier Numbers: 






Research Org: 






Sponsoring Org: 






Publication Date: 


												    to    
												




Sort: 


Relevance (highest to lowest)
Publication Date (newest first)
Publication Date (oldest first)
Most Cited








Close
Clear All
 Find













Switch to Detail View for this search


DOE PAGES
Search Results
Page 1 of 2







Search for: All records
					


							12 results for: All records
						

Creators/Authors contains: "Crowley, Michael F."×



								
									
									
									Full Text and Citations
								
							


Filters




×
Filter Search Results



Full Text Availability



													Everything (Citations and Full Text)

														(12 results)
													






													Publicly Available Full Text Only

														(12 results)
													






													Citations Only

														(0 results)
													















							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							Sort by Relevance
						



Sort by Date (newest first)
Sort by Date (oldest first)
Sort by Relevance
Sort by Most Cited








 







Total Results12
Pub. AvailableFull TextPublicly Available Full Text12
Citation Only0
Filtered Results




Filter by Journal


Biotechnology for Biofuels (2)
Chemical Science (2)
Biophysical Journal (1)
Carbohydrate Polymers (1)
Carbohydrate Research (1)
Energy and Fuels (1)
Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry (1)
Journal of Chemical Physics (1)
PLoS ONE (1)
Proteins (1)
See more 



Filter by Year


2017 (1)
2016 (6)
2015 (3)
2014 (1)
2010 (1)



Filter by Author


Crowley, Michael F. (12)
Himmel, Michael E. (6)
Beckham, Gregg T. (5)
Bomble, Yannick J. (5)
Brady, John W. (3)
Bu, Lintao (3)
Berstis, Laura (2)
Knott, Brandon C. (2)
Sammond, Deanne W. (2)
Yarbrough, John M. (2)
Adney, William S. (1)
Alahuhta, Markus (1)
Bergenstråhle, Malin (1)
Broadbelt, Linda J. (1)
Brunecky, Roman (1)
Chen, Mo (1)
Ciesielski, Peter N. (1)
Decker, Stephen R. (1)
Decker, Steve R. (1)
Donohoe, Bryon S. (1)
See more 





Save Results
Save this search to My Library
Excel (limit 2000)
CSV (limit 5000)
XML (limit 5000)






Have feedback or suggestions for a way to improve these results? !














Comparison of the simulations of cellulosic crystals with three carbohydrate force fields



Miyamoto, Hitomi
						; Schnupf, Udo
						; Crowley, Michael F.
						; ... March 2016 - Carbohydrate Research



 Cited by 1Full Text Available








Electronic coupling through natural amino acids



Berstis, Laura
						; Beckham, Gregg T.
						; Crowley, Michael F.
December 2015 - Journal of Chemical Physics



 Cited by 1Full Text Available








The molecular origins of twist in cellulose I-beta



Bu, Lintao
						; Himmel, Michael E.
						; Crowley, Michael F.
July 2015 - Carbohydrate Polymers



Full Text Available








Efficient estimation of the maximum metabolic productivity of batch systems



St. John, Peter C.
						; Crowley, Michael F.
						; Bomble, Yannick J.
January 2017 - Biotechnology for Biofuels


Production of chemicals from engineered organisms in a batch culture involves an inherent trade-off between productivity, yield, and titer. Existing strategies for strain design typically focus on designing mutations that achieve the highest yield possible while maintaining growth viability. While these methods are computationally tractable, an optimum productivity could be achieved by a dynamic strategy in which the intracellular division of resources is permitted to change with time. New methods for the design and implementation of dynamic microbial processes, both computational and experimental, have therefore been explored to maximize productivity. However, solving for the optimal metabolic behavior under the assumptionmore » that all fluxes in the cell are free to vary is a challenging numerical task. Here, previous studies have therefore typically focused on simpler strategies that are more feasible to implement in practice, such as the time-dependent control of a single flux or control variable.« less
Full Text Available








Coupling and Reactions of 5-Hydroxyconiferyl Alcohol in Lignin Formation



Elder, Thomas
						; Berstis, Laura
						; Beckham, Gregg T.
						; ... May 2016 - Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry


The catechol alcohols, caffeyl and 5-hydroxyconiferyl alcohol, may be incorporated into lignin either naturally or through genetic manipulation. Due to the presence of o-OH groups, these compounds form benzodioxanes, a departure from the interunit connections found in lignins derived from the cinnamyl alcohols. In nature, lignins composed of caffeyl and 5-hydroxyconiferyl alcohol are linear homopolymers and, as such, may have properties that make them amenable for use in value-added products, such as lignin-based carbon fibers. In the current work, results from density functional theory calculations for the reactions of 5-hydroxyconiferyl alcohol, taking stereochemistry into account, are reported. Dehydrogenation and quinone methide formation are found to be thermodynamically favored for 5-hydroxyconiferyl alcohol, over coniferyl alcohol. The comparative energetics of the rearomatization reactions suggest that the formation of the benzodioxane linkage is under kinetic control. Ring-opening reactions of the benzodioxane groups show that the bond dissociation enthalpy of themore » $$\alpha$$-O cleavage reaction is lower than that of the $$\beta$$-O reaction. In conclusion, the catechol lignins represent a novel form of the polymer that may offer new opportunities for bioproducts and genetic targets.« less
Full Text Available








Simulations of cellulose translocation in the bacterial cellulose synthase suggest a regulatory mechanism for the dimeric structure of cellulose



Knott, Brandon C.
						; Crowley, Michael F.
						; Himmel, Michael E.
						; ... January 2016 - Chemical Science


The processive cycle of the bacterial cellulose synthase (Bcs) includes the addition of a single glucose moiety to the end of a growing cellulose chain followed by the translocation of the nascent chain across the plasma membrane. The mechanism of this translocation and its precise location within the processive cycle are not well understood. In particular, the molecular details of how a polymer (cellulose) whose basic structural unit is a dimer (cellobiose) can be constructed by adding one monomer (glucose) at a time are yet to be elucidated. Here, we have utilized molecular dynamics simulations and free energy calculations tomore » the shed light on these questions. We find that translocation forward by one glucose unit is quite favorable energetically, giving a free energy stabilization of greater than 10 kcal mol-1. In addition, there is only a small barrier to translocation, implying that translocation is not rate limiting within the Bcs processive cycle (given experimental rates for cellulose synthesis in vitro). Perhaps most significantly, our results also indicate that steric constraints at the transmembrane tunnel entrance regulate the dimeric structure of cellulose. Namely, when a glucose molecule is added to the cellulose chain in the same orientation as the acceptor glucose, the terminal glucose freely rotates upon forward motion, thus suggesting a regulatory mechanism for the dimeric structure of cellulose. We characterize both the conserved and non-conserved enzyme-polysaccharide interactions that drive translocation, and find that 20 of the 25 residues that strongly interact with the translocating cellulose chain in the simulations are well conserved, mostly with polar or aromatic side chains. Our results also allow for a dynamical analysis of the role of the so-called 'finger helix' in cellulose translocation that has been observed structurally. Taken together, these findings aid in the elucidation of the translocation steps of the Bcs processive cycle and may be widely relevant to polysaccharide synthesizing or degrading enzymes that couple catalysis with chain translocation.« less
 Cited by 1Full Text Available








Who's on base? Revealing the catalytic mechanism of inverting family 6 glycoside hydrolases



Mayes, Heather B.
						; Knott, Brandon C.
						; Crowley, Michael F.
						; ... June 2016 - Chemical Science


In several important classes of inverting carbohydrate-active enzymes, the identity of the catalytic base remains elusive, including in family 6 Glycoside Hydrolase (GH6) enzymes, which are key components of cellulase cocktails for cellulose depolymerization. Despite many structural and kinetic studies with both wild-type and mutant enzymes, especially on the Trichoderma reesei (Hypocrea jecorina) GH6 cellulase (TrCel6A), the catalytic base in the single displacement inverting mechanism has not been definitively identified in the GH6 family. Here, we employ transition path sampling to gain insight into the catalytic mechanism, which provides unbiased atomic-level understanding of key order parameters involved in cleaving themore » strong glycosidic bond. Our hybrid quantum mechanics and molecular mechanics (QM/MM) simulations reveal a network of hydrogen bonding that aligns two active site water molecules that play key roles in hydrolysis: one water molecule drives the reaction by nucleophilic attack on the substrate and a second shuttles a proton to the putative base (D175) via a short water wire. We also investigated the case where the putative base is mutated to an alanine, an enzyme that is experimentally still partially active. The simulations predict that proton hopping along a water wire via a Grotthuss mechanism provides a mechanism of catalytic rescue. Further simulations reveal that substrate processive motion is 'driven' by strong electrostatic interactions with the protein at the product sites and that the -1 sugar adopts a 2SO ring configuration as it reaches its binding site. Lastly, this work thus elucidates previously elusive steps in the processive catalytic mechanism of this important class of enzymes.« less
Full Text Available








Comparing residue clusters from thermophilic and mesophilic enzymes reveals adaptive mechanisms



Sammond, Deanne W.
						; Kastelowitz, Noah
						; Himmel, Michael E.
						; ... January 2016 - PLoS ONE


Understanding how proteins adapt to function at high temperatures is important for deciphering the energetics that dictate protein stability and folding. While multiple principles important for thermostability have been identified, we lack a unified understanding of how internal protein structural and chemical environment determine qualitative or quantitative impact of evolutionary mutations. In this work we compare equivalent clusters of spatially neighboring residues between paired thermophilic and mesophilic homologues to evaluate adaptations under the selective pressure of high temperature. We find the residue clusters in thermophilic enzymes generally display improved atomic packing compared to mesophilic enzymes, in agreement with previous research.more » Unlike residue clusters from mesophilic enzymes, however, thermophilic residue clusters do not have significant cavities. In addition, anchor residues found in many clusters are highly conserved with respect to atomic packing between both thermophilic and mesophilic enzymes. As a result, the improvements in atomic packing observed in thermophilic homologues are not derived from these anchor residues but from neighboring positions, which may serve to expand optimized protein core regions.« less
 Cited by 2Full Text Available








Strategies to reduce end-product inhibition in family 48 glycoside hydrolases



Chen, Mo
						; Bu, Lintao
						; Alahuhta, Markus
						; ... February 2016 - Proteins


Family 48 cellobiohydrolases are some of the most abundant glycoside hydrolases in nature. They are able to degrade cellulosic biomass and therefore serve as good enzyme candidates for biofuel production. Family 48 cellulases hydrolyze cellulose chains via a processive mechanism, and produce end products composed primarily of cellobiose as well as other cellooligomers (dp ≤ 4). The challenge of utilizing cellulases in biofuel production lies in their extremely slow turnover rate. A factor contributing to the low enzyme activity is suggested to be product binding to enzyme and the resulting performance inhibition. In this study, we quantitatively evaluated the productmore » inhibitory effect of four family 48 glycoside hydrolases using molecular dynamics simulations and product expulsion free-energy calculations. We also suggested a series of single mutants of the four family 48 glycoside hydrolases with theoretically reduced level of product inhibition. As a result, the theoretical calculations provide a guide for future experimental studies designed to produce mutant cellulases with enhanced activity.« less
Full Text Available








New perspective on glycoside hydrolase binding to lignin from pretreated corn stover



Yarbrough, John M.
						; Mittal, Ashutosh
						; Mansfield, Elisabeth
						; ... December 2015 - Biotechnology for Biofuels


Background: Non-specific binding of cellulases to lignin has been implicated as a major factor in the loss of cellulase activity during biomass conversion to sugars. It is believed that this binding may strongly impact process economics through loss of enzyme activities during hydrolysis and enzyme recycling scenarios. The current model suggests glycoside hydrolase activities are lost though non-specific/non-productive binding of carbohydrate-binding domains to lignin, limiting catalytic site access to the carbohydrate components of the cell wall. Results: In this study, we compared component enzyme affinities of a commercial Trichoderma reesei cellulase formulation, Cellic CTec2, towards extracted corn stover lignin usingmore » sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and p-nitrophenyl substrate activities to monitor component binding, activity loss, and total protein binding. Protein binding was strongly affected by pH and ionic strength. β-D-glucosidases and xylanases, which do not have carbohydrate-binding modules (CBMs) and are basic proteins, demonstrated the strongest binding at low ionic strength, suggesting that CBMs are not the dominant factor in enzyme adsorption to lignin. Despite strong adsorption to insoluble lignin, β-D-glucosidase and xylanase activities remained high, with process yields decreasing only 4–15 % depending on lignin concentration. Conclusion: We propose that specific enzyme adsorption to lignin from a mixture of biomass-hydrolyzing enzymes is a competitive affinity where β-D-glucosidases and xylanases can displace CBM interactions with lignin. Process parameters, such as temperature, pH, and salt concentration influence the individual enzymes’ affinity for lignin, and both hydrophobic and electrostatic interactions are responsible for this binding phenomenon. Moreover, our results suggest that concern regarding loss of critical cell wall degrading enzymes to lignin adsorption may be unwarranted when complex enzyme mixtures are used to digest biomass.« less
 Cited by 9Full Text Available








« Prev
Select page number


Go to page: 1 of 2



»



Next »






"Cited by" information provided by Web of Science.
DOE PAGES offers free public access to the best available full-text version of DOE-affiliated accepted manuscripts or articles after an administrative interval of 12 months.  The portal and search engine employ a hybrid model of both centralized and distributed content, with PAGES maintaining a permanent archive of all full text and metadata.











Some links on this page may take you to non-federal websites. Their policies may differ from this site.



























Michael F Melanson                                                                                                       - Crowley                                           , LA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



Crowley



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Gynecologist



                            Michael F Melanson
                                    



 





















M 


Michael F Melanson                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1307 CROWLEY RAYNE HWY A CROWLEY, LA 70526
Get Directions



(337) 783-3861
 





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $330,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Gynecologist
 Contacts Michael F Melanson                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Michael F Melanson                                                                                                       is located at 1307 Crowley Rayne Hwy A in Crowley and has been in the business of Gynecologist since 1981. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Michael F Crowley - Dunellen, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael F Crowley in Dunellen, NJ


Michael F Crowley

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael F Crowley  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Dunellen, NJ.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Michael E Crowley
Mike  Crowley


Get Report Now

Age

Michael F Crowley is in his 50s

Michael Has Lived In

Dunellen, NJ
Manville, NJ
Beachwood, NJ

Michael's Relatives

Margrette Crowley
Renee Crowley
Ben Crowley
Allison Crowley







Michael F Crowley



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael F Crowley
Get a Criminal Check on Michael F Crowley
Get a Public Record Report on Michael F Crowley
Get a People Search Report on Michael F Crowley


Michael F Crowley's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael F Crowley has lived as well as Michael F Crowley's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael F Crowley Has Lived in 2 States
New Jersey Address for Michael F Crowley


11 E**** A** 

Dunellen, NJ


Has Lived In

Dunellen, NJ
Manville, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael F Crowley

(908) ***-**** - Dunellen, NJ 
(908) ***-**** - Dunellen, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael F Crowley



Get Email Report




Michael F Crowley's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael F Crowley


Michael F Crowley's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael F Crowley's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Crowley
Username Matches

                  MichaelCrowley
                  CrowleyMichael
                  Michael.Crowley
                  Crowley.Michael
                  Michael_Crowley
                  Crowley_Michael
                  Michael-Crowley
                  Crowley-Michael
                  MCrowley
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Crowley







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











