








Sprint Names Kevin Crull Chief Marketing Officer | Sprint Newsroom


























Newsroom
News Releases






Sprint Names Kevin Crull Chief Marketing Officer

















May 20, 2015

OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), May 20, 2015 - Kevin Crull will join Sprint (NYSE: S) as chief marketing officer effective May 31, 2015.
In his new role, Crull will be responsible for all products and services, brand and advertising, customer acquisition and retention, and all digital and social efforts. Crull will report to President and CEO Marcelo Claure.
Crull will be a vital contributor to Sprint’s leadership team, charged with attracting new customers and advancing the company’s push for greater innovation.
“Kevin did an amazing job at Bell Media and I expect him to do even better at Sprint,” said Claure. “Sprint is privileged to attract someone of his caliber and experience in media, content, and wireless. As the industry shifts towards providing unique experiences and content to wireless customers, Kevin’s exceptional experience will allow him to be a great contributor in Sprint’s transformation journey.”
Crull brings to Sprint 30 years of experience leading sales, marketing and operations teams. Most recently, Crull served nearly five years as chief operating officer and then president of Bell Media, Canada’s largest media and broadcasting company. At Bell, Crull led the acquisition of CTV Globemedia in late 2010, creating the foundation for Bell Media, Inc. Following that he led the acquisition and integration of Astral Media in 2012 and 2013. Under Crull, CTV, Bell Media’s flagship broadcast network, boasted four of the top five Canadian-produced television programs and 14 of the top 20 programs over all, delivering consistent ratings growth in an intensely competitive market.
While at Bell Media, Crull also developed and launched several “TV Everywhere” digital products as well as CraveTV, an on-demand video streaming service providing Canadians with exclusive access to 12K hours of premium television, including iconic HBO and Showtime programming.
“I’m thrilled to join Sprint, a company that I believe has limitless potential for growth and transformation at a very exciting time in the industry,” Crull said. “I believe the Sprint team is showing great momentum and has a plan to win in the marketplace. The wireless industry offers tremendous opportunity for profitable growth. My past experience has been all about execution and transformation and delivering results, and this is what I intend to do as part of the Sprint team.”
Prior to Bell Media, Crull served as president of the Bell Residential Services organization, Canada’s largest consumer telecommunications company, providing high-speed broadband, home phone, and satellite and fiber television service. There, Crull launched FibeTV, an internet-based live TV service delivered over a fiber optic network. FibeTV has since grown to over 1 million subscribers in eastern Canada.
Before his time with Bell and its affiliated companies, Crull led consumer and small-business sales and marketing at AT&T Corp., and was senior vice president and general manager of AT&T’s wireless initiatives. Crull’s telecommunications experience includes nearly five years as an executive at US West/Qwest Communications, where he was a senior vice president leading the company’s largest business unit.
At the outset of his career, Crull rose from entry-level to the executive suite during nine years at Nestle USA.
Throughout his career, Crull has focused his efforts on growing businesses by developing keen insights into what consumers need and want, and devising business programs to deliver it.
Sprint will benefit from this philosophy as the company grows and attracts more subscribers from rival wireless providers.
Crull will relocate to Kansas City with his family.
About Sprint:
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint served more than 57 million connections as of March 31, 2015 and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past four years. You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint and www.twitter.com/sprint.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150520006699/en/



Contact(s)
Sprint
Doug Duvall, 571-287-8153
douglas.duvall@sprint.com









You must be logged in to view this item.





Login:



Password:



Login






					This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your user profile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notes in the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day.
				
























Sprint Newsroom | Sprint Newsroom
























Newsroom














July 25, 2017
Only from Sprint, Lease Two moto z2 force edition for the Price of One; First Sprint Phone Expected to Deliver Gigabit-Class LTE Speeds
















June 08, 2017
Sprint and TIDAL Partnership Brings Exclusive Music and Entertainment to New and Current Sprint Customers with a Complimentary Six-Month Trial of TIDAL HiFi
















May 03, 2017
Sprint Announces World’s First All-Wireless Small Cell – The Sprint Magic Box










Previous



Next







July 21, 2017
Sprint Magic Box expands learning opportunities for Poplar Grove students











July 21, 2017
Sprint Magic Box expands learning opportunities for Poplar Grove students





July 25, 2017
Sprint Expands in Northern California with 43 New Retail Stores Creating More Than 300 Jobs











July 25, 2017
Sprint Expands in Northern California with 43 New Retail Stores Creating More Than 300 Jobs




Recent News








July 26, 2017
Sprint Expands in Midwest Region with 30 New Retail Stores Creating More Than 200 Jobs








July 14, 2017
Sprint Flex is The Best Way to Get the Latest Smartphone








July 13, 2017
Sprint is first U.S. carrier for new BlackBerry KEYone








June 21, 2017
Virgin Mobile USA Changes How to Buy Wireless: One Year of Service for Only $1 + Virgin Perks





More News and Articles





BLOGSRead our blogs for the latest in Devices & Apps, Public Policy and Executive Perspectives







July 25, 2017
by Dr. John Saw
Sprint’s LTE Plus Network Makes Strong Gains in Year-Over-Year Performance









July 21, 2017
Get the Motorola moto e4 from Sprint and Boost Mobile – Save with style and simplicity!









July 20, 2017
by Maggie Stanton
Sprint Media Team Takes NYC by Storm









July 19, 2017
My Incredible Journey with #TeamSprint to San Francisco Half Marathon



More Blog Posts




QUICK FACTS


Employees  |  Approximately 28,000 employees
Stores  |  Over 4,700 across two areas and 16 regions
Customers  |  59.7 million (as of 3/31/2017)
FY 2016 Revenue  |  $33.3 billion
CEO  |  Marcelo Claure
Headquarters  |  Overland Park, Kansas
History  |  Founded in 1899 in Abilene, Kansas, as the Brown Telephone Company. Established in 1992 as Sprint Corp.
Ownership  |  SoftBank acquired a majority stake in Sprint in July 2013. SoftBank Chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son serves as Chairman of Sprint’s Board of Directors.








Sign up for email alerts





Sign up











Social Media


















































You must be logged in to view this item.





Login:



Password:



Login






					This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your user profile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notes in the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day.
				























News Releases | Sprint Newsroom


























Newsroom
News Releases





News Releases







July 26, 2017
Sprint Expands in Midwest Region with 30 New Retail Stores Creating More Than 200 Jobs









July 25, 2017
Sprint Expands in Northern California with 43 New Retail Stores Creating More Than 300 Jobs
Company significantly increases the number of retail locations throughout the Bay Area, Silicon Valley and the Central Valley, including Reno, NV









July 25, 2017
Only from Sprint, Lease Two moto z2 force edition for the Price of One; First Sprint Phone Expected to Deliver Gigabit-Class LTE Speeds
Today Motorola announced the upcoming availability of moto z2 force editionTM, the first smartphone expected to deliver gigabit-class LTE speeds while on the Sprint 4G LTE network.









July 24, 2017
Sprint to Bring Hundreds of Jobs to New York and New Jersey
Sprint expands presence in New York and New Jersey with hundreds of jobs and new stores.









July 21, 2017
Twice the Price Store Announces Grand Opening in New York
The Twice the Price store, a pop-up store that stocks hundreds of items at twice their regular price, is opening its doors for browsing today in New York. This playful, tongue-in-cheek concept created by Sprint is inspired by what the store’s neighbor, Verizon Wireless, is similarly doing: They are hooking wireless customers across the country into paying double for four to five lines of unlimited data. 









July 21, 2017
Sprint Magic Box expands learning opportunities for Poplar Grove students
Sprint Magic Box is making a big difference improving data speeds and coverage for the North Boone School District in rural Poplar Grove, Illinois.









July 20, 2017
Sprint Expands in the Portland Metro with Nine New Retail Stores Creating 50 Jobs









July 20, 2017
Sprint Expands in Washington with 12 New Retail Stores Creating More Than 80 Jobs









July 20, 2017
Sprint Opens Five Stores in Indianapolis
Sprint celebrates the opening of five new retail stores in Indianapolis with special events featuring giveaways, ice cream, and discounts.









July 19, 2017
Sprint Brings Hundreds of Jobs to Central and North Florida
New Sprint stores coming to Orlando, Tampa-St. Petersburg, Jacksonville and Gainesville to bring additional jobs to state.









July 18, 2017
Sprint Corporation Schedules Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results Announcement









July 14, 2017
Sprint Flex es la Mejor Manera de Obtener el Último Smartphone
Sprint (NYSE: S) anunció hoy sus nuevos planes Sprint Flex y Sprint Deals – el más simple programa en la industria de financiamiento de dispositivos más flexible, brindando a los clientes la oportunidad de obtener actualizaciones anuales para todos los smartphones.




«
1
2
3
4
5
…
269
270
»



← Back
Next →








You must be logged in to view this item.





Login:



Password:



Login






					This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your user profile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notes in the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day.
				























Kevin Crull | Sprint Newsroom

























Newsroom
Executive Team




Kevin Crull


Position: President, Omnichannel Sales

















Kevin Crull is president of Omnichannel Sales for Sprint, responsible for Direct Sales, indirect Sales and Digital Sales and Marketing, Postpaid Distribution, Omnichannel Operations, Omnichannel Customer Experience and Customer Management. Based in Overland Park, Kansas, Kevin reports to Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure. 
 
Kevin’s responsibilities include oversight of Sprint’s 1,100 company-owned and 1,500 Sprint Stores at RadioShack, telesales and Sprint’s Direct 2 You delivery and set-up service. He also oversees third-party sales outlets, including dealer-owned Sprint stores and national retail partners. His responsibilities in Digital Sales and Marketing include customer acquisition via the Web, mobile and social media.
 
Prior to his new role, Kevin served as President of the Central and Northeast U.S., with responsibility for sales strategy and execution, network oversight, customer service, marketing communications and general operations.
 
Before being named to this role in December 2015, Kevin was Chief Marketing Officer for Sprint and was responsible for all products and services, brand and advertising, customer acquisition and retention, and all digital and social efforts. He was named the third most influential marketer of 2015, according to the Forbes, ScribbleLive and LinkedIn’s fourth annual Global CMO Influence Study.

Kevin has more than 30 years of experience of leading sales, marketing and operations teams. Just prior to joining Sprint he served for nearly five years as the architect and president of Bell Media, Canada’s largest media and broadcasting company. At Bell, Kevin led the acquisition of CTV Globemedia in late 2010, creating the foundation for Bell Media Inc. Following that, he led the acquisition and integration of Astral Media in 2012 and 2013. Under Kevin, Bell Media nearly tripled profits and its flagship broadcast network, CTV, boasted four of the top five Canadian-produced television programs and 14 of the top 20 programs overall, delivering consistent ratings growth in an intensely competitive market.

While at Bell Media, Kevin also developed and launched several “TV Everywhere” digital products as well as CraveTV, an on-demand video streaming service providing Canadians with exclusive access to over 12,000 hours of premium television, including iconic HBO and Showtime programming. Before Bell Media, Kevin served as president of the Bell Residential Services organization, Canada’s largest consumer telecommunications company, providing high-speed broadband, home phone and satellite and fiber television service. In that role, he launched FibeTV, an Internet-based live TV service delivered over a fiber-optic network. FibeTV has since grown to more than 1 million subscribers in eastern Canada.

Before his time with Bell and its affiliated companies, Kevin led consumer and small-business sales and marketing at AT&T Corp. and was senior vice president and general manager of AT&T’s wireless initiatives. His telecommunications experience also includes nearly five years as an executive at US West/Qwest Communications, where he was a senior vice president and led the company’s largest business unit.

At the outset of his career, Kevin rose to the executive suite during nine years at Nestle USA. Throughout his career, he has focused his efforts on growing businesses by developing keen insights into what consumers need and want, and devising business programs to deliver results.

Kevin has served on the boards of the annual Walk for Kids Help Phone, the Sick Kids Foundation (a globally recognized children’s hospital and research center), along with The Globe and Mail, and Bell Aliant.
 










You must be logged in to view this item.





Login:



Password:



Login






					This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your user profile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notes in the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day.
				
















 



Sprint Names Kevin Crull Chief Marketing Officer | Business Wire
























































Sprint Names Kevin Crull Chief Marketing Officer






May 20, 2015 06:50 PM Eastern Daylight Time



OVERLAND PARK, Kan.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kevin Crull will join Sprint (NYSE: S) as chief marketing officer 
      effective May 31, 2015.
    


      In his new role, Crull will be responsible for all products and 
      services, brand and advertising, customer acquisition and retention, and 
      all digital and social efforts. Crull will report to President and CEO 
      Marcelo Claure.
    

      Crull will be a vital contributor to Sprint’s leadership team, charged 
      with attracting new customers and advancing the company’s push for 
      greater innovation.
    

      “Kevin did an amazing job at Bell Media and I expect him to do even 
      better at Sprint,” said Claure. “Sprint is privileged to attract someone 
      of his caliber and experience in media, content, and wireless. As the 
      industry shifts towards providing unique experiences and content to 
      wireless customers, Kevin’s exceptional experience will allow him to be 
      a great contributor in Sprint’s transformation journey.”
    

      Crull brings to Sprint 30 years of experience leading sales, marketing 
      and operations teams. Most recently, Crull served nearly five years as 
      chief operating officer and then president of Bell Media, Canada’s 
      largest media and broadcasting company. At Bell, Crull led the 
      acquisition of CTV Globemedia in late 2010, creating the foundation for 
      Bell Media, Inc. Following that he led the acquisition and integration 
      of Astral Media in 2012 and 2013. Under Crull, CTV, Bell Media’s 
      flagship broadcast network, boasted four of the top five 
      Canadian-produced television programs and 14 of the top 20 programs over 
      all, delivering consistent ratings growth in an intensely competitive 
      market.
    

      While at Bell Media, Crull also developed and launched several “TV 
      Everywhere” digital products as well as CraveTV, an on-demand video 
      streaming service providing Canadians with exclusive access to 12K hours 
      of premium television, including iconic HBO and Showtime programming.
    

      “I’m thrilled to join Sprint, a company that I believe has limitless 
      potential for growth and transformation at a very exciting time in the 
      industry,” Crull said. “I believe the Sprint team is showing great 
      momentum and has a plan to win in the marketplace. The wireless industry 
      offers tremendous opportunity for profitable growth. My past experience 
      has been all about execution and transformation and delivering results, 
      and this is what I intend to do as part of the Sprint team.”
    

      Prior to Bell Media, Crull served as president of the Bell Residential 
      Services organization, Canada’s largest consumer telecommunications 
      company, providing high-speed broadband, home phone, and satellite and 
      fiber television service. There, Crull launched FibeTV, an 
      internet-based live TV service delivered over a fiber optic network. 
      FibeTV has since grown to over 1 million subscribers in eastern Canada.
    

      Before his time with Bell and its affiliated companies, Crull led 
      consumer and small-business sales and marketing at AT&T Corp., and was 
      senior vice president and general manager of AT&T’s wireless 
      initiatives. Crull’s telecommunications experience includes nearly five 
      years as an executive at US West/Qwest Communications, where he was a 
      senior vice president leading the company’s largest business unit.
    

      At the outset of his career, Crull rose from entry-level to the 
      executive suite during nine years at Nestle USA.
    

      Throughout his career, Crull has focused his efforts on growing 
      businesses by developing keen insights into what consumers need and 
      want, and devising business programs to deliver it.
    

      Sprint will benefit from this philosophy as the company grows and 
      attracts more subscribers from rival wireless providers.
    

      Crull will relocate to Kansas City with his family.
    

About Sprint:


      Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more 
      and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about 
      most. Sprint served more than 57 million connections as of March 31, 
      2015 and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying 
      innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a 
      national carrier in the United States; leading no-contract brands 
      including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; 
      instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a 
      global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones 
      Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past four years. You 
      can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com 
      or www.facebook.com/sprint 
      and www.twitter.com/sprint.
    


Contacts

      SprintDoug Duvall, 571-287-8153douglas.duvall@sprint.com














Release Summary
Kevin Crull will join Sprint (NYSE: S) as chief marketing officer effective May 31, 2015.






Contacts

      SprintDoug Duvall, 571-287-8153douglas.duvall@sprint.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
















需要安全验证






Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Kevin W. Crull: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:21 PM ET
Wireless Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of Sprint Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kevin W. Crull  President of Omnichannel Sales, Sprint CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships52$3,572,477As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Kevin W. Crull has been President of Omnichannel Sales at Sprint Corporation since November 2016. Mr. Crull has been the Chief Executive Officer of CTV Inc. since April 2011. Mr. Crull served as the President of The Central and Northeast Areas at Sprint Corporation from May 2015 to November 26, 2016 and served as its President of the Central Area since December 11, 2015 and Chief Marketing Officer from May 31, 2015 to December 12, 2015. Mr. Crull was responsible ... for all products and services, brand and advertising, customer acquisition and retention and all digital and social efforts. He served as the President of Bell Media Inc. (formerly, CTV globemedia) of BCE, Inc. from April 1, 2011 to April 9, 2015. He has more than 30 years of experience leading sales, marketing and operational teams, with more than a decade in each of telecommunications and consumer packaged goods. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Bell Media from November 2010 to April 1, 2011. He served as the President of Residential Services of Bell Canada, Inc. since September 2, 2005 until January 1, 2011, where he launched FiberTV and was responsible for wireline, high-speed Internet and video services. Previously, Mr. Crull served as President of Consumer Solutions of Bell Canada from February 2005 to September 2005 and was responsible for sales, marketing, customer care and product development for its wireline, wireless, Internet and digital television services. He served as Chief Operating Officer of CTVglobemedia at Bell Canada, Inc. since January 2011. He joined Bell Canada in early 2005. He served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Wireless Business/Services at&T Corp. since March 25, 2004. He served as Senior Vice President of AT&T Consumer and Small Business Division of AT&T Corp. from 2001 to 2004. He served as Senior Vice President of Marketing and Sales of Consumer Division at&T. Mr. Crull joined AT&T in June 2001. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of ESP Networks Inc., a wireless venture. He spent five years at US West as Senior Vice President of the Consumer Services Group. He served nine years with Nestlé SA, where he advanced from an entry level position to Division Vice President of Beverage Sales. He has been a Director of SickKids Foundation since June 2011. Mr. Crull serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Kensington Capital Partners Limited. He served as a Director of Bell Aliant Regional Communications Holdings Inc. of Bell Aliant Inc. since July 2006. He served as a Director of Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc., General Partner of Bell Aliant Regional Communications, Limited Partnership from July 2006 to June 14, 2011. Mr. Crull served as a Director of Bell Aliant Inc. (a/k/a Bell Aliant Regional Communications Income Fund) until June 2011. He serves on the board of the Center for Telecommunications Management at the University of Southern California. He is a Strong Supporter of the national fundraising event, Walk for Kids Help Phone. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Marketing from Ohio State University and an MBA from the University of San Francisco. He has also completed leadership development programs at the Dale Carnegie and Aspen Institutes.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
6200 Sprint ParkwayOverland Park, Kansas 66251United StatesPhone: 855-848-3280Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorSickKids Foundation
Education
Bachelor's Degree The Ohio State UniversityMBA University of San Francisco
Other Affiliations
AT&T Corp.Bell Canada, Inc.BCE Inc.The Ohio State UniversityBell Media Inc.Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc.CTV Inc.University of San FranciscoBell Aliant Regional Communications, Limited PartnershipKensington Capital Partners LimitedBell Aliant Inc.Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc.SickKids Foundation


Annual Compensation
Salary$800,000Bonus$250,000Total Annual Compensation$1,050,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,162,834All Other Compensation$5,300Exercisable Options$124,610Exercisable Options Value$502,178Unexercisable Options$611,213Unexercisable Options Value$2,901,198Total Value of Options$3,403,375Total Number of Options$735,823
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,647,049Total Short Term Compensation$1,050,000Other Long Term Compensation$1,168,134Total Calculated Compensation$3,572,477




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationTakashi  Niino CEO, President & Representative DirectorNEC Corporation--John J. Legere Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorT-Mobile US, Inc.$1.5MRajeev  Suri President & Chief Executive OfficerNokia Corporation$1.8MPhebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGeneral Dynamics Corporation$1.6MFlavio  Cattaneo CEO, MD, GM & Non-Independent Executive DirectorTelecom Italia S.p.A.$5.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sprint Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Sprint CMO Kevin Crull Ranks No. 3 In Forbes, ScribbleLive and LinkedIn’s 4th Annual CMO Influence Study | Business Wire


























































Sprint CMO Kevin Crull Ranks No. 3 In Forbes, ScribbleLive and 
      LinkedIn’s 4th Annual CMO Influence Study












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Sprint Corporation CMO Kevin Crull (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Sprint Corporation CMO Kevin Crull (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














November 11, 2015 11:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



OVERLAND PARK, Kan.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sprint Chief Marketing Officer Kevin Crull is one of the most 
      influential CMOs of 2015, according to Forbes, ScribbleLive and 
      LinkedIn’s 4th Annual CMO Influence Study.
    


      This study reveals the most influential CMOs in the world based on 
      analysis ScribbleLive, a data-driven content marketing platform, 
      completed on the top 500 companies from the 2015 Forbes Global 2000 
      Largest Companies list (Forbes Global 500), and the 2015 Forbes Most 
      Valuable Brands lists.
    

      Crull is No. 3 in the study, behind No. 1 Phil Schiller of Apple and No. 
      2 Kevin Hochman of KFC US.
    

      With the product, marketing and brand-building initiatives Crull has 
      guided since joining the company earlier this year, Sprint is upping the 
      ante on delivering value and innovation to consumers. And he’s putting 
      competitors on notice that Sprint will continue to be relentless and 
      aggressive.
    

      He’s overseen the launch of iPhone Forever, a revolutionary Sprint 
      program that fundamentally changes the way customers get Apple’s most 
      iconic devices. Another initiative celebrated the merger between DIRECTV 
      and AT&T with an unprecedented, one-time offer exclusively for DIRECTV 
      customers: free service for one full year when they switch to Sprint.
    

      “I feel privileged to be part of a management team that is taking risks 
      and making big bets to change the way Americans see their wireless 
      carrier,” Crull said. “We are constantly challenging our teams to bring 
      big ideas and great creativity as we take on the challenges we face. 
      They’ve responded and it’s an honor to be recognized for the good work 
      we are doing.”
    

      To arrive at the scores, the ScribbleLive Influence platform analyzed 
      more than 100 million articles from news, blog and social media sources, 
      identified opinions from and reactions to the selected CMOs and 
      calculated a proprietary influence score based on the people or entities 
      reacting to an opinion. This was weighted by their respective influence 
      on a given topic, the credibility of the outlet where the reaction was 
      published or consumed and the volume of reactions generated by the 
      opinions attributed to that influencer within the studied timeframe of 
      May 12 to Sept. 30, 2015.
    

      “Chief Marketing Officers are rising in importance within the C-Suite as 
      they evolve to be the principal drivers of business growth,” said Bruce 
      Rogers, Chief Insights Officer and Head of the CMO practice, Forbes 
      Media. “That’s why we set out to create a ranking of those deemed most 
      influential within their industries and their craft, and are pleased to 
      partner with ScribbleLive and LinkedIn for our 4th annual list of the 
      World’s Most Influential CMOs.”
    

      The complete Forbes/ScribbleLive 2015 CMO Influence Study can be viewed 
      and downloaded here.
    

About Sprint


      Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more 
      and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about 
      most. Sprint served more than 58.6 million connections as of September 
      30, 2015 and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and 
      deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G 
      service from a national carrier in the United States; leading 
      no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and 
      Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk 
      capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been 
      named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the 
      past five years. You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com 
      or www.facebook.com/sprint 
      and www.twitter.com/sprint.
    


Contacts

      SprintLaura Lisec, 913-794-3602Laura.M.Lisec@sprint.com














Release Summary
Sprint Chief Marketing Officer Kevin Crull is one of the most influential CMOs of 2015, according to Forbes, ScribbleLive and LinkedIn’s 4th Annual CMO Influence Study.








Contacts

      SprintLaura Lisec, 913-794-3602Laura.M.Lisec@sprint.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Sprint Names Kevin Crull Chief Marketing Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Sprint Names Kevin Crull Chief Marketing Officer






Business Wire




May 20, 2015 6:50 PM EDT













 




























































  Kevin Crull will join Sprint (NYSE: S) as chief marketing officer effective May 31, 2015.  In his new role, Crull will be responsible for all products and services, brand and advertising, customer acquisition and retention, and all digital and social efforts. Crull will report to President and CEO Marcelo Claure.  Crull will be a vital contributor to Sprint's leadership team, charged with attracting new customers and advancing the company's push for greater innovation.  "Kevin did an amazing job at Bell Media and I expect him to do even better at Sprint," said Claure. "Sprint is privileged to attract someone of his caliber and experience in media, content, and wireless. As the industry shifts towards providing unique experiences and content to wireless customers, Kevin's exceptional experience will allow him to be a great contributor in Sprint's transformation journey."  Crull brings to Sprint 30 years of experience leading sales, marketing and operations teams. Most recently, Crull served nearly five years as chief operating officer and then president of Bell Media, Canada's largest media and broadcasting company. At Bell, Crull led the acquisition of CTV Globemedia in late 2010, creating the foundation for Bell Media, Inc. Following that he led the acquisition and integration of Astral Media in 2012 and 2013. Under Crull, CTV, Bell Media's flagship broadcast network, boasted four of the top five Canadian-produced television programs and 14 of the top 20 programs over all, delivering consistent ratings growth in an intensely competitive market.  While at Bell Media, Crull also developed and launched several "TV Everywhere" digital products as well as CraveTV, an on-demand video streaming service providing Canadians with exclusive access to 12K hours of premium television, including iconic HBO and Showtime programming.  "I'm thrilled to join Sprint, a company that I believe has limitless potential for growth and transformation at a very exciting time in the industry," Crull said. "I believe the Sprint team is showing great momentum and has a plan to win in the marketplace. The wireless industry offers tremendous opportunity for profitable growth. My past experience has been all about execution and transformation and delivering results, and this is what I intend to do as part of the Sprint team."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













How AT&T Managed to Post Record Profit Margins Amid Intense Wireless Competition
Amid the battle of unlimited plans, AT&T's profitability grows and Verizon gains



Chris Nolter

Jul 27, 2017 4:16 PM EDT
























Verizon Says Network Quality Drove Surprising Q2 Subscriber Gains
Customers showed up to Verizon's unlimited data party in the second quarter. Is network quality and all-you-can-eat data enough to turn around the carrier's wireless sales and margins?



Chris Nolter

Jul 27, 2017 12:14 PM EDT
























Just How 'Unlimited' is Your Unlimited Data Plan?
We read the fine print.



Daniel Kuhn

Jul 27, 2017 12:09 PM EDT
























AT&T May Look Tempting, but I'm Waiting for a Bigger Discount
I want to be compensated for the substantial uncertainty that remains.



Casey Hoerth

Jul 26, 2017 9:00 AM EDT








































 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















Sprint Names Ousted Canadian Broadcaster as Top Marketer | Hollywood Reporter
















































The Hollywood Reporter




































Sprint Names Ousted Canadian Broadcaster as Top Marketer


7:29 AM PDT 5/21/2015

by


Etan Vlessing
 




FACEBOOK




TWITTER




EMAIL ME




PRINT




COMMENTS








Courtesy of Bell Media
Kevin Crull








Kevin Crull stepped down last month as Bell Media president after he allegedly meddled in CTV's news coverage.

Six weeks after he was forced out as Canada's top broadcaster for allegedly meddling in CTV's news coverage, former Bell Media president Kevin Crull will return to the U.S. to join Sprint as its CMO.
Crull will oversee all products, advertising and customer sign-up and retention, as of May 31, after running top-rated CTV, with its stable of U.S. series hits like The Big Bang Theory, American Idol and Arrow. The veteran American telecom exec built his career with Nestle USA, AT&T and West/Qwest Communications before heading north to join Bell Media-parent BCE in Canada in 2005 and becoming head of Bell Media five years later. 
But Crull slipped up in late March when he allegedly told the head of his TV news division to bar the head of the CRTC, Canada's TV regulator, from his airwaves over a regulatory decision. Crull apologized but stepped down last month.
"I’m thrilled to join Sprint, a company that I believe has limitless potential for growth and transformation at a very exciting time in the industry," Crull, who will relocate to Kansas City and report to Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure, said in a statement.












FACEBOOK




TWITTER




EMAIL ME




PRINT




COMMENTS







Etan Vlessing
[email protected]
etanvlessing







Comments




comments powered by Disqus




































