




Cynthia Day - The Atlanta Business League



































 







HomeMembershipSupportersIn the NewsMedia CenterNewsletterBlog








































	 







					 

Cynthia N. Day

					President/Chief Executive Officer, Citizens Trust Bank
				Cynthia N. Day the President & Chief Executive Officer of Citizens Trust Bank.  Ms. Day joined Citizens Trust Bank in February 2003 as Executive Vice President of Management Services through an acquisition by the institution of the historical Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham, which was founded by philanthropist and well known entrepreneur Dr. A.G. Gaston, where she served as the Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer and in other capacities since 1993.  Two years after the acquisition, Ms. Day became the Senior Executive Vice President & COO making her the first woman to hold this position in the history of both institutions.

					 





					Ms. Day establishes and implements the vision and strategic direction of the institution.  Further she provides leadership to a team of Citizens Trust Bank’s senior management professionals in an effort to achieve and accomplish the Bank’s strategic objectives.  During her tenure, the bank has reached many milestones including achieving record earnings levels since the inception of the institution and continuing to grow through acquisitions to an asset level of approximately $400 million.  These achievements continue to receive recognition as Citizens Trust Bank has been consistently named one of the top five African-American owned commercial banks in the country.  In addition, in 2007 the company was cited by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution as one of Georgia’s Top 100 publicly traded companies.  Citizens Trust Bank was the only African-American owned company which qualified for inclusion on the list.  Ms. Day believes embodying a spirit of excellence and service are key elements in ensuring the bank remains successful in its vision, mission and strategic goals.

					Prior to becoming a banker, Ms. Day worked for KMPG as an audit manager during the time the firm was designated as the largest accounting firm in the world.  During this time she became a licensed Certified Public Accountant and has been a CPA for over 20 years.   Ms. Day managed audit engagements for companies across several different industries including banking, insurance, manufacturing and educational institutions, some of which were publicly traded. She left KMPG in 1993 when she was recruited by Citizens Federal Savings Bank, a banking client, to lead the financial area of the Bank and was quickly promoted to oversee the entire operations as the COO.  With a career that spans over 20 years in the banking and finance industries, service to the community is at the heart of everything she represents. 

					A member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Day has been recognized for her leadership and mentorship in various community and professional organizations including being named one of “Atlanta’s Top 100 Black Women of Influence” by the Atlanta Business League and one of Atlanta Tribune’s “Wonder Women”.  She is a member of or has previously served in various organizations such as the Board of Directors of the National Banker’s Association, the Georgia Society of CPAs, The University of Alabama Continuing Education Advisory Board, the American Liver Foundation, the United Negro College Fund, and the Mt. Paran Church of God.

					A native of Fayette, Alabama and a graduate of The University of Alabama, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Day received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Accounting.  She and her husband, James Day, reside in Smyrna, Georgia and are the proud parents of two daughters, Cydney and Natasha. 

					 





	 








Who We Are Mission And HistoryExecutive LeadershipBoard OfficersBoard Vice ChairsBoard of DirectorsExecutive StaffMembershipBusiness Hall of Fame



ABL Committees

Marketing & Public Relations



	Alexis Davis Smith

President
	PRecise Communications

	Responsible for developing and implementing the organization's brand identity to ensure a positive and consistent community image.

This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.

Membership



	Dionne Moore Peasant

CEO
	Meat Masters, Inc.

	Responsible for planning and implementing programs and events designed to recruit and retain members. The committee recommends and evaluates products and services, which provide direct enhancements and tangible benefits to the membership.

This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.

Public Policy



	Thomas Dortch, Jr.

President & CEO
	TWD, Inc.

	Monitor and coordinate legislative and governmental affairs of concern to the constituent body of the organization. Create and maintain a legislative and governmental awareness of ABL, its programs and activities.

This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.

Business Opportunity



	Todd Gray

Director, Supplier Diversity Materials Management
	Grady Health System

	Responsible for the development and implementation of programs for ABL members that would increase access to business development opportunities and the expansion of business relationships.

This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.

Education



	Gretchen Fuller

President
	Warner Fuller Consulting, LLC

	Responsible for the development of continuing education programs to include seminars and training based on members’ needs. Topics range from human resources and personnel issues to bidding.

This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.





Who is Online 
We have 38 guests and no members online









ABL Partners for Corporate Growth





















































































































	 

	Atlanta Business League
	931 Martin Luther King Jr. Dr.
	Atlanta, Georgia 30314
	404-584-8126 (O)
	404-584-0445 (F)


















Cynthia N. Day - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Cynthia N. Day
Board Member at Aaron's, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Cynthia N. Day? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Cynthia N. Day's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Cynthia N. Day's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Cynthia N. Day's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Cynthia N. Day through your network of contacts.
												








Cynthia N. Day's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Aaron's, Inc.


Board Member, 
Primerica, Inc.


Past
To view Cynthia N. Day's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															The University of Alabama


Age
51

 
 


Cynthia N. Day's Biography



Ms. Day has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Citizens Bancshares Corporation and Citizens Trust Bank since February 2012. Citizens Bancshares Corporation was a publicly held corporation until January 2017. She served as Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Citizens Trust Bank from February 2003 to January 2012 and served as its acting President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2012 to February 2012. She previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and in other capacities of Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham from 1993 until its acquisition by Citizens ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Day has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Citizens Bancshares Corporation and Citizens Trust Bank since February 2012. Citizens Bancshares Corporation was a publicly held corporation until January 2017. She served as Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Citizens Trust Bank from February 2003 to January 2012 and served as its acting President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2012 to February 2012. She previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and in other capacities of Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham from 1993 until its acquisition by Citizens Trust Bank in 2003. Before joining Citizens Trust Bank, she served as an audit manager for KPMG. Ms. Day also serves on the Board of Directors of Aaron's. Inc., the National Banker's Association, and the Atlanta Area Council of Boy Scouts of America. She is a member of the Georgia Society of CPAs, and a member of the Rotary Club of Atlanta. Ms. Day received a B.S. degree from the University of Alabama.
 
Ms. Day brings to our Board experience as the chief executive officer of a publicly held company as well as expertise in general management, mergers and acquisitions ("M&A"), government and regulatory affairs, finance and accounting, strategic planning, risk and asset management and corporate governance. She also has experience serving on the boards of directors of several public companies. In addition, the customer base served by Citizens Bancshares is very similar to that served by the Company, giving her a great understanding of their buying habits, the products they purchase and effective marketing and communication methods.
		
Source: Primerica, Inc. on 03/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Cynthia N. Day's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Cynthia N. Day. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Cynthia N. Day's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Cynthia N. Day's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Cynthia N. Day through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Cynthia N. Day


















Cynthia N. Day's Connections (65)





Sign up now to view Cynthia N. Day's 65 connections »









Ray M. Robinson
Board Member, Acuity Brands, Inc.









Ronald W. Allen
Board Member, The Coca-Cola Company









P. George Benson
Board Member, Crawford & Company









H. Eugene Lockhart
Board Member, Huron Consulting Group Inc.









Kevin J. Wilson
Former Executive Vice Present and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank, Citizens Bancshares Corporation









Gary L. Crittenden
Board Member, Primerica, Inc.









Ryan K. Woodley
Chief Executive Officer, Progressive Finance Holdings, LLC, Aaron's, Inc.









Peter W. Schneider
President, Primerica, Inc.









William K. Butler
Former Chief Operating Officer, Aaron's, Inc.









Kathy T. Betty
Board Member, Aaron's, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















cynthia n. day | 








































Advertisements

















Skip to content

Home










Tag Archives: cynthia n. day

Not Just Deposits But Shares: Buying A Stake In African America’s Publicly Traded Banks

Posted on July 18, 2016 by hbcumoney | 9 comments



Editor’s Correction: Broadway Federal Bank located in Los Angeles, California is also publicly traded and information added below (July 19, 2016)
“But not only that, we’ve got to strengthen black institutions. I call upon you to take your money out of the banks downtown and deposit your money in Tri-State Bank. We want a “bank-in” movement in Memphis. Go by the savings and loan association. I’m not asking you something that we don’t do ourselves at SCLC.”- Martin Luther King, Jr.
It has been noted here at HBCU Money that after every tragic death of an African American by a police officer our site spikes. The primary cause for that spike has been a search for African American owned banks and credit unions and it usually last for a few days, then there are marches, pacification, and all returns to normal as does our site’s traffic. After the recent deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile though something changed and the current numbers say it may finally be the groundswell needed for a permanent paradigm shift in African America’s thought process of self-dependence and empowerment. Banks are the foundation of allowing a community, city, state, nation to control its money and circulate their dollars within the aforementioned entities. This has been at the root of African America’s problem with getting dollars to circulate within its community – simply put a lack of dollars within the financial institutions in the community. Deposits turn into loans and those loans turn into mortgages to increase African American home ownership, reduces predatory lending, and helps launch small businesses which translates into jobs and wealth in the community usually of the bank or credit union entity.
The shift has been profound as banks like Unity National Bank and Citizens Trust (featured here) are overwhelmed by the number of new accounts to the point that their staff simply can not process the volume. Lobbies are jam packed with African Americans moving their money. The seed is planted, but it can not stop there. Another leg of this has to be investing in these institutions from an ownership perspective. More demand for their shares will cause the institutions share prices to increase and increase the value of the company. This allows the company to expand, open new offices, hire more people, and eventually buy other banks. As it buys other banks, it can scale up and drive down cost, which it can then pass that savings on to customers. All of this is investment in our institutions leads to a cycle of economic independence and empowerment that begins to grow and feed on itself like a snowball rolling down hill.
Lastly, America has roughly 13 700 publicly traded companies, but there are only three African American owned public companies (0.02% of all American public companies) and two of them are banks. Below are there profiles. If you want to buy shares in these companies, visit our link on Opening A Brokerage Account.
_______________________________________________________
CITIZENS BANCSHARES CORPORATION
CEO: Ms. Cynthia N. Day, CPA (Above Right)
Ticker Symbol: CZBS
Citizens Bancshares Corporation operates as the holding company for Citizens Trust Bank that provides various commercial banking products and services. The company accepts commercial and consumer deposit accounts, such as non-interest bearing checking accounts, money market checking accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts, individual retirement accounts, time certificates of deposit, sweep accounts, and regular savings accounts. Its loan products include consumer/installment loans, mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, construction loans, commercial loans, and small business loans. The company operates seven full-service financial centers in metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia; one full-service branch in Columbus, Georgia; one full-service branch in Birmingham, Alabama; and one full-service branch in Eutaw, Alabama. Citizens Bancshares Corporation was founded in 1921 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia.
M&F BANCORP
CEO: Mr. James H. Sills, III (Above Left)
Ticker Symbol: MFBP
M&F Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Mechanics and Farmers Bank that provides consumer and commercial banking products and services in North Carolina. The company offers deposit products, including checking, savings, negotiable order of withdrawal, money market, and individual retirement accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. It also provides loans for real estate, construction, businesses, personal use, home improvement, and automobiles; and equity lines of credit, credit lines, consumer loans, and credit cards. In addition, the company offers safe deposit boxes, Internet and mobile banking services, travelers checks, notary services, and automated teller machine services, as well as electronic funds transfer services, such as wire transfers. It operates seven branch offices in Durham, Raleigh, Charlotte, Greensboro, and Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The company was founded in 1907 and is headquartered in Durham, North Carolina.
BROADWAY FEDERAL BANK
CEO: Wayne-Kent A. Bradshaw
Ticker Symbol: BYFC
Broadway Financial Corporation operates as the holding company for Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.b. that provides savings and loan business services for low to moderate income communities in Southern California. The company accepts various deposit products, such as passbook savings accounts, checking accounts, NOW accounts, money market accounts, and fixed-term certificates of deposits. It also provides loan products, including multi-family mortgage, commercial real estate, single family mortgage, church, construction, commercial, and consumer loans. It operates three full service branches comprising two in the city of Los Angeles and one in the city of Inglewood, California. The company was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.
Source: Company profiles provided by Yahoo Finance.


Advertisements




 


 

9 Comments

Posted in Banking & Credit Unions 
Tagged afrian american public companies, black banks, broadway federal bank fsb, citizens bancshares georgia, cynthia n. day, iii, james h. sills, mechanics and farmers bank, wayne-kent a. bradshaw 


The Most Powerful Women in African American Owned Banks

Posted on October 16, 2013 by hbcumoney | 1 comment


The true worth of a race must be measured by the character of its womanhood. – Mary McLeod Bethune

African American owned banks might be on the decline, down to 21 from 54 over the past 20 years, but the ranks of African American women in positions of power continues to rise. Our list includes 3 CEOs, 1 President, 2 CFOs, 13 Vice-Presidents, and 7 board of directors. A sign that the playing field for African American women within African American organizations is much friendlier than their counterparts. African American women comprise almost 15 percent of African American owned banks CEO positions, while European American women make up only 5 percent of European America’s top 20 banks.
We have done our best to find out just who are some of the amazing African American women serving as executives and directors at African American owned banks around the country. Some banks do not have their management or board of directors listed so we are sure we missed some, but for now here is who we found and some of their stories.
Broadway Federal Bank
Mildred Cayton is the Controller for Broadway Federal Bank, making her the number two in charge at the California-based bank.
Commonwealth National Bank
Jacquitta Powell Green is the Vice President of Northside Exchange. She has served on the boards of Volunteer Mobile, the National Check Cashier Association, the City of Prichard Chamber, Leadership Mobile and as the Nominations Chair of Delta Sigma Theta, Inc. and Services to Youth Chair/Greater Mobile Chapter of the LJNKS, Inc. Jacquitta Powell Green is a graduate of Alabama A & M University and Springhill College.
Citizens Trust Bank
Cynthia N. Day, President and CEO (pictured above) – assumed the presidency of the Company and Citizens Trust Bank on February 27, 2012. Day joined Citizens Trust Bank in February 2003 as Executive Vice President of Management Services after the Bank acquired Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham, where she served as the Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer and in other capacities since 1993. Two years after the acquisition, she became the Senior Executive Vice President & COO of the Company and the Bank. Prior to becoming a banker, Ms. Day, who is a certified public accountant, worked for KMPG as an audit manager, managing audit engagements for companies across several different industries including banking, insurance, manufacturing and educational institutions. Ms. Day has been recognized for her leadership and mentorship in various community and professional organizations including being named one of “Atlanta’s Top 100 Black Women of Influence” by the Atlanta Business League and one of Atlanta Tribune’s “Wonder Women”. She currently serves on the board of The National Banker’s Association and Aarons, Inc. She is also a member or has actively served in various organizations such as the Georgia Society of CPAs, The University of Alabama Continuing Education Advisory Board, the American Liver Foundation and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Ms. Day’s insight into the day-to-day operations of the Bank and her expertise in the banking industry adds value to the board and qualifies her to serve as a director.
Mercy P. Owens, began her service as a director in 2004.  Ms. Owens retired as Senior Vice President of Wachovia Bank with more than 30 years of banking experience, primarily in the area of compliance.  Ms. Owens is the President of Resource Consulting, which has been engaged by Fortune 500 companies, small businesses, and non-profit organizations to provide training and development for her constituents.  She serves on the St. Augustine’s College Falcon Foundation Board and Emory Hospital Winship Cancer Center Advisory Board.  We believe Ms. Owens’ previous years of banking experience are very valuable to the board and qualify her to serve as a director.
Industrial Bank
Patricia A. Mitchell, EVP, Retail and Sales Operation, is also a member of the board of directors. For Ms. Mitchell, Industrial Bank is more than a job, it is a legacy. She is the granddaughter of the bank’s founder and had fate not had its hand she would have never entered the family business. Luckily, she did and the rest has been history.
Massie S. Fleming has been a Director of IBW Financial Corp., since 1985. Mrs. Fleming retired at the end of 1997 from her position as Executive Vice President of the Industrial Bank, N.A. Prior to that date, she served in various executive and administrative positions at the bank since 1959, including as Chief Executive Officer from 1985 to mid 1997.
Pamela King has been a Director of IBW Financial Corp., since June 2001. Ms. King serves as President of the accounting firm of King, King, and Associates. Ms. King was one of the first African-American women to serve on the Maryland Board that certifies CPA’s.
Liberty Bank
Rhonda M. McMillan, Senior Vice President & Chief Credit Officer, Ms. McMillan is responsible for credit administration, mortgage operations, Visa and risk management for Liberty. She has an MBA in Finance from Clark Atlanta University and a graduate degree in banking from Southern Methodist University’s Southwestern Graduate School of Banking. With over 15 years in banking and credit administration, Ms. McMillan has held numerous positions within the credit administration and risk management areas.
Mechanics  & Farmers Bank
Connie White serves as Vice Chairman of Mechanics and Farmers Bank. Ms. White has been a Director of Mechanics and Farmers Bank since 2002. She serves on the boards of the Durham County ABC Board and the NC Legislative Black Caucus Foundation. Ms. White has a total of 8 years of banking experience. Ms. White earned a Bachelors of Science Degree from Hampton University and a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Kim D. Saunders has been the CEO and President of M&F BanCorp. Inc. since 2007. Prior, she served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Consolidated Bank & Trust Company. She also holds appointments as a Vice Chair of the Richmond Renaissance and member of the Virginia Fair Housing Board. A rich professional career as she has more than 20 years of commercial banking experience. She has been Director of M&F BanCorp. Inc. and Mechanics & Farmers Bank since 2009 and 2007 respectively. Ms. Saunders serves on the boards of the Greater Richmond Chamber of Commerce, the Virginia Biotech Research Park Corporation, Saint Catherine’s School, World Affairs Council (VA), and the Bon Secours Richmond Health System (Joint Hospitals). Ms. Saunders holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from the Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania and Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Shaw University in 2007.

OneUnited Bank
Deloris Pettis-Donaldson serves as a director at OneUnitedBank. served as Director of Internal Audit at Harvard University and was instrumental in transforming the internal audit function into a risk management department. Ms. Pettis-Donaldson has extensive finance and internal audit experience. She served for four years as Group Audit Manager of North American, Latin American, and Caribbean operations at Digital Equipment Corp. She also helped to develop and implement a risk-based operating model. Before Digital, she served as Director of Internal Audit for Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority (MBTA). In addition to working at Digital and MBTA, she worked at BankBoston Corp., National Association of Securities Dealers and the accounting firm of Peat Marwick Mitchell. At BankBoston, she held a range of senior finance positions, including Manager of Regulatory Reporting and Manager of Internal Control. At Digital, she served on the Advisory Board for the Financial Development Program. She serves as Director of Harvard School of Public Health. She is a Certified Public Accountant and Certified Internal Auditor. She has an MBA from Tulane University’s Graduate School of Business Administration and a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science from the State University of New York, Buffalo.
Teri Williams serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of OneUnited Bank (formerly, Boston Bank of Commerce). Ms. Williams is responsible for implementation of OneUnited Bank’s strategic initiatives, as well as its day to day operations. She has 25 years of financial services experience from premier institutions such as Bank of America and American Express TRS Company, where Ms. Williams served as a youngest Vice President. She served as a Senior Vice President of OneUnited Bank. She serves as Director of OneUnited Bank. She served as a Director at Carver Bancorp Inc. since 2000. She has been Treasurer of Dimock Community Health Center for over 5 years and is its Vice Chairperson. Ms. Williams is involved in community projects, including Treasurer of UNICEF/New England and the Board of Overseers for WGBH (public tv). Ms. Williams has received numerous notations and awards for her contribution to urban communities including from the Urban League, NAACP and the National Black MBA Association. Ms. Williams holds an M.B.A. with honors from Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration and a B.A. with distinctions in Economics from Brown University.
Sherri Brewer is Senior Vice President, Chief Retail Officer of OneUnited Bank. She has been in the banking industry for 30 years.
Cecilia Isaac serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of OneUnited Bank. Ms. Isaac is responsible for OneUnited Bank’s lending operations including loan origination (sales and production), loan service and asset management. Ms. Isaac has over 30 years of banking experience – beginning with Security Pacific and including First Interstate Bancorp and Bank of California. Ms. Isaac has retail banking and extensive lending expertise in single family lending, commercial lending, commercial real estate lending, portfolio management, loan work out, mortgage sales and credit administration. Ms. Isaac holds a bachelor’s degree, a master’s in public administration and a certificate in tax administration from the University of Southern California.
Seaway Bank and Trust Company
Phyllis Davis serves as President of Phyllis Davis Real Estate. Phyllis Davis serves as Director of Seaway Bank And Trust Company.
Gail L. Bahar, Vice President/Human Resources Officer
Lois B. Jenkins, Vice President/Trust Officer
Claudette Harris, Vice President/Marketing Officer
Trina E. Phelps, Vice President/Internal Auditor/Loan Review Officer
Denise Weaver, Senior Vice President/Operations
Arlene Williams, Senior Executive Vice President/Lending
United Bank of Philadelphia
Marionette Y. Wilson joined the Board of Directors of United Bank of Philadelphia in  1992 as a founding director. She is now retired but was formerly the Co-Founder/Partner, John Frazier, Inc., Philadelphia, PA from 1981-2002.
Evelyn F. Smalls has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of the United Bank of Philadelphia since June of 2000.  Prior to this appointment, she was the Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Compliance.
Brenda M. Hudson-Nelson serves as United Bank of Philadelphia’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mrs. Hudson-Nelson’s responsibilities include directing financial planning, financial reporting, implementing, managing the Bank’s investment portfolio, and managing the Bank’s sensitivity to interest rate risk.  Prior to joining United Bank of Philadelphia, Ms. Hudson-Nelson was an Audit Manager for Ernst & Young, a ”Big 6” accounting firm serving clients in the financial services industry.
Dimitria Davenport is an Assistant Vice President of Compliance and Administration. Ms. Davenport’s responsibilities are to ensure that the Bank adheres to all applicable consumer protection laws, and federal and state regulations. In her eighteen-year tenure in the financial services industry, she has held key roles within Human Resources, Training and Retail Administration.
Juliette L. Holmes is the Assistant Vice President of Retail Banking and Business Development. In this capacity, she is responsible for overseeing branch operations and business development for the Bank’s three branches. Ms. Holmes has many years of experience in retail banking and has coached and mentored branch personnel to provide exceptional customer service.
 

1 Comment

Posted in Banking & Credit Unions 
Tagged african american women, banking, black owned banks, cynthia n. day, finance, women in banking 






Advertisements






 


Search for:



  Recent Posts 

HBCU Money’s 2017 African American Brokerage Directory


Unemployment Rate By HBCU State – May 2017


African America’s June Jobs Report – 7.1%


HBCU Money™ Business Book Feature – Restart: The Last Chance for the Indian Economy


Can YOU Run This Institution: Prairie View A&M Looks To Train Next Generation of HBCU Administrators


 Archives 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
December 2011
November 2011

Categories 
B-School

Banking & Credit Unions

Books

Business

Central Banks

Economics

Editorial

Entrepreneurs

Finance & Tech Review

Histronomics

Investing

Lifestyle

Lists

Market Watch

Personal Finance

Philanthropy

Real Estate

Technology

Uncategorized


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 
 




Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.













Post to



Cancel







 







 















































































































































Cynthia N. Day, New Director Of Primerica, Inc.(Photo: Business Wire) - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Cynthia N. Day, New Director Of Primerica, Inc.(Photo: Business Wire)






Business Wire




Jan 27, 2014 4:05 PM EST













 




























































  Primerica, Inc. (NYSE:PRI) today announced the election of Cynthia N. Day to the Company’s Board of Directors. Ms. Day, age 48, has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Citizens Bancshares Corporation and Citizens Trust Bank since February 2012. She served as Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Citizens Trust Bank from February 2003 to January 2012 and served as its acting President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2012 to February 2012. She previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and in other capacities at Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham from 1993 until its acquisition by Citizens Trust Bank in 2003. Before joining Citizens Trust Bank, she served as an audit manager for KPMG. Ms. Day currently serves on the board of directors of Aaron’s, Inc., Citizens Bancshares Corporation and Citizens Trust Bank. Ms. Day also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Banker’s Association, and the Atlanta Business League. She is a member of the Georgia Society of CPAs, and a member of the Rotary Club of Atlanta. Ms. Day graduated with a B.S. degree from the University of Alabama.   Cynthia N. Day, New Director of Primerica, Inc.(Photo: Business Wire)   “We are thrilled to have Cynthia join our Board,” said D. Richard Williams, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO of Primerica. “As a result of her many years with Citizens Bancshares, she understands the needs of middle income households and the financial challenges faced by these families. Primerica is focused on helping these households succeed and Cynthia’s experience and expertise will be invaluable to us as we fulfill that mission.” Ms. Day said, “I am delighted to join the board of Primerica, Inc. This is a wonderful company and I look forward to helping Primerica positively impact the financial futures of middle income families across North America.”  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Insider Trading Alert - MPLX, ABG And PRI Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include MPLX, ABG and PRI



TheStreet Wire

May 25, 2016 11:15 AM EDT
























Primerica (PRI) Flagged As Strong On High Volume
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Primerica (PRI) as a strong on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Apr 6, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - DW, PRI And CPB Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include DW, PRI and CPB



TheStreet Wire

Nov 30, 2015 10:15 AM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - WMGI, JBLU And PRI Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include WMGI, JBLU and PRI



TheStreet Wire

Oct 12, 2015 10:15 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Amazon 'Deceptive' Pricing Probe by the FTC Could Be the Start of a Government Siege


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Chipotle's New Health Scare Could Trigger a 'Hindenburg Scenario', Expert Says











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 


Cynthia Day | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Cynthia DaySenior Software Engineer at Robins AFBLocationBonaire, GeorgiaIndustryDefense & SpaceCurrentWarner Robins AFBPreviousRaytheon, Bell Laboratories, Lucent TechnologiesEducationNorth Central CollegeRecommendations6 people have recommended Cynthia500+ connectionsView Cynthia’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Cynthia’s Full ProfileSummarySoftware Engineer / Software Developer specializing in database development.Qualification------------------ •   6+ years of experience at Raytheon,  database development • Secret Clearance  • 20+ years of experience at Lucent Technologies, a fortune 500 company • 15+ years of experience in database engineering and development •   4+ years of experience managing and leading others in technical roles  •   3+ years of experience in product support •   2+ year of experience in database tool development •   Specialized in Oracle, Informix SQL , C, C++ and Ada code development in a UNIX and Windows environmentsSpecialties: Business Skills: Senior Developer, Mentor and Team LeaderOperating Systems: Unix,  Solaris,  Windows NT/2000/XP, Windows 7Software Languages:C,  Shell,  C++,  Java,  XML,  SQL,  ODIN,  Fortran, Assembler,  Pascal, Basic,  LISP,  Prolog,  YAC, Ada, OracleSoftware/Tools:  MS Office Suite,  Netscape, MS Internet Explorer,  CMSExperienceSenior Software EngineerWarner Robins AFBPresentSenior Software EngineerRaytheonMay 2010  –  May 2016 (6 years 1 month)Database Development & Application Software (Ada/SQL/Oracle/PV-Wave/Perl)  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------       Provide Mission Data File Generation support        Supported the migration to Windows 7 with Oracle 11g       Software Engineer- Secret ClearanceMTSBell LaboratoriesOctober 2003  –  December 2006 (3 years 3 months)ORCA Data Base & Application Software ------------------------------------------------------------Operation and Maintenance Center, accessible on the web through a Graphic User Interface.  Unix database stores pertinent data from other subsystems, for display on the ORCA interface.Skills : UNIX, C++ and vi - Feature DeveloperMTSBell LaboratoriesOctober 2000  –  September 2003 (3 years)Recent Change and Verify RC/V-----------------------------------------------On-site, real-time relational database tools that supported database validation and single form update.Skills: Unix, C and vi- Senior DeveloperMTSLucent TechnologiesJuly 1999  –  September 2000 (1 year 3 months)Network Wireless System SU Tools----------------------------------------------------Provided Software Update load line scheduling and query tools.  These tools allowed developers and management follow any code changes from initiation to final software product.Skills: Java,  HTML and SHELL - Tool DeveloperMTSLucent TechnologiesJune 1998  –  June 1999 (1 year 1 month)5ESS High Level RC/V and ASM Development ------------------------------------------------------------------ASM introduced a new switching hardware platform for the 5ESS software functionality.  High level real-time database tool development support.Skills: UNIX, C, YAC and vi . Tool DeveloperMTSLucent TechnologiesSeptember 1995  –  May 1998 (2 years 9 months)CMS Application Support and Development --------------------------------------------------------------Call Management System (CMS) provide 1-800 customers with call routing services.  Based on traffic and time of day, calls are routed to available agents, wait queues or phone messaging systems.  Statistics and report on traffic, agent performance and call progression are available with CMS.  Later evolved to ACD with Avaya.Skills: Informix SQL, C, Visual Basic, Network Communication, Support/Customer interation and Team Leadership . Team Leader and Coordinator of Tier4 CMS helpline . Engineer, correcting severe impacting field issues.ISSMAT&T - Network SystemsJune 1986  –  August 1995 (9 years 3 months)ODA Application Software Development (ODIN)  --------------------------------------------------------------------Off-site, batch relational database tools that supported database initial population, information validation and software update to the new release.Merged with Bell Labs in 1989.  Promoted to MTSSkills: UNIX, ODIN (AT&T version of Informix SQL), Shell, Ksh and vi . Senior Developer and MentorEducationNorth Central CollegeMS, Computer ScienceMS, Computer Science1988  –  1991Course Work completedMasters Project incomplete due to project advisor leaving NCCNorth Central CollegeBS, Computer ScienceBS, Computer Science1984  –  1986SkillsUnixSoftware DevelopmentXMLSoftware EngineeringSQLC++SolarisWirelessCTelecommunicationsJavaOracleAda programmingCDMAWindowsSee 6+LispPascalOperating SystemsEmbedded SystemsIntegrationIPSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!RecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Cynthia:Cindy is a dedicated, results-oriented professional with strong technical and interpersonal skills.  She consistently delivered on her commitments on-time and with high quality.  I enjoyed working with Cindy at Lucent/Bell-Labs on various projects and would highly recommend her.See moreSee lessCindy has truly outstanding software engineering and development skills.  She has strong experience managing others and she has excellent interpersonal skills that translate cross functionally.  She understands fully, the complete product lifecycle.  Her vast array of business acumen was developed in a world class company (Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies) which enhances her value as a top rate employee. I highly recommend Cindy for any senior level positions.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended CynthiaGroupsHiring for Hope and our JobAngels ProgramNorth Central College Alumni Network (2,000+ members)Tampa Bay Area Technology ProfessionalsAT&T Employee AlumniFlorida Technology ProfessionalsCareer Central - sponsored by reCareered.comUnited Cerebral Palsy of Tampa Bay Young ProfessionalsSee 2 moreTampa Bay / Orlando Networking and Marketing MastermindAlcatel Lucent Association Group (+ 10,000 members WW)See lessView Cynthia’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Cynthia directlyView Cynthia’s Full ProfileNot the Cynthia you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedHahns MenardSubcontract Mgmt Staff. at Lockheed MartinAshley NickellManager, Category Management at Lockheed MartinSamir KhanVirtualization/Cloud Consultant - Team LeadGarth DimockSenior Manager Supply Chain Contracts at Lockheed MartinMercedes BacaTelecommunications Ops Engineer at Charter Communications黄勃深圳怡化电脑股份有限公司 - 经理Andrew LongSoftware Engineer at Warner Robins Air Logistics CenterRob BrimmerLockheed Martin Space Systems Company (Retired)Sheila Hobbs, MBAProject Management Staff at Lockheed Martin AeronauticsPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Cynthia DayFirst NameLast NameExample:  Cynthia DayCynthia Day O'BrienSenior Director, Business Development at Inflamax Research Inc.United StatesCynthia DaySenior Executive Vice President/COO at Citizens Trust BankUnited StatesCynthia DayReal Estate BrokerUnited StatesCynthia DayController, Pentair Electrical N.A.United StatesCynthia DayManager at NTS CommunicationsUnited StatesMore professionals named Cynthia DayLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















 




www.zoominfo.com | 502: Bad gateway

















Error
502
Ray ID: 382403e583d74668 • 2017-07-22 05:31:42 UTC

Bad gateway









You
Browser
Working






Taipei
Cloudflare
Working






www.zoominfo.com
Host
Error







What happened?
The web server reported a bad gateway error.


What can I do?
Please try again in a few minutes.





Cloudflare Ray ID: 382403e583d74668
•
Your IP: 104.199.203.235
•
Performance & security by Cloudflare

























 



 Aaron’s Elects Cynthia N. Day to Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Aaron's Elects Cynthia N. Day to Board of Directors

Oct 07, 2011, 16:53 ET
		  		  									
						 from   Aaron's, Inc. 











 
















































 

 






















































 























 

 

 
 
 
 







Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE: AAN), a lease-to-own retailer specializing in the sales and lease ownership of residential furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories, announced today that Cynthia N. Day has been elected to its Board of ...    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Aaron's, Inc. Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Aaron's, Inc.)    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE: AAN), a lease-to-own retailer specializing in the sales and lease ownership of residential furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories, announced today that Cynthia N. Day has been elected to its Board of Directors.  (PRNewsFoto/Aaron's, Inc., Darnel Williams)
 























 




 




Aaron's, Inc. Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Aaron's, Inc.)
 


 
























 




 





 


ATLANTA, Oct. 7, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:   AAN), a lease-to-own retailer specializing in the sales and lease ownership of residential furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories, announced today that Cynthia N. Day has been elected to its Board of Directors. Day is the senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Atlanta-based Citizens Trust Bank.
(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20111007/CL82883 )
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090423/CL03821LOGO )
"We are extremely pleased to welcome Cynthia as a member of our Board of Directors," said Robin Loudermilk, CEO and president of Aaron's, Inc. "Cynthia has achieved remarkable success as the first woman to hold a COO position with Citizens Trust.  Her 20-year career in banking and finance is a testament to her keen business sense and will be a tremendous asset to our Board.  We look forward to drawing upon her expertise as we continue to grow and expand."
In her current role, Day works to establish and implement the vision and strategic direction of Citizens Trust Bank. She joined the institution in February 2003 as executive vice president of management services through an acquisition by the historical Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham. During her tenure at Citizens Trust, the bank has reached milestones including achieving record earnings levels since its inception and continuing growth through acquisitions.
Day has been recognized as one of "Atlanta's Top 100 Black Women of Influence" by the Atlanta Business League and one of the Atlanta Tribune's "Wonder Women."  She is active in the Atlanta community and is a member of or has previously served in various organizations including the Board of Directors of the National Banker's Association, the Georgia Society of CPAs, The University of Alabama Continuing Education Advisory Board, the American Liver Foundation and the United Negro College Fund.  
Day graduated from the University of Alabama with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Accounting.  She and her husband, James Day, reside in Smyrna, Georgia, and are the proud parents of a daughter, Cydney.
Day's election to Aaron's Board of Directors follows closely behind other major announcements from the Company.  Last week the Company announced an investment in Perfect Home Holdings Limited, a privately-held U.K. rent-to-own company.  In September, Aaron's announced Tom Peterson joining as vice president of marketing. 
About Aaron's, Inc.
Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:   AAN), the nation's leader in the sales and lease ownership and specialty retailing of residential furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories, has more than 1,900 Company-operated and franchised stores in 48 states and Canada. Founded in 1955 by entrepreneur R. Charles Loudermilk, Sr. and headquartered in Atlanta, Aaron's has been publicly traded since 1982. For more information, visit www.aarons.com.
 SOURCE  Aaron's, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.aarons.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Oct 10, 2011, 11:27 ET
Preview: Aaron's Founder Charlie Loudermilk Presented With Prestigious Four Pillar Award















Oct 05, 2011, 10:47 ET
Preview: Aaron's, Inc. Invests in U.K. Company






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 25, 2017, 12:21 ET
Aaron's And Former NFL Star Kurt Warner Celebrate Independence...














May 25, 2017, 12:21 ET
Aaron's, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call and...














May 25, 2017, 12:21 ET
Aaron's And Progressive Leasing Celebrate End Of School Year With...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Day Cynthia's Care                                                                                                       - Marianna                                          , AR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AR



Marianna



Child Day Care Services



Child Day Care Services



                            Day Cynthia's Care
                                    



 





















D 


Day Cynthia's Care                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



110 W CHESTNUT ST MARIANNA, AR 72360
Get Directions



(870) 821-4089
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $80,903.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Child Day Care Services
 Contacts Cynthia Martin                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011 the company has been providing Child Day Care Services. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Cynthia N. Day CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:31 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Citizens Bancshares Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Cynthia N. Day CPAPresident, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Citizens Bancshares CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships51$518,183As of Fiscal Year 2015
Background

		Ms. Cynthia N. Day, CPA, has been the Chief Executive Officer and President at Citizens Bancshares Corporation and Citizens Trust Bank since February 27, 2012. Ms. Day served as the Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Citizens Trust Bank from February 2003 to January 2012 and served as its acting President and Chief Executive Officer from January 2012 to February 2012. She previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating ... Officer and in other capacities at Citizens Federal Savings Bank of Birmingham since 1993 until its acquisition by Citizens Trust Bank in 2003. She served as Chief Operating Officer from July 27, 2005 to January 5, 2012 and Executive Vice President until April 29, 2005 at Citizens Bancshares Corp. and also served as its Senior Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary. Ms. Day served as Director of Management Services at Citizens Trust Bank from 2003 to April 2005 and also served as its Executive Vice President of Management Services. Before joining Citizens Trust Bank, she served as an audit manager for KPMG. She has been an Independent Director at Citizens Trust Bank since February 27, 2012 and Primerica, Inc. since January 27, 2014. She has been an Independent Director at Aaron's, Inc. since October 7, 2011. She has been Director of Citizens Bancshares Corp. since February 27, 2012. She served as a Director of CFS Bancshares, Inc. since January 1998 and subsidiary Citizens Federal Savings Bank. She also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Banker's Association and the Atlanta Business League. She is a member of the Georgia Society of CPAs and a member of the Rotary Club of Atlanta. Ms. Day graduated with a B.S. degree from the University of Alabama.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
230 Peachtree Street, NWAtlanta, Georgia 30303United StatesPhone: 678-406-4000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2011-PresentIndependent DirectorAaron's, Inc.2012-PresentPresident, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorCitizens Bancshares Corporation2012-PresentCEO, President, Director, CEO of Citizens Bancshares Corp and President of Citizens Bancshares Corp Citizens Trust Bank2014-PresentIndependent DirectorPrimerica, Inc.
Education
BS University Of Alabama
Other Affiliations
Aaron's, Inc.Primerica, Inc.CFS Bancshares, Inc.University Of AlabamaCitizens Trust Bank


Annual Compensation
Salary$330,000Total Annual Compensation$330,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$143,150All Other Compensation$21,650Exercisable Options$11,161Total Number of Options$11,161
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$351,650Total Short Term Compensation$330,000Other Long Term Compensation$164,800Total Calculated Compensation$518,183




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWilliam S. Demchak Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentThe PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.$1.1MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citizens Bancshares Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























CYNTHIA DAY - PATERSON, NJ - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



PATERSON



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            CYNTHIA DAY
                                    



 





















C 


CYNTHIA DAY
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



449 E 32ND ST FL 1 PATERSON, NJ 07504
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $47,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Cynthia Day was founded in 2010. Cynthia Day specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Cynthia Day has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $47,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














