









	Biography























Facebook
Twitter
RSS



Support the NFF - Donate Now!






National Football Foundation








Home

News
Top Stories
Events
Photos
Blog
Footballetters
Chapter Newsletter
Archives


Programs
Overview
NFF Showcases
Scholar-Athletes
Awards
College Football Hall of Fame
Annual Awards Dinner
Rankings


Video

Resources
Overview
Donate
Institutional Academic Members
Partners
Shop
Links


Membership
Overview
Chapter List
Start Chapter
Calendar
Chapter Websites
Join
Renew


About
Mission
Leadership
History
Internships
Contact Us


NFF Store








 













Profile Details














Arthur J. DecioHighlightsChairman, Skyline Corp.Indiana UniversityThe National Football Foundation's
Distinguished American Award is not an award presented every year. It is
presented when the NFF board of directors feels there is a person especially
deserving.
As the millennium begins, the
National Football Foundation decided Arthur J. Decio is a man who ranks as a
Distinguished American. When the announcement of Decio's selection was made
earlier this year, National Football Foundation chairman Jon F. Hanson said,
"Through his vision and his leadership, Art has been able to leave an
indelible mark in his community and on our nation." 
Hanson made the announcement at the
Hall of Fame in South Bend, uniquely appropriate
because Indiana
is Decio's home territory. Decio is chairman of Skyline Corporation, Elkhart, Indiana.
During his five-decade career, he has received national recognition for his
achievements in business, as well as his commitment to a wide range of civic,
religious, educational, and humanitarian causes.
Mr. Decio was 22 when he joined
Skyline in 1952. Its operations then were in a small garage. Under his
leadership, Skyline grew into a leading national producer of manufactured
housing and towable recreational vehicles. It now has 24 operating companies in
12 states from coast to coast and has earned a profit every year since its
inception. He has received presidential appointments to three national
commissions and has served on the boards of more than 40 civic, religious,
educational, business, and financial organizations, including the Federal
Reserve Bank of Chicago and Special Olympics International, Washington, DC.
He is a trustee and fellow of the
University of Notre Dame, past chairman and trustee emeritus of Holy Cross
College, South Bend, Indiana; trustee of Hillsdale College; serves on the Board
of Governors of Independent Colleges of Indiana.
Indianapolis, Indiana; is a board member of the Finance
Council of the Catholic Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend, Indiana; a director
of the Ara Parseghian Medical Research Foundation; a life member and past
chairman of the National Advisory Board of the Salvation Army, Alexandria.
Virginia; president of the Elkhart
  General Hospital
Foundation; a director of NiSource, Inc., Merrillville,
Indiana and Schwarz, Morton Grove, Illinois.
Mr. Decio's service has been
recognized through more than 40 awards including the Distinguished Auxiliary
Service Cross, the Salvation Army's highest lay honor; and the Alexis
de'Tocqueville Award from the United
  Way of America,
Alexandria, Virginia.
He has received honorary degrees from Notre Dame, Hillsdale College, Indiana
State University, Purdue University, St. Mary's College, Notre Dame, Indiana; Vincennes
University and Salem
College, Salem, West Virginia.

Through all of his corporate and community work, Decio
still devotes himself to creating a strong, bonding family. He and his wife
Patricia count among their treasures five children and thirteen grand children. The 2000 Distinguished American Award recipient













































































Corporate Partners































 






 


 






 






 








 
























Contact Us
//
Membership
//
Feedback
//
Mailing List

© The National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame, inc - All Rights Reserved
 // Privacy Statement // Terms of Use // Login


Powered by XOSDigital



 















Arthur J. Decio: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 21, 2017 2:16 PM ET

Company Overview of Homette Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Arthur J. Decio  Chairman Of The Board, Homette CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships87--
Background

		Mr. Arthur J. Decio served as Consultant of Skyline Corp. from September 2001 to September 2007. Mr. Decio served as Executive Officer of Skyline Corp. until September 24, 2001 and as its Chief Executive Officer until December 16, 1998. He serves as Chairman of The Board of Homette Corporation. He served as the Chairman for Skyline Corp. and has been its Director since 1959. He served as a Director of NiSource Inc. from 1991 to May 10, 2005. He served as a Director of ... Northern Indiana Public Service Company, Inc. since 1991. He serves as a Trustee of Hillsdale College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
----, -- --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeHillsdale College1959-PresentDirectorSkyline Corporation
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Skyline CorporationNiSource Inc.Northern Indiana Public Service Company, Inc.Hillsdale College


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Homette Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Arthur J Decio - Elkhart, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Arthur J Decio in Elkhart, IN


Arthur J Decio

                                                                           Intelius found that Arthur J Decio  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Elkhart, IN.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Arthur J Decio is in his 80s

Arthur Has Lived In

Elkhart, IN
Granger, IN
Chicago, IL

Arthur's Relatives

Nicole Decio
Patricia Decio
Benjamin Decio
Giuliana Decio







Arthur J Decio



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Skyline High School



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Arthur? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Arthur, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Arthur J Decio
Get a Criminal Check on Arthur J Decio
Get a Public Record Report on Arthur J Decio
Get a People Search Report on Arthur J Decio


Arthur J Decio's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Arthur J Decio has lived as well as Arthur J Decio's phone numbers and email addresses.




Arthur J Decio Has Lived in 4 States
Indiana Address for Arthur J Decio


 P* B** 7** 

Elkhart, IN


Has Lived In

Elkhart, IN
Granger, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Arthur J Decio

(773) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(877) ***-**** - Merrillville, IN 
(574) ***-**** - Elkhart, IN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Arthur J Decio

g*******e@***.com
a*********o@***.net
g*******e@***.com


Get Email Report




Arthur J Decio's Professional Information
Information regarding Arthur J Decio's professional history.  Find out previous places Arthur J Decio has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Arthur J Decio Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Skyline High School
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Skyline High School
               Title: Chairman
Arthur J Decio's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Skyline High School
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: Chairman
               Company: Skyline High School
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Arthur J Decio

 See Arthur J Decio's LinkedIn Profile



Arthur J Decio's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Arthur J Decio


Arthur J Decio's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Arthur J Decio's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Arthur Decio
Username Matches

                  ArthurDecio
                  DecioArthur
                  Arthur.Decio
                  Decio.Arthur
                  Arthur_Decio
                  Decio_Arthur
                  Arthur-Decio
                  Decio-Arthur
                  ADecio
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Decio







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	Arthur J. 
				Decio - Leadership - Harvard Business School
















































	


















Harvard Business School


















HBS Home


About
Academic Programs
Alumni
Faculty & Research



Baker Library
Campaign
Harvard Business Review
Initiatives
News
Recruit



Map / Directions









leadership


                AASU50

                20th Century Leaders





                Faculty & Research




                Executive Education




                MBA Experience




                Leadership Initiative












…→Harvard Business School→Leadership→
20th Century Leaders
20th Century LeadersCharts & Statistics20th Century Zeitgeist→Details
PageHeaderGreat American Business Leaders of the 20th Century
 


Request the Data







 
 




PageContent1










						Arthur J. Decio
					

Skyline Corporation1959–1998
Skyline Corporation1959–1998

Industry: Construction & Real Estate
Era: 1950


Decio transformed his family’s company from a small coach firm in a garage in Indiana into one of the three largest builders of manufactured homes in the United States.  Under his leadership, Skyline grew to 25 companies with 3,500 employees in 12 states.  In the process, he produced stellar financial returns and capitalized on a growing market segment – new retirees.





Personal


Born-Died: 1930
Birthplace: Indiana
Race: White
Gender: Male
Father: Head, Same Company



View All Entries






View All Entries









 




 







ǁ 
















                    
    Leadership Initiative
    Harvard Business School
    Soldiers Field
    Boston, MA 02163
    Phone: 1.617.495.6242
    Email: li+hbs.edu



→
Map & Directions



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



→
More Contact Information



 
 
 






HBS Facebook





Alumni Facebook





Executive Education Facebook





Michael Porter Facebook





Working Knowledge Facebook





HBS Twitter





Executive Education Twitter





HBS Alumni Twitter





Michael Porter Twitter





Recruiting Twitter





Rock Center Twitter





Working Knowledge Twitter





Jobs Twitter





HBS Youtube





Michael Porter Youtube





Executive Education Youtube





HBS Linkedin





Alumni Linkedin





Executive Education Linkedin





MBA Linkedin





Linkedin





HBS Google Plus





Executive Education Google Plus





HBS Instagram





Alumni Instagram





Executive Education Instagram





Michael Porter Instagram





HBS iTunes





Executive Education iTunes





HBS Tumblr





Executive Education Weibo





HBS Snapchat





Executive Education Wechat



→All Social Media


→
All Social Media










Site Map
Jobs
Harvard University
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College





















 








 Marcia Freeman, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Arthur J. Decio, v. Dale Swikert, Samuel P. Mandell, Ira J.kaufman, and Skyline Corporation, Defendants-appellees, 584 F.2d 186 (7th Cir. 1978) :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit opinions.







Subscribe








Marcia Freeman, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Arthur J. Decio, v. Dale Swikert, Samuel P. Mandell, Ira J.kaufman, and Skyline Corporation, Defendants-appellees, 584 F.2d 186 (7th Cir. 1978)

Annotate this Case







					U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
											- 584 F.2d 186 (7th Cir. 1978)
									
Argued May 22, 1978. Decided Sept. 20, 1978 David W. Cohen, New York City, for plaintiff-appellant. Michael H. Rauch, New York City, for defendants-appellees. Before PELL and WOOD, Circuit Judges, and HARPER, Senior District Judge.*  HARLINGTON WOOD, JR., Circuit Judge. The principal question presented by this case is whether under Indiana law the plaintiff may sustain a derivative action against certain officers and directors of the Skyline Corporation for allegedly trading in the stock of the corporation on the basis of material inside information. The district court granted summary judgment for the defendants on the ground that in light of the defendants' affidavits and documentary evidence, the plaintiff had failed to create a genuine dispute as to whether the defendants' sales of stock were based on material inside information. Alternatively, the court held that the plaintiff had failed to state a cause of action in that Indiana law has never recognized a right in a corporation to recover profits from insider trading and is not likely to follow the lead of the New York Court of Appeals in Diamond v. Oreamuno, 24 N.Y.2d 494, 301 N.Y.S.2d 78, 248 N.E.2d 910 (1969), in creating such a cause of action. We affirm. The second issue presented here is whether an insider "purchased" restricted stock within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 at the time that he made the commitment to acquire the stock and paid for it or at the time that the restrictions lapsed. We agree with the district court's conclusion that the former date was the one to consider. Plaintiff-appellant Marcia Freeman is a stockholder of the Skyline Corporation, a major producer of mobile homes and recreational vehicles. Skyline is a publicly owned corporation whose stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Defendant Arthur J. Decio is the largest shareholder of Skyline, the chairman of its board of directors, and until September 25, 1972, was also the president of the company. Defendant Dale Swikert is a director of Skyline and prior to assuming the presidency from Decio in 1972 was Skyline's executive vice president and chief operating officer. Defendants Samuel P. Mandell and Ira J. Kaufman are outside directors of Skyline. Throughout the 1960's and into 1972 Skyline experienced continual growth in sales and earnings. At the end of fiscal 1971 the company was able to report to its shareholders that over the previous five years sales had increased at a 40% Average compound rate and that net income had grown at a 64% Rate. This enormous success was reflected in increases in the price of Skyline stock. By April of 1972 Skyline common had reached a high of $72.00 per share, representing a price/earnings ratio of greater than 50 times earnings. Then, on December 22, 1972, Skyline reported that earnings for the quarter ending November 30, 1972, declined from $4,569,007 to $3,713,545 compared to the comparable period of the preceding year, rather than increasing substantially as they had done in the past. The NYSE immediately suspended trading in the stock. Trading was resumed on December 26 at $34.00 per share, down $13.50 from the preannouncement price. This represented a drop in value of almost 30%. Plaintiff alleges that the defendants sold Skyline stock on the basis of material inside information during two distinct periods. Firstly, it is alleged that the financial results reported by Skyline for the quarters ending May 31 and August 31, 1972, significantly understated material costs and overstated earnings. It is further alleged that Decio, Kaufman and Mandell made various sales of Skyline stock totalling nearly $10 million during the quarters in question, knowing that earnings were overstated. Secondly, plaintiff asserts that during the quarter ending November 30 and up to December 22, 1972, Decio and Mandell made gifts and sales of Skyline stock totalling nearly $4 million while knowing that reported earnings for the November 30 quarter would decline. The complaint also alleged that certain of Mandell's and Kaufman's transactions in Skyline stock violated Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. § 78p(b).1  After three years of extensive discovery both sides moved for summary judgment. The district court granted the defendants' Fed. R. Civ. P. 56 motions on the insider trading counts on the ground that Indiana law does not provide for a derivative cause of action on behalf of a corporation to recover profits from insider trading. Alternatively, the court found that, in view of the defendants' affidavits and depositions, the plaintiff had not succeeded in creating a genuine dispute as to whether the defendants' stock sales were made on the basis of material inside information. Plaintiff's amended complaint also accused Mandell and Swikert of violating Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act by making both purchases and sales of Skyline stock within a six-month period. In Swikert's case the shares allegedly purchased consisted of restricted stock acquired under Skyline's Management Incentive Plan. On summary judgment, the district court rejected plaintiff's arguments that these shares were "purchased" by Swikert within the meaning of Section 16(b) at the time the restrictions lapsed, in favor of the view that they were purchased at the time that Swikert committed himself to acquire them and made payment for them. The 16(b) claim against Swikert was accordingly dismissed since the earlier date was more than six months before any of Swikert's sales. The 16(b) claim against Mandell was not ruled on by the district court in the judgment that has been appealed to this court, so we need not consider the issues there presented.2  The plaintiff now contends that the district court erred in granting the defendants' motions for summary judgment and in denying her own. We have jurisdiction of the appeal pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1291. Diamond v. Oreamuno and Indiana Law Both parties agree that there is no Indiana precedent directly dealing with the question of whether a corporation may recover the profits of corporate officials who trade in the corporation's securities on the basis of inside information. However, the plaintiff suggests that were the question to be presented to the Indiana courts, they would adopt the holding of the New York Court of Appeals in Diamond v. Oreamuno, 24 N.Y.2d 494, 301 N.Y.S.2d 78, 248 N.E.2d 910 (1969).3  There, building on the Delaware case of Brophy v. Cities Service Co., 31 Del.Ch. 241, 70 A.2d 5 (1949),4  the court held that the officers and directors of a corporation breached their fiduciary duties owed to the corporation by trading in its stock on the basis of material non-public information acquired by virtue of their official positions and that they should account to the corporation for their profits from those transactions. Since Diamond was decided, few courts have had an opportunity to consider the problem there presented. In fact, only one case has been brought to our attention which raised the question of whether Diamond would be followed in another jurisdiction. In Schein v. Chasen, 478 F.2d 817 (2d Cir. 1973),5  Vacated and remanded sub nom., Lehman Bros. v. Schein, 416 U.S. 386, 94 S. Ct. 1741, 40 L. Ed. 2d 215 (1974), On certification to the Fla.Sup.Ct., 313 So. 2d 739 (Fla.1975), the Second Circuit, sitting in diversity, considered whether the Florida courts would permit a Diamond -type action to be brought on behalf of a corporation. The majority not only tacitly concluded that Florida would adopt Diamond, but that the Diamond cause of action should be extended so as to permit recovery of the profits of non-insiders who traded in the corporation's stock on the basis of inside information received as tips from insiders.6  Judge Kaufman, dissenting, agreed with the policies underlying a Diamond -type cause of action, but disagreed with the extension of liability to outsiders. He also failed to understand why the panel was not willing to utilize Florida's certified question statute so as to bring the question of law before the Florida Supreme Court. Granting Certiorari, the United States Supreme Court agreed with the dissent on this last point and on remand the case was certified to the Florida Supreme Court. That court not only stated that it would not "give the unprecedented expansive reading to Diamond sought by appellants" but that, furthermore, it did not "choose to adopt the innovative ruling of the New York Court of Appeals in Diamond (itself)."7  313 So. 2d 739, 746 (Fla.1975). Thus, the question here is whether the Indiana courts are more likely to follow the New York Court of Appeals or to join the Florida Supreme Court in refusing to undertake such a change from existing law.8  It appears that from a policy point of view it is widely accepted that insider trading should be deterred because it is unfair to other investors who do not enjoy the benefits of access to inside information. The goal is not one of equality of possession of information since some traders will always be better "informed" than others by dint of greater expenditures of time and resources, greater experience, or greater analytical abilities but rather equality of access to information.9  Thus, in Cady, Roberts & Co., 40 S.E.C. 907, 912 (1961), the SEC gave the following explanation of its view of the obligation of corporate insiders to disclose material inside information when trading in the corporation's stock:10  Analytically, the obligation rests on two principal elements: first, the existence of a relationship giving access, directly or indirectly, to information intended to be available only for a corporate purpose and not for the personal benefit of anyone, and second, the inherent unfairness involved where a party takes advantage of such information knowing it is unavailable to those with whom he is dealing. Yet, a growing body of commentary suggests that pursuit of this goal of "market egalitarianism"11  may be costly. In addition to the costs associated with enforcement of the laws prohibiting insider trading, there may be a loss in the efficiency of the securities markets in their capital allocation function.12  The basic insight of economic analysis here is that securities prices act as signals helping to route capital to its most productive uses and that insider trading helps assure that those prices will reflect the best information available (i.e., inside information) as to where the best opportunities lie.13  However, even when confronted with the possibility of a trade-off between fairness and economic efficiency, most authorities appear to find that the balance tips in favor of discouraging insider trading.14  Over 40 years ago Congress was stirred by examples of flagrant abuse of inside information unearthed during the hearings preceding the 1933 and 1934 Securities Acts to include in the latter a section aimed at insider trading.15  Section 16(b) provides for the automatic recovery by corporations of profits made by insiders in short-swing transactions within a six-month period. This automatic accountability makes the rule one of relatively easy application and avoids very difficult problems concerning the measurement of damages, yet upon occasion leads to harsh results.16  The section has been characterized as a "crude rule of thumb."17  It is too narrow in that only short-swing trading and short selling are covered, leaving untouched other ways of profiting from inside information in the securities market. It is too broad in that short-swing trades not actually made on the basis of inside information are also caught in the Section's web of liability.18  The SEC has also used its full panoply of powers to police insider trading through enforcement actions and civil actions. The agency has relied, Inter alia, on Section 17(a) of the 1933 Act, Section 15(c) (1) of the 1934 Act, and Rule 10b-5.19  The relief obtained has included not only injunctions and suspension orders, but also disgorgement of profits earned in insider trading. Lastly, the "victims"20  of insider trading may recover damages from the insiders in many instances. Absent fraud, the traditional common law approach has been to permit officers and directors of corporations to trade in their corporation's securities free from liability to other traders for failing to disclose inside information.21  However, there has been a movement towards the imposition of a common law duty to disclose in a number of jurisdictions, at least where the insider is dealing with an existing stockholder. A few jurisdictions now require disclosure where certain "special facts" exist,22  and some even impose a strict fiduciary duty on the insider Vis-a-vis the selling shareholder.23  But the most important remedies available to those injured by insider trading are found in the federal securities laws and in particular Rule 10b-5. Judicial development of a private right of action under that rule has led to significant relaxation of many of the elements of common law fraud, including privity, reliance, and the distinction between misrepresentation and non-disclosure.24  The rule has proven a favorite vehicle for damage suits against insiders for failing to disclose material information while trading in their corporation's stock. Section 17(a) of the 1933 Act may also provide a means of recovering damages from insiders in some cases. Lastly, persons injured by insider trading may be able to take advantage of the liability sections of state securities laws. A number of states, including Indiana, have enacted laws containing antifraud provisions modeled on Rule 10b-5. See Burns Ind.Stat.Ann. § 23-2-1-12. Yet, the New York Court of Appeals in Diamond found the existing remedies for controlling insider trading to be inadequate. Although the court felt that the device of a class action under the federal securities laws held out hope of a more effective remedy in the future, it concluded that "the desirability of creating an effective common-law remedy is manifest." 301 N.Y.S.2d  at 85, 248 N.E.2d  at 915. It went on to do so by engineering an innovative extension of the law governing the relation between a corporation and its officers and directors. The court held that corporate officials who deal in their corporation's securities on the basis of non-public information gained by virtue of their inside position commit a breach of their fiduciary duties to the corporation. This holding represents a departure from the traditional common law approach, which was that a corporate insider did not ordinarily violate his fiduciary duty to the corporation by dealing in the corporation's stock, unless the corporation was thereby harmed.25  The Diamond court relied heavily on the Delaware case of Brophy v. Cities Service Co., 31 Del.Ch. 241, 70 A.2d 5 (1949), the most significant departure from the traditional common law approach prior to Diamond itself. There, the confidential secretary to a director of a corporation purchased a number of shares of the company's stock after finding out that the corporation was about to enter the market to make purchases of its stock itself, and then sold at a profit after the corporation began its purchases. The Delaware Court of Chancery upheld the complaint in a derivative action on behalf of the corporation to recover those profits. The court stated that the employee occupied a position of trust and confidence toward his employer and that public policy would not permit him to abuse that relation for his own profit, regardless of whether or not the employer suffered a loss. 70 A.2d  at 8. The Diamond court also relied on Section 388 of the Restatement (Second) of Agency. Although the section itself somewhat ambiguously speaks of profits made by an agent in connection with "transactions conducted by him on behalf of the principal," Comment c sets down a broad rule: An agent who acquires confidential information in the course of his employment . . . has a duty to account for any profits made by the use of such information, although this does not harm the principal. Thus, where a corporation has decided to operate an enterprise at a place where land values will be increased because of such operation, a corporate officer who takes advantage of his special knowledge to buy land in the vicinity is accountable for the profits he makes, even though such purchases have no adverse effect upon the enterprise. So, if he has "inside" information that the corporation is about to purchase or sell securities, or to declare or to pass a dividend, profits made by him in stock transactions undertaken because of his knowledge are held in constructive trust for the principal. Accordingly, the Diamond court at least impliedly assimilated inside information to a corporate asset with respect to which corporate officers and directors owe the corporation a duty of loyalty. There are a number of difficulties with the Diamond court's ruling. Perhaps the thorniest problem was posed by the defendants' objection that whatever the ethical status of insider trading, there is no injury to the corporation which can serve as a basis for recognizing a right of recovery in favor of the latter. The Court of Appeals' response to this argument was two-fold, suggesting first that no harm to the corporation need be shown and second that it might well be inferred that the insiders' activities did in fact cause some harm to the corporation. With respect to the first point the court stated: It is true that the complaint before us does not contain any allegation of damages to the corporation, but this has never been considered to be an essential requirement for a cause of action founded on a breach of fiduciary duty. (See, e. g., Matter of People (Bond & Mrge. Guar. Co.), 303 N.Y. 423, 431, 103 N.E.2d 721, 725; Wendt v. Fisher, 243 N.Y. 439, 443, 154 N.E. 303, 304; Dutton v. Willner, 52 N.Y. 312, 319.) This is because the function of such an action, unlike an ordinary tort or contract case, is not merely to compensate the plaintiff for wrongs committed by the defendant but, as this court declared many years ago (Dutton v. Willner, 52 N.Y. 312, 319, Supra), "to Prevent them, by removing from agents and trustees all inducement to attempt dealing for their own benefit in matters which they have undertaken for others, or to which their agency or trust relates." (Emphasis supplied.) Just as a trustee has no right to retain for himself the profits yielded by property placed in his possession but must account to his beneficiaries, a corporate fiduciary, who is entrusted with potentially valuable information, may not appropriate that asset for his own use even though, in so doing, he causes no injury to the corporation. The primary concern, in a case such as this, is not to determine whether the corporation has been damaged but to decide, as between the corporation and the defendants, who has a higher claim to the proceeds derived from the exploitation of the information. 301 N.Y.S.2d  at 81, 248 N.E.2d  at 912. Some might see the Diamond court's decision as resting on a broad, strict-trust notion of the fiduciary duty owed to the corporation: no director is to receive any profit, beyond what he receives from the corporation, solely because of his position.26  Although, once accepted, this basis for the Diamond rule would obviate the need for finding a potential for injury to the corporation, it is not at all clear that current corporation law contemplates such an extensive notion of fiduciary duty.27  It is customary to view the Diamond result as resting on a characterization of inside information as a corporate asset. The lack of necessity for looking for an injury to the corporation is then justified by the traditional "no inquiry" rule with respect to profits made by trustees from assets belonging to the trust Res.28  However, to start from the premise that all inside information should be considered a corporate asset may presuppose an answer to the inquiry at hand. It might be better to ask whether there is any potential loss to the corporation from the use of such information in insider trading before deciding to characterize the inside information as an asset with respect to which the insider owes the corporation a duty of loyalty (as opposed to a duty of care). This approach would be in keeping with the modern view of another area of application of the duty of loyalty the corporate opportunity doctrine. Thus, while courts will require a director or officer to automatically account to the corporation for diversion of a corporate opportunity to personal use, they will first inquire to see whether there was a possibility of a loss to the corporation i. e., whether the corporation was in a position to potentially avail itself of the opportunity before deciding that a corporate opportunity in fact existed.29  Similarly, when scrutinizing transactions between a director or officer and the corporation under the light of the duty of loyalty, most courts now inquire as to whether there was any injury to the corporation, i. e., whether the transaction was fair and in good faith, before permitting the latter to avoid the transaction.30  An analogous question might be posed with respect to the Diamond court's unjust enrichment analysis: is it proper to conclude that an insider has been unjustly enriched Vis-a-vis the corporation (as compared to other traders in the market) when there is no way that the corporation could have used the information to its own profit, just because the insider's trading was made possible by virtue of his corporate position? Not all information generated in the course of carrying on a business fits snugly into the corporate asset mold. Information in the form of trade secrets, customer lists, etc., can easily be categorized as a valuable or potentially valuable corporate "possession," in that it can be directly used by the corporation to its own economic advantage.31  However, most information involved in insider trading is not of this ilk, e. g., knowledge of an impending merger, a decline in earnings, etc. If the corporation were to attempt to exploit such non-public information by dealing in its own securities, it would open itself up to potential liability under federal and state securities laws, just as do the insiders when they engage in insider trading. This is not to say that the corporation does not have any interests with regard to such information. It may have an interest in either preventing the information from becoming public32  or in regulating the timing of disclosure.33  However, insider trading does not entail the disclosure of inside information, but rather its use in a manner in which the corporation itself is prohibited from exploiting it. Yet, the Diamond court concluded that it might well be inferred that insider trading causes some harm to the corporation: Although the corporation may have little concern with the day-to-day transactions in its shares, it has a great interest in maintaining a reputation of integrity, an image of probity, for its management and in insuring the continued public acceptance and marketability of its stock. When officers and directors abuse their position in order to gain personal profits, the effect may be to cast a cloud on the corporation's name, injure stockholder relations and undermine public regard for the corporation's securities. As Presiding Justice Botein aptly put it, in the course of his opinion for the Appellate Division, "(t)he prestige and good will of a corporation, so vital to its prosperity, may be undermined by the revelation that its chief officers had been making personal profits out of corporate events which they had not disclosed to the community of stockholders." 301 N.Y.S.2d  at 81, 82, 248 N.E.2d  at 912-13. It must be conceded that the unfairness that is the basis of the widespread disapproval of insider trading is borne primarily by participants in the securities markets, rather than by the corporation itself. By comparison, the harm to corporate goodwill posited by the Diamond court pales in significance. At this point, the existence of such an indirect injury must be considered speculative, as there is no actual evidence of such a reaction. Furthermore, it is less than clear to us that the nature of this harm would form an adequate basis for an action for an accounting based on a breach of the insiders' duty of loyalty, as opposed to an action for damages based on a breach of the duty of care. The injury hypothesized by the Diamond court seems little different from the harm to the corporation that might be inferred whenever a responsible corporate official commits an illegal or unethical act using a corporate asset. Absent is the element of loss of opportunity or potential susceptibility to outside influence that generally is present when a corporate fiduciary is required to account to the corporation. The Brophy case is capable of being distinguished on this basis. Although the court there did not openly rely on the existence of a potential harm to the corporation, such a harm was possible. Since the corporation was about to begin buying its own shares in the market, by purchasing stock for his own account the insider placed himself in direct competition with the corporation. To the degree that his purchases might have caused the stock price to rise, the corporation was directly injured in that it had to pay more for its purchases. The other cases cited by the Diamond court also tended to involve an agent's competition with his principal, harm to it, disregard for its instructions, or the like.34  The same is true of the situations covered in Comment c of the Restatement (Second) of Agency, with the exception of the case where the corporate agent undertakes stock transactions on the basis of knowledge that the corporation is about to declare or pass a dividend. A second problem presented by the recognition of a cause of action in favor of the corporation is that of potential double liability. The Diamond court thought that this problem would seldom arise, since it thought it unlikely that a damage suit would be brought by investors where the insiders traded on impersonal exchanges. The court further reasoned that: It is not unusual for an action to be brought to recover a fund which may be subject to a superior claim by a third party. If that be the situation, a defendant should not be permitted to retain the fund for his own use on the chance that such a party may eventually appear. A defendant's course, if he wishes to protect himself against double liability, is to interplead any and all possible claimants and bind them to the judgment (CPLR 1006, subd. (b)). 301 N.Y.S.2d  at 86, 248 N.E.2d  at 915. The Second Circuit also gave consideration to the possibility of double liability in Schein v. Chasen, 478 F.2d  at 824-25, but concluded that double liability could be avoided by methods such as that employed in SEC v. Texas Gulf Sulphur Co., 312 F. Supp. 77, 93 (S.D.N.Y. 1970), where the defendants' disgorged profits were placed in a fund subject first to the claims of injured investors, with the residue payable to the corporation. The efficacy of the Diamond court's suggestion of resort to an interpleader action is open to question.35  The creation of a fund subject to the superior claims of injured investors also poses some difficulties.36  Although some observers have suggested that double liability be imposed so as to more effectively deter insider trading and that it is analytically justifiable since the two causes of action involved are based on separate legal wrongs,37  the Diamond and Schein courts' concern for avoiding double liability may implicitly reflect the view that a right of recovery in favor of the corporation was being created because of the perceived likelihood that the investors who are the true victims of insider trading would not be able to bring suit. When the latter in fact bring an action seeking damages from the insiders, thereby creating the possibility of double liability, the need for a surrogate plaintiff disappears and the corporation's claim is implicitly relegated to the back seat. Since the Diamond court's action was motivated in large part by its perception of the inadequacy of existing remedies for insider trading, it is noteworthy that over the decade since Diamond was decided, the 10b-5 class action has made substantial advances toward becoming the kind of effective remedy for insider trading that the court of appeals hoped that it might become. Most importantly, recovery of damages from insiders has been allowed by, or on the behalf of, market investors even when the insiders dealt only through impersonal stock exchanges,38  although this is not yet a well-settled area of the law. In spite of other recent developments indicating that such class actions will not become as easy to maintain as some plaintiffs had perhaps hoped,39  it is clear that the remedies for insider trading under the federal securities laws now constitute a more effective deterrent than they did when Diamond was decided. Plaintiff cites a number of Indiana cases in support of her argument that the Indiana courts would follow Diamond if the question were presented to them. However, these cases merely establish that Indiana imposes certain fiduciary duties on officers and directors and protects corporate opportunities, as do other states. They do not answer the question at issue here of whether the New York Court of Appeals' innovative ruling in Diamond will be followed by Indiana.40  Defendants, on the other hand, argue that the early Indiana Supreme Court case of Board of Commissioners of Tippecanoe Co. v. Reynolds, 44 Ind. 509 (1873), in which it was held that a director is not subject to any duty to disclose inside information to a shareholder from whom he is buying stock, is inconsistent with the adoption of a Diamond -type cause of action. The two cases are distinguishable in that one deals with fiduciary duties owed by an insider to a selling stockholder while the other deals with the duty owed to the corporation itself. Yet, it seems somewhat unlikely that a common law jurisdiction not directly protecting a selling shareholder from insider trading would go on to create a cause of action in favor of the corporation. Indiana has since enacted securities laws containing anti-fraud provisions. It should also be noted that Board of Commissioners has not been the subject of reaffirmation during the past century and that there have been suggestions from the Indiana bar that it be overruled.41  We would thus be hesitant to base our decision solely on this case. However, having carefully examined the decision of the New York Court of Appeals in Diamond, we are of the opinion that although the court sought to ground its ruling in accepted principles of corporate common law, that decision can best be understood as an example of judicial securities regulation.42  Although the question is a close one, we believe that were the issue to be presented to the Indiana courts at the present time, they would most likely join the Florida Supreme Court in refusing to adopt the New York court's innovative ruling. The Lack of a Factual Basis for Plaintiff's Claims In addition to concluding that Indiana would not recognize a Diamond -type cause of action, the district court found that there was no genuine dispute as to whether the defendants' sales of Skyline stock were based on material inside information. In determining whether summary judgment was appropriate the trial judge was presented with a large number of affidavits, documents and extracts of depositions emerging out of three years of extensive discovery. If the defendants' affidavits and exhibits effectively controverted the allegations of the plaintiff's complaint, under Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(e) the plaintiff may no longer rely on those allegations alone in demonstrating that there is a genuine issue of material fact. Instead, the plaintiff must point to portions of affidavits, depositions, etc., constituting " significant probative evidence tending to support the complaint." First National Bank of Arizona v. Cities Service Co., 391 U.S. 253, 290, 88 S. Ct. 1575, 1593, 20 L. Ed. 2d 569 (1967). We agree with the trial court that the plaintiff here has failed to do so. Before turning to a closer examination of the facts involved in the two instances of trading on the basis of inside information alleged by plaintiff, we will deal with her assertion that the district court erred in considering evidence of the defendants' past patterns of sales of Skyline stock and their motivations for making the sales in question. Plaintiff argues that these matters are irrelevant in that they do not constitute a defense to a showing that the defendants sold stock without disclosing material inside information in their possession. It may well be true that liability would not be legally precluded,43  but the evidence may still be relevant to the question of whether the insiders were trading on the basis of inside information in the first place. That is the case here.44  We turn next to plaintiff's allegations of insider trading during the quarters ending May 31 and August 31, 1972. Plaintiff alleges that the financial results for these two quarters significantly understated Skyline's material costs for those quarters and therefore overstated earnings. It is further alleged that Decio, Swikert, Kaufman and Mandell made sales and gifts of Skyline stock totalling nearly $10 million at various times during those two quarters, knowing that these results were misstated.45  The defendants introduced the affidavit of Skyline's chief financial officer stating that the reported financial results for these two quarters were properly prepared and accurate. The district court apparently granted the defendants' motion for summary judgment with respect to this claim on the ground that the plaintiff was unable to point to any significant probative evidence outside of her pleadings controverting the defendants' evidence. We agree. Plaintiff has not come forward with any specific evidence in support of her theory that the cost of sales for the two quarters were understated, such as indications of inaccuracies in the supporting documents, unrecorded invoices, or a failure to follow generally accepted accounting principles in preparing the financial statements. Her major argument is that the ratio of total reported material costs to total sales revenue (the material cost percentage) declined during those two quarters as compared to the previous quarter. Since Skyline's raw material prices were allegedly increasing during this period, which would lead to a rising rather than falling material cost percentage all other things being equal, plaintiff concludes that the reported material costs must be understated. Defendants, however, have demonstrated that plaintiff's Ceteris paribus assumption is not justified, leaving the inference to be drawn too weak to effectively controvert the other evidence attesting to the accuracy of the reported statements.46  Plaintiff's only other argument in support of her assertion that the reported material costs for these two periods were misstated is that they are less than hypothetical "correct" costs calculated by plaintiff using a simple profit-volume formula based on costs from the previous quarter. This argument is really a variant of plaintiff's argument concerning Skyline's material cost percentages.47  Whatever the utility of a simple profit-volume analysis as a cost accounting tool in a relatively stable, single-product firm or when great accuracy is not required, in the circumstances of this case the margin of possible error is too great for the application of the technique to be sufficiently probative to controvert the defendants' affidavits and other evidence.48  Moreover, even if we were to find that plaintiff has managed to create a genuine dispute as to whether the May and August financial statements were misstated, she has presented no evidence to counter the defendants' sworn averments that they did not believe them to be inaccurate. There remain the plaintiff's allegations that between September 7 and December 21, 1972, Decio and Mandell sold Skyline stock worth approximately $4 million, knowing that reported earnings for the quarter ending November 30 would decline. There are no allegations that the decline in earnings was known by the defendants as an "accounting fact," as was the case in Diamond v. Oreamuno, supra. In other words, there is no suggestion that the defendants had received accounting reports representing the actual results for the November quarter, showing a decline, and that they then sold Skyline stock before the earnings figures were released to the public. The plaintiff's argument here is more circuitous. To paraphrase: the evidence shows that the decline in reported earnings for the November quarter was due in large part to increases in material costs, particularly lumber, which the corporation was not able to offset through higher prices for its end products because of price controls; there is evidence that the defendants were aware of the price increases in lumber and related products, and that economic controls had caused Skyline to lose pricing "flexibility;" therefore, the defendants must have known that reported earnings for the quarter would decline. The district court rejected the plaintiff's contentions on the grounds that there was no evidence that the defendants actually made any such pessimistic predictions, that the existence of rising lumber prices and price controls were publicly known, and that economic predictions of the type in question do not constitute material inside information. Plaintiff has shown that certain of the defendants were aware of the fact that lumber prices had increased and also knew of the existence of price controls. However, we agree with the court below that these "facts" cannot be considered "inside" corporate information in light of their wide public availability,49  even though the defendants might have been in a better position to evaluate the potential impact of these developments on Skyline earnings. Plaintiff has also presented evidence suggesting that certain of the defendants knew that the combination of rising material costs and price controls had caused Skyline to lose "flexibility" and that gross profit margins were likely to come under pressure. An analogous inference could have been easily drawn from the publicly available information concerning lumber prices and price controls. However, the defendants take the position that in spite of these developments, they expected profits for the November quarter to exceed those of the comparable quarter of the previous year because of anticipated increases in sales. The actual increase in sales then fell short of the predictions. In support of their contentions the defendants point to their sworn affidavits and testimony, and other evidence. Their anticipation of record profits was also consistent with contemporaneous internal documents predicting record sales and earnings. We agree with the district court that in the face of this documentation plaintiff has been unable to produce any significant probative evidence controverting the defendants' assertions in spite of three years of discovery.50  Even if we were to agree with the plaintiff's contention that there is a sufficient dispute concerning the defendants' expectations with regard to Skyline's future earnings so as to warrant a bench trial, we would join in the trial court's conclusion that the "predictions" in question do not constitute material inside information in the circumstances of this case. In nondisclosure cases under Rule 10b-5 it has been suggested that "nondisclosure of predictions will not normally break the Rule." A. Bromberg, Securities Law: Fraud § 8.2 at 197-98 (1977). We believe that a similar conclusion is appropriate in a Diamond -type cause of action. Although it has been stated that statements in a tender offer relating to a prospective event may be material, Sonesta International Hotels Corp. v. Wellington Associates, 483 F.2d 247, 251 (2d Cir. 1973), the Second Circuit has also suggested that there are limits on the kinds of information which may form the basis of liability in nondisclosure cases: Nor is an insider obligated to confer upon outside investors the benefit of his superior financial or other expert analysis by disclosing his Educated guesses or predictions. 3 Loss, (Securities Regulation) Supra at 1463. The only regulatory objective is that access to material information be enjoyed equally, but this objective requires nothing more than the disclosure of basic facts so that outsiders may draw upon their own evaluative expertise in reaching their own investment decisions with knowledge equal to that of the insiders. (Emphasis added.) SEC v. Texas Gulf Sulphur Co., 401 F.2d 833, 848 (2d Cir. 1968). Here, the existence of rising lumber prices and price controls constituted information already available to the public. This information readily led to an inference that gross profit margins might decline. The fact that the defendants may have been in a position to better judge the impact of these factors on Skyline's earnings because of their greater familiarity with the corporation's affairs does not mean that they should be held liable for failing to educate the public. The disclosure of earnings predictions has traditionally been disfavored by the SEC on the grounds that the reliance placed in them may not be justified by their reliability.51  Nor is this a case in which the earnings prediction was of a high probability and was accompanied by "hard" information on interim earnings, sales, or changing cost structures itself material and not available to the public. See A. Bromberg, Supra, § 7.4(2) at 168.2; Shapiro v. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., 495 F.2d 228 (2d Cir. 1974). The Section 16(b) Claim Against Swikert In 1968, Swikert was granted the right to acquire 18,000 shares of Skyline stock under the corporation's Management Incentive Plan. At that point in time he became committed to acquire the stock and paid for it. However, the stock was subject to restrictions on resale for five years, at the end of which period Swikert sold part of the shares. Plaintiff argues that Swikert "purchased" the stock within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act at the time that the restrictions lapsed. However, it is well settled that an insider acquires stock for the purposes of 16(b) when he has "incurred an irrevocable liability to take and pay for the stock" and his "rights and obligations become fixed." Blau v. Ogsbury, 210 F.2d 426, 427 (2d Cir. 1954); Silverman v. Landa, 306 F.2d 422, 424 (2d Cir. 1962). We agree with the district court's conclusion that this took place in the case at bar in 1968 when the stock was contracted for and paid for, and not in 1973 when the restrictions lapsed and the certificates were delivered. Since there was therefore no purchase within six months of any sale, there is no liability under Section 16(b) and it is irrelevant whether the restricted stock came within the exemption set out in Rule 16b-3. The judgment of the district court is AFFIRMED.  *  The Honorable Roy W. Harper, Senior United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Missouri, is sitting by designation  1  The second amended complaint also contained allegations of violations of Sections 17(a) and 22(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. §§ 77q(a) and 77v(a), and Sections 10(b) and 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. §§ 78j(b) and 78aa, as well as Rule 10b-5. No claim is being made on appeal that the complaint states a cause of action under any of these sections. See Blue Chips Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, 421 U.S. 723, 95 S. Ct. 1917, 44 L. Ed. 2d 539 (1975) There were also allegations that Decio and Mandell were engaged in "plans of distribution" of their stock in violation of the federal securities laws and that they and the other defendants traded on the basis of their knowledge of these plans. This theory has also apparently been abandoned on appeal.  2  Both parties agree that the district court's opinion did not consider the merits of plaintiff's 16(b) claim against Mandell. However, plaintiff is concerned that the court's dismissal of the complaint was so broad as to include this claim. Although there is some ambiguity in the wording of the court's May 20, 1977 order, we construe that judgment as not disposing of Count III of the amended complaint containing the 16(b) claim against Mandell. We therefore lack jurisdiction over that claim  3  Diamond v. Oreamuno has been noted at 83 Harv. L. Rev. 1421 (1970); 55 Va. L. Rev. 1520 (1969); 1970 Wis. L. Rev. 576. See also 9 Ga.L.Rev. 189 (1974)  4  Brophy has been noted at 63 Harv. L. Rev. 1446 (1950)  5  The Second Circuit's decision in Schein has been noted in 74 Colum. L. Rev. 269 (1974); 42 Fordham L. Rev. 211 (1973); 87 Harv. L. Rev. 675 (1974); 1 J.Corp.L. 83 (1975); 45 U.Colo.L.Rev. 519 (1973)  6  The court would also have held liable the insiders and outsiders who acted as a conduit for the inside information to reach the trading outsiders, but who did not trade themselves  7  Instead, the court stated that it would "adhere to previous precedent established by the courts in . . . (Florida) that actual damage to the corporation must be alleged in the complaint to substantiate a stockholders' derivative action."  8  Were it not for the fact that we agree with the district court's conclusion that there is no factual basis for the plaintiff's allegations that the defendants sold Skyline stock on the basis of inside information, we would seriously consider employment of the Indiana certified question statute. See Lehman Bros. v. Schein, 416 U.S. 386, 94 S. Ct. 1741, 40 L. Ed. 2d 215 (1976)  9  As was stated by Professor Hetherington, "(u)nder any 'game' theory of the market a player is likely to consider unfair any advantage gained by his competitors that he not only does not have, but that he cannot obtain." J. Hetherington, Insider Trading and the Logic of the Law, 1967 Wis. L. Rev. 720, 721 (1967)  10  A similar philosophy can be seen in the remarks of Representative Rayburn during the debate on the Securities Act of 1933: The purpose of this bill is to place the owners of securities on a parity, so far as is possible, with the management of the corporations, and to place the buyer on the same plane so far as available information is concerned, with the seller.  77  Cong.Rec. 2918 (1933), quoted in 5 Loss, Securities Regulation 2999 (1969)  11  This term comes from Loss, The Fiduciary Concept as Applied to Trading by Corporate "Insiders" in the United States, 33 Mod.L.Rev. 34, 35 (1970)  12  The efficiency implications of the regulation of insider trading were the subject of an early book by Professor Henry Manne Insider Trading and the Stock Market (1966) which has stimulated a deluge of commentary and criticism. See, e. g., W. Painter, Federal Regulation of Insider Trading (1968); Hetherington, Supra note 9; Shotland, Unsafe at any Price: A Reply to Manne, Insider Trading and the Stock Market, 53 Va. L. Rev. 1425 (1967); Kripke, Book Review, 42 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 212 (1967); Loss, Supra note 11; 5 Loss, Securities Regulation 2999-3000 (1969) For an analysis of the topic based more directly on general economic theory, see Wu, An Economist Looks at Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 68 Colum. L. Rev. 260 (1968). See also R. Posner, An Economic Analysis of the Law 308 (2d ed. 1977); Note, The Efficient Capital Market Hypothesis, Economic Theory and the Regulation of the Securities Industry, 29 Stan. L. Rev. 1031, 1067-75 (1977).  13  See, e. g., Wu, Supra note 12 However, it has been suggested that insider trading may harm the securities markets in indirect ways. See, e. g., Shotland, Supra note 12; R. Posner, Supra note 12. For one thing, outsiders might be less willing to invest in securities markets marked by the prevalence of a practice which they consider unfair. In addition an equal, if not greater degree of allocative efficiency can normally be achieved if the inside information is made public.  14  See, e. g., Schein v. Chasen, 478 F.2d 817, 825 (2d Cir. 1973) (Kaufman, J., dissenting); W. Painter, Supra note 12; Hetherington, Supra note 9; Shotland, Supra note 12; 5 Loss, Supra note 12; Loss, Supra note 11  15  See 2 Loss, Securities Regulation 1037-38  16  This harshness has been partially alleviated by the SEC's use of its powers to exempt certain classes of transactions from the coverage of the section. See, e. g., 17 C.F.R. §§ 2240.16b-1 to -11  17  See 2 Loss, Supra note 15, at 1041  18  See id. at 1087-90  19  See, e. g., Cady, Roberts & Co., 40 S.E.C. 907 (1961); SEC v. Texas Gulf Sulphur Co., 401 F.2d 833 (2d Cir. 1968)  20  There is a good deal of ambiguity as to who should be considered a direct victim of insider trading. Those investors who actually bought from or sold securities to the insiders in face-to-face transactions may well feel cheated when they find out that the insiders were trading on the basis of material information unknown to the public. But what about traders involved in impersonal market transactions who were probably not even aware that insiders were trading in the market. These investors would have traded even if the insiders had stayed out of the market. However, if one instead asks the question of who might have acted differently if the insiders had made public their inside information at the time that they dealt with the market, these investors might be considered to have been injured by the inside trading, even if they were unaware of the insiders' activity. This latter class is capable of a variety of definitions, such as "all persons who traded at the same time as did the insiders" or, at the limit, "all persons who traded from the time that the insiders entered the market until the time that the inside information became public or was otherwise fully reflected in the stock price." See Fleischer, Securities Trading and Corporate Information Practices: The Implications of the Texas Gulf Sulphur Proceedings, 51 Va. L. Rev. 1271, 1277-78 (1965); Note, Damages to Uninformed Traders for Insider Trading on Impersonal Exchanges, 74 Colum. L. Rev. 299 (1974)  21  See, e. g., Board of Comm'rs of Tippecanoe Co. v. Reynolds, 44 Ind. 509 (1873); Percival v. Wright, (1902) 2 Ch. 421; See also Conant, Duties of Disclosure of Corporate Insiders Who Purchase Shares, 46 Cornell L.Q. 53 (1960); Loss, Supra note 11, at 40-41  22  See, e. g. Strong v. Repide, 213 U.S. 419, 29 S. Ct. 521, 53 L. Ed. 853 (1909). See also, Conant, Supra note 21; 3 Loss, Securities Regulation 1446-47 (1961)  23  See, e. g., Oliver v. Oliver, 118 Ga. 362, 45 S.E. 232 (1903). See also Conant, Supra note 21; 3 Loss, Supra note 22  24  See generally Bromberg, Securities Law: Fraud (1977)  25  See Adams v. Mid-West Chevrolet Corp., 198 Okl. 461, 469-70, 179 P.2d 147, 156 (1946): The general rule is that officers and directors . . . cannot deal with the property of the corporation for their own personal benefit or advantage. But this duty does not extend to the outstanding stock of the corporation for the reason that such stock is the individual property of the respective shareholders and not in any sense the corporation's property. See also 3 Fletcher Cyclopedia Corporations § 900 (1975); Note, 55 Va. L. Rev. 1520, 1522-24; Conant, Supra note 21, at 54-56.  26  See Note, 83 Harv. L. Rev. 1421, 1429 (1970). See also the discussion of the "Quid pro quo " basis for a "no inquiry" rule with respect to a fiduciary's duty of loyalty in Bayne, Corporate Control as a Strict Trustee, 53 Ga.L.J. 543, 576-82 (1965)  27  See, Note, 83 Harv. L. Rev. 1421, 1429 n.36 (1970); Hetherington, Supra note 9, at 731  28  See Schein v. Chasen, 478 F.2d 817 (2d Cir. 1973); Conant, Supra note 21; Note, 1 J.Corp.L. 83 (1975)  29  See Fletcher Cyclopedia Corporations, §§ 861 to 862.1 (1975)  30  Id. § 931  31  See id. § 857.1  32  The Texas Gulf Sulphur case provides a good example of such an interest. If news of the ore strike had become public the corporation would have found it more expensive to buy up the surrounding parcels of land  33  For example, premature publication of certain inside information might lead to problems with respect to stock offerings or to liability under the securities laws  34  Note, 83 Harv. L. Rev. 1421, 1429 n.35 (1970)  35  See Note 55 Va. L. Rev. 1520, 1531 n.51 (1969); Note, 74 Colum. L. Rev. 269, 293-94 (1974)  36  See Note, 74 Colum. L. Rev. 269, 291-92 (1974), where it was suggested that since in many cases the claims of injured investors might completely deplete the fund, the corporation might eventually end up poorer for having won the suit because of the costs of litigation  37  See, e. g., Conant, Supra note 21; Note, 74 Colum. L. Rev. 269, 292-93 (1974)  38  See, e. g., Shapiro v. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., 353 F. Supp. 264 (S.D.N.Y. 1972), Aff'd, 495 F.2d 228 (2d Cir. 1974); SEC v. Texas Gulf Sulphur Co., 446 F.2d 1301 (2d Cir.), Cert. denied, 404 U.S. 1005, 92 S. Ct. 561, 30 L. Ed. 2d 558 (1971); SEC v. Shapiro, 494 F.2d 1301, 1309 (2d Cir. 1974); Cf. Fridich v. Bradford, 542 F.2d 307 (6th Cir. 1976)  39  See Eisen v. Carlisle & Jacquelin, 386 U.S. 1035, 87 S. Ct. 1487, 18 L. Ed. 2d 598 (1966); Hochfelder v. Ernst & Ernst, 425 U.S. 909, 96 S. Ct. 1375, 47 L. Ed. 2d 668 (1975)  40  As was pointed out by Justice Frankfurter in SEC v. Chenery Corp., 318 U.S. 80, 85, 63 S. Ct. 454, 458, 87 L. Ed. 2d 626 (1943): (T)o say that a man is a fiduciary only begins analysis; it gives direction to further inquiry. To whom is he a fiduciary? What obligations does he owe as a fiduciary? In what respect has he failed to discharge these obligations? And what are the consequences of his deviation from duty?  41  See Ryan, Should Tippecanoe County Commr's v. Reynolds Be Overruled? 16 Ind.L.J. 563 (1941). It also appears that one Indiana Court of Appeals believes that this will occur. Krull v. Pierce, 117 Ind.App. 638, 647, 71 N.E.2d 617 (1947)  42  Accord, Note, 83 Harv. L. Rev. 1421 (1970)  43  Even if the defendants could show that they would have traded even absent the inside information, there remains the fact that by failing to disclose material facts not publicly available, they place themselves in a position of unfair advantage Vis-a-vis the other traders in the market. We need not consider now the degree to which the significance of this conclusion is altered by the fact that a Diamond -type action is rooted in the insiders' fiduciary duties to the corporation rather than to other investors  44  When it is shown that an insider made a sudden sale of a significant portion of his holdings of his corporation's stock and that subsequently, material adverse information became public concerning the corporation which led to a significant drop in the price of the stock, an inference arises that the insider was "bailing out" on the basis of material inside information. However, this inference can be nullified by a showing that sales in question were consistent in timing and amount with a past pattern of sales or that other circumstances might reasonably account for their occurrence. Hence, the district court was correct to consider these factors  45  Plaintiff's theory is on its face inadequate to support a recovery of defendants' profits with respect to sales which occurred during the quarter ending May 31, 1972. The defendants could not possibly have known that the financial statements for that quarter were misstated until they came into existence. This could not have occurred earlier than the end of the quarter, since the necessary accounting data would not have been fully available until that time. Nor is there any allegation or evidence suggesting that during the May 31 quarter any defendant had the intention of causing the end of period financial statements to be misstated or knew that some piece of accounting data already in existence was inaccurate and would be incorporated into the end-of-quarter statements, thereby causing them to be inaccurate  46  The defendants demonstrated that the decline in the material cost percentage can be attributed to secular changes in Skyline's product mix. During the period in question Skyline found that its customers were tending to buy larger and more expensive mobile homes, recreational vehicles and optional equipment, all of which carried higher gross profit margins and therefore lower material cost percentages. When the material cost percentage for the May 31 and August 31 quarters turned out to be less than the amount budgeted, Decio had the variances investigated and became convinced that they could be explained by the change in product mix. Accordingly, the budgeted material cost percentage for the next quarter (ending November 30, 1972) was lowered with respect to the budgeted costs for the comparable quarter of the previous year. Plaintiff's rebuttal that the change in product mix between mobile homes and recreational vehicles does not fully explain the decline in average material cost percentage is incomplete in that it does not take into account changes in product mix within each of those two larger categories leading to a lower material cost percentage for each category as a whole  47  Since plaintiff's formula calculates a hypothetical May quarter material cost by multiplying the February quarter material cost by a ratio derived by relating May sales to February sales, the February material cost percentage is effectively "locked into" the hypothetical result, thereby creating a disparity with the actual results which is a manifestation of the decline in the actual material cost percentage due to the change in product mix and cost efficiencies  48  See generally Dopuch & Birnberg, Cost Accounting: Accounting Data for Management's Decisions, Chs. 1 and 4 (1969 ed.) In addition to the very major problems concerning changes in the product mix plaintiff assumes, without explanation, that the variable cost figures from an exhibit to a Skyline submission to the Cost of Living Council are the appropriate ones. However, given the difficulty of allowing for semi-fixed and semi-variable costs and the relatively modest need for great precision in the computations involved in the Cost of Living Council exhibit, we find credible the defendants' argument that the instructions for completing the exhibit over-simplify the classification of costs and probably overstated the percentage of total costs that were variable. Plaintiffs presented no evidence to the contrary.  49  Plaintiff argues that there is no indication that there was public knowledge of price increases for materials other than lumber and lumber related products. However, there is also no evidence that such other cost increases materially contributed to Skyline's earnings drop when balanced against other prices that were declining. Nor is there any evidence that the defendants were aware of any significant price increases other than for lumber and related products  50  Plaintiff points out that the decline in earnings experienced in the November, 1972, and subsequent quarters was largely attributed to rising material costs in the Skyline press releases of the time. With the clarity of hindsight plaintiff also suggests that the actual deterioration in Skyline's gross margins during the November quarter was so pronounced that earnings would have declined even if sales had lived up to expectations. However, plaintiff does not attempt to specify the extent to which the actual deterioration in the gross margin was in fact, or should have been, anticipated by the defendants, other than to suggest that the defendants were aware of some imminent deterioration. There is thus no evidence directly controverting the defendants' assertions that they expected record sales and profits in spite of increasing material costs or suggesting that such a belief would have been unreasonable in light of information existing at the time  51  Schneider, Nits, Grits, and Soft Information in SEC Filings, 121 U. Pa. L. Rev. 254 (1972). Nevertheless, the author advocates more disclosure of earnings predictions 












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Summaries 
                    of Seventh Circuit opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 US Federal Courts of Appeals Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










US Federal Courts of Appeals Case Law

The United States Courts of Appeal, sometimes referred to as the Federal Circuit Courts, are intermediate appellate federal courts. They are comprised of thirteen circuits; the 1st - 11th Circuits, the District of Columbia Circuit Court and the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. These courts hear appeals from decisions rendered by the US District Courts, as well as from other federal courts and agencies. Click here to see a map of the Federal Circuits.
Reported Opinions From the US Federal Courts of Appeals

Federal Reporter, 2nd Series (F.2d) (1924-1993)
Federal Reporter, 3rd Series (F.3d) (1993-present)

Opinions From the US Federal Courts of Appeals

US Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
US Court of International Trade
US Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review


Browse Opinions From the US Federal Courts of Appeals

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1917
1914
1909
1908
1906
1904
1901











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 Seventh Circuit US Court of Appeals Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit opinions.







Subscribe








Seventh Circuit US Court of Appeals Case Law


The US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, based in Chicago, Illinois, has appellate jurisdiction over courts in the following districts:Central District of IllinoisNorthern District of IllinoisSouthern District of IllinoisNorthern District of IndianaSouthern District of IndianaEastern District of WisconsinWestern District of WisconsinTwo notable law and economics scholars sit on this court, Judge Frank Easterbrook and Judge Richard Posner.

Browse Opinions From the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924


Recent Decisions From the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit



Alamo v. Bliss

					
											 



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						15-2849
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Alamo worked for the Chicago Fire Department. He alleges that in 2009, after a transfer, other firefighters began harassing him, calling him “spic” and “f--king Puerto Rican,” and stealing Alamo’s food. Alamo also allege...
				



National Power Corp. v. Federal Aviation Administration

					
											 



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-3770
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: National manufactures battery packs, including the lithium battery packs at issue (Batteries), which were regulated as hazardous materials.   A Federal Aviation Administration agent inspected National’s Chicago facility...
				



Chen v. Sessions

					
											 



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						17-1130
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Chen, a lawful permanent resident who came from China at age 11, was ordered removed from the U.S. as an alien convicted of a controlled‐substance crime, 8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)(i)(II). He had drug convictions in 2010 and...
				



Dentrell Brown v. Richard Brown



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-1014
								
									


Schneider v. United States

					
											 



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-1089
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Facing the possibility of two life sentences, Schneider pleaded guilty to sexually abusing his minor daughter, 18 U.S.C. 2243(a)(1). The court warned Schneider five times that it could impose a sentence as high as 15 yea...
				



Terence S. Chancellor v. Select Portfolio Servicing



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-2475
								
									


Squires-Cannon v. Forest Preserve District of Cook County

					
											 



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-3118
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff owned and lived on a 400-acre estate and horse farm in Barrington Hills, Illinois, leasing the horse farm, “Horizon Farms,” to their company, Royalty Farms, LLC, which managed the farm’s operations. Their mortg...
				



Summers v. Berryhill

					
											 



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-3849
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Summers was fired from her job as an Elkhart, Indiana production-line worker. She applied for disability insurance benefits, alleging that she became disabled on the date she was fired. The Social Security Administration...
				



Carroll v. Takada

					
											 



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						14-3576
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Catherine’s parents, Mary and Henry, settled an inter vivos trust with real estate as the trust property. The trust document included a standard spendthrift provision meant to shield the trust’s future benefits from the...
				



United States v. Sandidge

					
											 



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-2180
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Officers found a loaded revolver in Sandidge’s living room while investigating a report that he attempted to sexually assault a woman at gunpoint. Sandidge pleaded guilty to possessing a firearm as a felon, 18 U.S.C. 922...
				



United States v.  Fifer

					
											 



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-2812
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Police used a confidential source to buy heroin from registered sex offender Fifer. They obtained a state court warrant to search for evidence including cell phones and computers. They discovered a half‐naked 16‐year‐old...
				



USA v. Salvador Navarro



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-3092
								
									


Streit v. Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Co.

					
											 



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-3203
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Streit set fire to the house where he lived with his parents, which was insured by Metropolitan. Under the Streits’ policy, the act of arson triggered a contractual exclusion of coverage. The Streits still submitted a cl...
				



Scheurer v. Fromm Family Foods, LLC

					
											 



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						16-3327
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: In 2013, Scheurer applied to work at Richelieu which outsourced its staffing needs to Remedy, a temporary staffing agency. The application form she signed with Remedy for placement with Richelieu contained an arbitration...
				



Oaks v. Pfister

					
											 



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						15-2924
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: In 1992, Oaks was indicted in Illinois for the murder of his girlfriend’s three‐year‐old son. Oaks had no income or assets. His family provided $2,000 to retain an attorney, who asked for state funds for expert witnesses...
				












Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Summaries 
                    of Seventh Circuit opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 1978 Seventh Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit opinions.







Subscribe








1978 Seventh Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals Case Law

Opinions 1 - 500 of 839

1
2
Next




Phillip Bruce Christopher, Petitioner-appellant, v. U. S. Board of Parole et al., Respondents-appellees



Date:  December 29, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 924




Phillips v. Bowen



Date:  December 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Julius C. Werbrouck, Jr., Defendant-appellant



Date:  December 27, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 273




U. S. v. Figueroa



Date:  December 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




Schecter v. Chas. Moell Cadillac Co



Date:  December 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




Ray Melendy, Plaintiff-appellant, v. United States Postal Service and National Association Ofletter Carriers, Afl-cio, Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 22, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 256




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Tex-tow, Inc., Defendant-appellant



Date:  December 22, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 1310




Mitcham v. Navajo Freight Lines Co



Date:  December 22, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




Agustin Cobian-hernandez, Petitioner, v. Immigration and Naturalization Service, Respondent.juan Arevalo-garcia, Petitioner, v. Immigration and Naturalization Service, Respondent.ricardo Carpintero-sepulveda, Petitioner, v. Immigration and Naturalization Service, Respondent



Date:  December 22, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 872




Smith v. Blonts



Date:  December 22, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




Jessen v. Sec. of Hew



Date:  December 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




6 O.s.h. Cas.(bna) 2159, 1978 O.s.h.d. (cch) P 23,217ray Marshall, Secretary of Labor, Petitioner, v. L. E. Myers Company and Occupational Safety and Healthreview Commission, Respondents



Date:  December 21, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 270




Ramm Industries Co. v. Chapman Performance Products, Inc



Date:  December 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Samuel Guerrero-herrera, Defendant-appellant



Date:  December 21, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 238




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers of the Nationalassociation of Realtors et al., Defendants-appellees, v. John E. Milloway, Intervenor-appellant



Date:  December 21, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 242




Farries v. Aaron



Date:  December 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




6 O.s.h. Cas.(bna) 2137, 1978 O.s.h.d. (cch) P 23,213pelton Casteel, Inc., et al., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Ray Marshall, Secretary of Labor, United States Departmentof Labor, Defendant-appellee



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 1182




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. William Rose and Robert Peterson, Defendants-appellants



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 232




Green v. National Can Co



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




Malanche v. American Motors Corp



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Pittman v. Robins



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Madeline Maxwell and Walter Archibald Younge, Defendants-appellants



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 568




Gedko v. Cady



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Chicago, Milw., St. Paul & Pacific Rr Co. v. U. S



Date:  December 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 841




U. S. v. Brusich



Date:  December 18, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




U. S. v. Page



Date:  December 18, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Henry Preston et al., Plaintiffs-appellees,andlocal 494, American Federation of State, County, Andmunicipal Employees, Afl-cio, Proposed Interveningplaintiff-appellant, v. James Thompson, Governor of the State of Illinois, Etc., Etal., Defendants-appellants



Date:  December 15, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 300




In Re Paul Perlin, a Witness Before the April 1977 Grandjury, Paul Perlin, Respondent-appellant



Date:  December 15, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 260




In Matter of Dellenbach



Date:  December 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Helen Washington, J. D. Richard Green, Melvin Jay Quick Andglenn C. Webb, Defendants-appellants



Date:  December 15, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1147




Gonzalez v. Califano



Date:  December 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Bobbie Stanford, Louis Watson, Janice Davis, Estellapatterson, Doris Beverly, Dorothy Fife, Richardo'rourke, and Dorothy Jones,defendants-appellants



Date:  December 14, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 285




Longino v. Ed Napleton Pontiac, Inc



Date:  December 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Bragg v. Sinclair Refining Co



Date:  December 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




U. S. v. Ward



Date:  December 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




De Palomino v. Immigration and Naturalization Service



Date:  December 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Kathryn R. Carey et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, Cross-appellees, v. Arthur F. Quern et al., Defendants-appellees, Cross-appellants,andjoseph Bertrand et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 230




Ramona Areizaga et al., Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Arthur F. Quern, Etc., Defendants-appellants



Date:  December 12, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 226




Davis v. General Motors Corp



Date:  December 12, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




U. S. v. Mathews



Date:  December 12, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




U. S. v. Wall



Date:  December 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




U. S. v. Tarantolo



Date:  December 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Carey v. S. E. C



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Mclain v. Morris



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




Allstate Ins. Co. v. N. L. R. B



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




In the Matter of the Special April 1977 Grand Jury.appeal of William J. Scott, Appellant, v. United States of America, Appellee



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 889




Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Plaintiff, v. Gulf Oil Corporation, Defendant-appellant,andunited Nuclear Corporation, Defendant-appellee



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 221




N. L. R. B. v. Adams & Westlake Company



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




In Matter of Adams & Westlake Co



Date:  December 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 840




U. S. v. Abbinanti



Date:  December 7, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Charles Edward Secret, Plaintiff-appellant, v. David Brierton et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 5, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 823




Michael Susman, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Lincoln American Corp. et al., Defendants-appellees.ann Flamm and Arnold Flamm, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Rudolph Eberstadt, Jr. and Microdot, Inc., Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 5, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 866




Dr. Milton Margoles, M. D., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Alida Johns and the Journal Company, Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 5, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 885




Lee Klinger Volkswagen, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Chrysler Corporation, Chrysler Motors Corporation, Chryslercredit Corporation, Chrysler Realty Corporationand Evanston Dodge, Inc., Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 4, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 910




The National Bank and Trust Company of South Bend, Plaintiff-appellant, v. the United States of America, Raymond J. Norris, Thomas J.smith, Ralph W. Van Natta, Robert L. Acrey, Andvalley Bank and Trust, Defendants-appellees



Date:  December 1, 1978
Citation: 
589 F.2d 1298




Citizens for a Better Environment, an Illinoisnot-for-profit Corporation, and Larry A.hoellwarth, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Village of Schaumburg, Defendant-appellant



Date:  December 1, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 220




Bustillo v. Levi



Date:  December 1, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




U. S. v. Newman



Date:  November 30, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Robert Kirby and James Curtis, Defendants-appellants



Date:  November 30, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 876




Telemed Corporation, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Tel-med, Inc., and Chicago Medical Society, Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 213




Appeal of Devon Bank



Date:  November 28, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Mccraw v. Morris



Date:  November 28, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Marvic Press, Ltd. v. Salan Corp



Date:  November 28, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Sheryn Kautz Fietzer and Oward Kautz, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Ford Motor Company, Defendant-appellant



Date:  November 27, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 215




U. S. v. Brown



Date:  November 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Lawrence Ronald Watson, Mack H. Banks and Willie Davis,defendants-appellants



Date:  November 24, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 365




U. S. v. Moody



Date:  November 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Ashley v. Goshen Community Schools



Date:  November 22, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Petrocelli v. U. S



Date:  November 22, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




U. S. v. Wisniewski



Date:  November 22, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Earl Davis et al., Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Dennis Murphy et al., Defendants-appellants



Date:  November 22, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 362




Local 366, Int'l Brohd. of Electrical Workers, Afl-cio v. Gte-automatic Elec. Co



Date:  November 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




United States of America Ex Rel. James Barksdale, Petitioner-appellant, v. Allyn R. Sielaff, Director Illinois Department Ofcorrections, Respondent- Appellee



Date:  November 21, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 288




Johnson v. Aaron



Date:  November 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Ray v. Gray



Date:  November 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Czajkowski v. State of Illinois



Date:  November 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Dye v. Quern



Date:  November 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Young v. Rca Corporation



Date:  November 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




U. S. v. Arambasich



Date:  November 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Central States Motor Freight Bureau, Inc. v. I. C. C



Date:  November 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Gordon D. Mertens, Sr., and Marcella Mertens, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Ralph Hummell, Individually and As Chief of Police Ofbarrington Hills et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 17, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 862




U. S. v. Jodie



Date:  November 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Chatmon v. Sielaff



Date:  November 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




United States of America Ex Rel. John W. Gentry, Petitioner-appellant, v. the Circuit Court of Cook County, Municipal Division, Firstmunicipal District, Richard J. Elrod, Sheriff of Cookcounty, Illinois and Charles Rowe, Director, Department Ofcorrections, State of Illinois, Respondents-appellees



Date:  November 15, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1142




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Jose Mendez Gandara, Defendant-appellant



Date:  November 15, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1156




Edward Q. Lupia, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Stella D'oro Biscuit Co., Inc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  November 15, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1163




Anthony J. Scherer, Jr., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Clarence M. Kelley, Etc., et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 14, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 170




Barnard v. Elrod



Date:  November 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




Mr. Lucky Messenger Service, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. United States of America et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 13, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 15




Fed. Sec. L. Rep. P 96,601calvert Fire Insurance Company, Petitioner, v. Honorable Hubert L. Will, United States District Judge,northern District of Illinois, Respondent



Date:  November 13, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 12




Gloria Conway, Individually and on Behalf of All Otherpersons Similarly Situated, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Patricia Harris, et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 13, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1137




U. S. v. Tinghino



Date:  November 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




U. S. v. Priest



Date:  November 9, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




U. S. v. Kim



Date:  November 9, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 839




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Mario Rainone and Rocco Circelli, Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 9, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1132




International Society for Krishna Consciousness, Inc.,govinda Das, on Behalf of Themselves and Allinternational Society for Krishnaconsciousness Members,plaintiffs-appellees, v. James M. Rochford, Superintendent of the Chicago Policedepartment, William R. Quinlan, Chicago Corporation Counsel,individually and in Their Official Capacities, and City Ofchicago, Defendants-appellants



Date:  November 9, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 263




Regnery v. Rederal Ins. Co



Date:  November 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




6 O.s.h. Cas.(bna) 2070, 1978 O.s.h.d. (cch) P 23,141in the Matter of Establishment Inspection of Northwestairlines, Inc.appeal of Ray Marshall, Secretary of Labor



Date:  November 8, 1978
Citation: 
587 F.2d 12




Catherine Mackey et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Wayne Stanton et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 8, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 1126




Porcelli v. Jos. Schlitz Brewing Co



Date:  November 7, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Zed Daniels, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Richard L. Kieser, Defendant-appellant



Date:  November 7, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 64




Syed J. Iqbal Jafree, Plaintiff-appellant, v. William J. Scott, Individually and As Attorney General Ofthe State of Illinois, et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 7, 1978
Citation: 
590 F.2d 209




U. S. v. Wicevic



Date:  November 7, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Porter v. Continental Bank



Date:  November 7, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




U. S. v. Minentz



Date:  November 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Burger v. Burlington Northern, Inc



Date:  November 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Bracey v. Heeringa



Date:  November 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Cross v. State of Illinois



Date:  November 3, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Mize v. Indiana State Police



Date:  November 2, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




In Matter of Dellenbach



Date:  November 2, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




N. L. R. B. v. Local 604, Int'l Chemical Workers, Union



Date:  November 2, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Joseph Musso, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Raffaele Suriano, Dean, Loyola University School Ofdentistry, John Madonia, Associate Dean, Loyolauniversity School of Dentistry, Andloyola University School Ofdentistry,defendants-appellees.patrick Batt, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Marion Heights, Inc., Sister Lillian Van Domlen, Sisterrosalie Klein, Sister M. Mel O'dowd, Sister Angiolastickelmaier, Sister Peyton Ryan, Delores Gencuski, Mrs. A.boehm, John Conway, Robert Hackett, Gerald Falci, and Rogern. Hamilton, Defendants-appellees.stephen J. Kavka, M. D., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Edgewater Hospital, Inc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  November 2, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 59




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Nicholas D'andrea, Jack Ware and Nelson Harris, Defendants-appellants



Date:  November 2, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 1351




Kapsos v. City of Milwaukee



Date:  November 1, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Luckett v. Prestolite Battery Co., Inc



Date:  November 1, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Jill Mary Kohr, Executrix of the Estate of Robert H. Kohr,deceased, Plaintiff, v. Allegheny Airlines, Inc., Defendant and Third-partyplaintiff-appellant.united States of America, Defendant and Third-party Plaintiff-appellee, v. Forth Corporation and John R. Barney, Jr.,*etc., Third-party Defendants-appellees.jill Mary Kohr, Executrix of the Estate of Robert H. Kohr,deceased, Plaintiff, v. Allegheny Airlines, Inc., Defendant and Third-party Plaintiff-appellee,united States of America, Defendant and Third-partyplaintiff-appellant, v. Forth Corporation and John R. Barney, Jr.,* Etc.,third-party Defendants-appellees.allegheny Airlines, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant,andgecc Leasing Corp., Plaintiff, v. United States of America, Forth Corporation and John R.barney, Jr.,* Etc., Defendants-appellees.allegheny Airlines, Inc., Plaintiff-appellee,gecc Leasing Corp., Plaintiff, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellant,forth Corporation and John R. Barney, Jr.,* Etc.,defendants-appellees



Date:  November 1, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 53




Telco Leasing, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Marshall County Hospital, Defendant-appellee



Date:  November 1, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 49




Lonnie Arsberry et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Allyn R. Sielaff et al., Defendants-appellees.harold Longstreet et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Allyn R. Sielaff et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 1, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 37




Dan Archie, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Chicago Truck Drivers, Helpers and Warehouse Workers Union,abc Trans National Transport, Inc., Equalemployment Opportunity Commission Androscoe Jones, Defendants-appellees



Date:  November 1, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 210




James Lloyd Hubbert, Petitioner-appellant, v. United States Parole Commission, Respondent-appellee



Date:  October 31, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 857




Benson v. U. S. Bd. of Parole



Date:  October 31, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




U. S. Ex Rel. Gallegos v. Maloney



Date:  October 31, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Badger Bearing Co. v. Burroughs Corp



Date:  October 31, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




William Kuziw, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Lake Engineering Company, a Division of Arlo Manufacturingcorporation, Economy Baler Corporation and Fluidpower, a Division of Sta-riteindustries, Inc., Defendants-appellees



Date:  October 31, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 33




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Thomas J. Bowler, Defendant-appellant



Date:  October 30, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 851




Area E-7 Hospital Assoc. v. N. L. R. B



Date:  October 30, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Edward Joseph X. Chapman, Plaintiff-appellant, v. George Pickett et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  October 30, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 22




Akron, Canton & Youngstown Railroad Company, et al., Petitioners,andunion Pacific Railroad Company, Intervening Petitioners, v. United States of America, and Interstate Commercecommission, Respondents,andsouthern Railway Company, Intervening Respondents



Date:  October 30, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 29




Parker v. Hayne



Date:  October 30, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Huber Pontiac, Inc., a Delaware Corporation,plaintiff-appellee, Cross-appellant, v. Robert M. Whitler, Individually and As Director of Revenueof the State of Illinois, Defendant-appellant,cross-appellee



Date:  October 27, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 817




U. S. v. Beshaw



Date:  October 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Gilman Nursing Home v. Quern



Date:  October 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Milwaukee Newspaper & Graphic Communications Union Local No.23, Plaintiff- Appellant, v. Newspapers, Inc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  October 26, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 19




Epstein v. Langenbach



Date:  October 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Diamond Trans. System, Inc. v. Interstate Commerce Commission



Date:  October 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Williams v. U. S



Date:  October 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




Wiegand v. Ludwig



Date:  October 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Jeffries v. Crandus



Date:  October 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Drew v. Sielaff



Date:  October 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 838




U. S. v. Klein



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




U. S. v. Weatherford



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Davis v. U. S. Acoustics Corp



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




U. S. v. Laws



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Joseph J. Zilber and Vera Zilber, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 301




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Donald E. Kennedy, Defendant-appellant.united States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Linda May Brunner, A/k/a Linda Mae Brunner, Defendant-appellant



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 196




Cerlo Manufacturing Corporation, Petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board, Respondent,andwarehouse, Mail Order, Office, Technical and Professionalemployees Union Local No. 743, Intervenor



Date:  October 24, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 847




U. S. v. Finklea



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Welsh v. Mathews



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




In Matter of Special 1977 Grand Jury



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Morgan v. Rodriguez



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Lindell v. Northwest Airlines, Inc



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Rex v. U. S



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Appaloosa Air Cargo v. Pinto



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Pinto Trucking Service Inc. v. Motor Dispatch, Inc



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Driver v. Aldens, Inc



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Wood v. International Brotherhood of Boilermakers



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Pinto Trucking Ser v. V.appaloosa Air Cargo



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Appeal of Bee Chemical Company



Date:  October 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Fred Muscarella, Carl Veller, Anthony Vymola and Ronaldmore, Defendants- Appellants



Date:  October 20, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 242




One 1973 Cadillac Eldorado v. U. S



Date:  October 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Local Division 519, Amalgamated Transit Union, Afl-cio,plaintiff-appellee, v. Lacrosse Municipal Transit Utility and City of Lacrosse,wisconsin, Defendants-appellants



Date:  October 19, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 1340




Vaicekauskas v. Imm. & Nat. Service in Chicago



Date:  October 18, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Leland L. Schire, Defendant-appellant



Date:  October 18, 1978
Citation: 
586 F.2d 15




U. S. v. Kasmiskie



Date:  October 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Public Service Co. of Ind., Inc. v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, Pacific R.r. Co. v. Union Carbide



Date:  October 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 837




Teamsters Local Union No. 1500 v. Nehi Be v. Co., Inc



Date:  October 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




U. S. v. Lynn



Date:  October 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Wilson v. Intnat'l. Union, United Auto. Aerospace & Agri. Impl. Wkrs



Date:  October 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Roland C. Hansen and Steven R. Hansen, Defendants-appellants



Date:  October 16, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 325




Jordan v. Abc Records



Date:  October 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Schlau v. Japan



Date:  October 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Brotherhood of Railway, Airline & Steamship Clerks v. Kirkland



Date:  October 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Rilla v. Lake Erie Chem. Co



Date:  October 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Henry A. Proesel and La Salle National Bank, Trustees, Etal., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  October 13, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 295




Simley Corp. v. N. L. R. B



Date:  October 12, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Ohio-sealy Mattress Manufacturing Company, Sealy Mattresscompany of Houston, Sealy Mattress Company of Puerto Rico,inc., Sealy of the Northeast, Inc., and Sealy Mattresscompany of Georgia, Inc., Plaintiffs-counterdefendantsappellants-cross-appellees, v. Sealy, Incorporated, Sealy Spring Corporation Indiana, Sealyspring Corporation East, Sealy Spring Corporation West,sealy Mattress Company of Colorado, Inc., Sealy Mattresscompany of Northern California, Inc., Sealy Mattress Companyof Southern California, Inc., Schnorr Manufacturing Company,inc., Sealy Mattress Company of Florida, Inc., Sealymattress Company of Pittsburgh, Inc., Sealy Mattress Companyof Philadelphia, Inc., Defendants-counterplaintiffsappellees-cross- Appellants



Date:  October 12, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 821




Beasley v. Califano



Date:  October 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Cobetto v. Carlock



Date:  October 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




U. S. v. Sealey Inc



Date:  October 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Charles Hughes, Defendant-appellant



Date:  October 11, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 284




Chgo. & N. Western Trans. Co. v. Brotherhood of Railway, Airline and Steamship Clerks



Date:  October 10, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Koss Corp. v. Sennheiser Electronic, Kg



Date:  October 10, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




James Sassi, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Harold Breier, Etc., et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  October 6, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 234




Krevda Bros. Express Inc. v. Interstate Commerce Commission



Date:  October 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Ernest Rizzo, Defendant-appellant



Date:  October 6, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 907




Smith v. Williams



Date:  October 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




U. S. v. Reeds



Date:  October 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




David L. Heilman, and E-c Tape Service, Inc., a Wisconsincorporation, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Griffin B. Bell, Attorney General of the United States Ofamerica, His Agents, Servants, Employees, Attorneys,successors and All Those Persons in Active Concert Ofparticipation with Them, Defendants-appellees



Date:  October 5, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 373




Pfeifer v. U. S. Government



Date:  October 5, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




Brackmier v. U. S



Date:  October 5, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 836




U. S. v. Rosbia



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company, Petitioner, v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,respondents



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 254




U. S. v. Moore



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Appeal of Mcmillon



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




In Matter of Roney



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




In Matter of Special April 1977 Grand Jury



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Acker v. Borg-warner Corp



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




U. S. Ex Rel. Chatman v. Rowe



Date:  October 4, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Mickulas v. Elsea



Date:  October 3, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




U. S. v. Ramsey



Date:  October 3, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Audrey Bride Lisner, Jacqueline Marie Lisner, and Jannettealecia Lisner, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Chicago Title and Trust Company, As Trustee Under Trustnumber 47554, and Jack A. Coney, Defendants-appellees



Date:  October 2, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1092




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Robert R. Brown, Defendant-appellant



Date:  October 2, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 915




N. L. R. B. v. 3 States Trucking, Inc



Date:  September 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Mhg, Inc. v. Gits



Date:  September 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Pittway Corp. v. Brk Shareholders' Committee



Date:  September 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Reid v. Aetna Life Insurance Co



Date:  September 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Brotherhood of Railway, Airline & Steamship Clerks, Freighthandlers, Express & Station Employees, Afl-cio v. Kirkland



Date:  September 29, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




U. S. v. Means



Date:  September 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Michael B. Laikin, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 27, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 968




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Melvin C. Wetterlin, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 27, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 346




Schwitzer Division, Wallace-murray Corp. v. Flex-a-lite Corp



Date:  September 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




U. S. v. Michael



Date:  September 27, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Roy Buise, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Donald Hudkins, Individually and As Superintendent of Theindiana State Farm, et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  September 26, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 223




Cahill v. Ernst & Ernst



Date:  September 26, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Mitchell v. Califano



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




U. S. v. Tranowski



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




Diamond Trans. System, Inc. v. International Transport, Inc



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




U. S. v. Berk



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 835




International Transport, Inc. v. U. S



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Davie v. Penningroth



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Fed. Sec. L. Rep. P 96,500david L. Goodman et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Sidney Epstein et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  September 25, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 388




First Wisconsin Mortgage Trust, a Massachusetts Businesstrust, Plaintiff- Appellee, v. First Wisconsin Corporation, a Wisconsin Corporation, Firstwisconsin Mortgage Company, a Wisconsin Corporation, Andfirst Wisconsin National Bank of Milwaukee, a Nationalbanking Association, Defendants-appellants



Date:  September 22, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 201




Glover v. F. E. Harding Paving Co



Date:  September 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Donald R. Barrett, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 21, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 132




Marcia Freeman, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Arthur J. Decio, v. Dale Swikert, Samuel P. Mandell, Ira J.kaufman, and Skyline Corporation, Defendants-appellees



Date:  September 20, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 186




U. S. v. Newman



Date:  September 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Northwestern Electric Co. v. Reg. Admin. for Employ. & Training of U. S. Labor Dept



Date:  September 20, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Aes Technology Systems, Inc., Plaintiff-appellee, v. Coherent Radiation, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 20, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 933




U. S. v. Flucker



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




John Mark Latender, Petitioner-appellant, v. Thomas Israel, Warden, Respondent-appellee



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 817




Minniecheske v. Schroeder



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




U. S. v. Van Dera



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Independent Steel Workers' Alliance v. Keystone Steel and Wire



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Rasulis v. Califano



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Thomas D. Gaertner, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 308




Brooks-bay v. Hardiman



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Lester Crown, Appellee, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Appellant



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 234




Deluca v. Robertson



Date:  September 19, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Anthony Baldini, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Local Union No. 1095, International Union, Unitedautomobile, Aerospace Andagricultural Implement Workers Ofamerica, Uaw, William E. Nichols, Maurice J.roberts, Davidlloyd, Claude Gorby, and White Motor Corporation, D/b/asouthbend Farmequipment Company, Defendants-appellees



Date:  September 18, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 145




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Reyes Vargas, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 18, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 380




Niedert Motor Service, Inc., Petitioner, v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,respondents,laporte Transit, Inc., Artim Transportation, Inc., Burrentransfer Company, C. P. T. Freight, Inc., Knox Motorservice, Inc., Landgrebe Motor Transport, Inc., Libertytrucking Co., Peet Frate Line, Inc., Rudolph Express Co.,south Bend Freight Line, Inc., Tucker Freight Lines, Inc.,and Welsh Bros. Motor Service, Inc., Intervening Respondents



Date:  September 18, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 954




Earl Bratton et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Joel Shiffrin et al., Defendants-appellees.roger Chapman and Jeanne Chapman, Individually and on Behalfof All Others Similarly Situated, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. First National Bank of Highland Park, a National Bankingassociation, Defendant-appellee



Date:  September 18, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 223




U. S. v. Loya



Date:  September 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Ronald A. Anderson and Marilyn J. Anderson,petitioners-appellants, Cross-appellees, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Respondent-appellee,cross-appellant



Date:  September 15, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 953




U. S. v. Stone



Date:  September 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Durham v. Ill. Commerce Comm



Date:  September 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Bonney v. Susman



Date:  September 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Major Angelo M. Diliberti, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Harold Brown, Secretary of Defense, Etc., et al.,defendants-appellants



Date:  September 14, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 950




U. S. Ex Rel. Bates v. Brierton



Date:  September 13, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




U. S. v. Sherril



Date:  September 12, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Cannon v. Comm. of Irs



Date:  September 12, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




Joseph E. Paige, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Patricia Roberts Harris, Etc., et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  September 12, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 178




Beckman Instruments, Inc. v. Technical Development Corp



Date:  September 12, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Charles Blasco and Donald Jennings, Defendants-appellees



Date:  September 12, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 681




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Milton Dean Batchelder, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 12, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 626




Brazil v. Sambo's Restaurant, Inc



Date:  September 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




William Kurek et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Pleasure Driveway and Park District of Peoria, Illinois, Etal., Defendants- Appellees



Date:  September 11, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 378




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. an Undetermined Quantity of an Article of Drug Labeled Asbenylin Cough Syrup, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 11, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 942




Sullivan v. Brierton



Date:  September 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 834




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Hector Gonzalez, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 8, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1162




Jackson v. Duckworth



Date:  September 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Walter Winston and Corrine Cummings, on Their Own Behalf Andon Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated,plaintiffs-appellants, v. United States Postal Service, Benjamin F. Bailar, in Hisofficial Capacity As Postmaster General, Emmett E. Cooper,jr., in His Official Capacity As Postmaster of the Chicagopost Office, American Postal Workers Union, Afl-cio,defendants-appellees



Date:  September 7, 1978
Citation: 
585 F.2d 198




Norman v. Smith



Date:  September 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




U. S. v. Desich



Date:  September 6, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Michael Stanley Waronek, Defendant-appellant



Date:  September 5, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1158




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Anthony Arroyo and Frank Sanchez, Defendants-appellants



Date:  September 5, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 649




Sec. & Exch. Commission v. Univest, Inc



Date:  September 5, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Partee v. Johnson



Date:  September 1, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




National Labor Relations Board, Petitioner, v. Knuth Brothers, Inc., Respondent



Date:  September 1, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 813




Eaton Corporation, Industrial Drives Operations, Richmonddivision, Plaintiff-appellee, v. International Association of Machinists and Aerospaceworkers et al., Defendants-appellants



Date:  August 31, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 254




American Railway Supervisors' Association et al., Petitioners, v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,respondents.commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Petitioner, v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,respondents



Date:  August 31, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1066




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. James Scott, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 31, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 362




Joyce Karp, Plaintiff-appellee, v. North Central Air Lines, Inc., Defendant, Third-partyplaintiff-appellant, v. Marsilje Agency, Inc., Third-party Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 31, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 364




Shearson Hayden Stone, Inc., and Hayden Stone, Inc.,plaintiffs-appellees, v. William H. Leach, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 31, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 367




Peterson Industries, Inc., Plaintiff-appellee, Cross-appellant, v. Lake View Trust and Savings Bank, Defendant-appellant, Cross-appellee



Date:  August 30, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 166




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Mitchell Edelson, Jr., Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 30, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1290




U. S. v. Rowe



Date:  August 30, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Marshall C. Moore, Petitioner-appellant, v. Jack P. Duckworth, Warden of the Indiana State Prison,respondent-appellee



Date:  August 29, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 639




Ludwig Fish and Produce, Inc. v. N. L. R. B



Date:  August 28, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Harry P. Hutul, Plaintiff-appellant, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 28, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1155




U. S. v. Senst



Date:  August 28, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




17 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1552, 17 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8537helen A. Cohen, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Illinois Institute of Technology, an Illinois Not-for-profitcorporation, James J. Brophy, John T. Rettaliataand Maynard P. Venema, Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 28, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 658




National Labor Relations Board, Petitioner, v. Sure-tan, Inc. and Surak Leather Company, Respondent



Date:  August 25, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 355




Wallace Davis, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Joseph Freels, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 25, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 337




Neil A. Ringquist, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Robert E. Hampton, Chairman, United States Civil Servicecommission, and the United States Civil Servicecommission, Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1138




Benjamin Moore & Co. v. Seaboard Surety Co



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Thomas Durso, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Charles Rowe et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1365




17 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1562, 17 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8578ronald Vergara et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Robert E. Hampton, Chairman of the United States Civilservice Commission, et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1281




17 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1461, 17 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8573wilbur L. Kephart, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Institute of Gas Technology, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1287




David Winters, Defendant-appellant, v. United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1152




17 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1513, 17 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8586in Re Consolidated Pretrial Proceedings in the Airline Cases.appeal of American Airlines, Inc., and Trans World Airlines, Inc



Date:  August 24, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1142




Phillips v. Lincoln National Life Ins. Co



Date:  August 23, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Scholl, Inc., Plaintiff-appellee, v. S. S. Kresge Company, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 22, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 244




Culligan Corporation, Formerly Doing Business As Culliganfyrprotexion, Inc., Plaintiff and Appellee, v. Transamerica Insurance Company, Defendant and Appellant



Date:  August 22, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 251




Jordan v. Wolke



Date:  August 22, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




United States of America Ex Rel. James Robinson, Petitioner-appellant, v. Thomas Israel, Warden, Joliet Correctional Center and Allynsielaff, Director of Corrections, Respondents-appellees



Date:  August 22, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1276




Alvin Jordan et al., Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Michael S. Wolke, Individually and As Sheriff of Milwaukeecounty, et al., Defendants-appellants



Date:  August 22, 1978
Citation: 
593 F.2d 772




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Miguel Santiago, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 22, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1128




Save the Dunes Council et al., Appellants, v. Clifford L. Alexander, Secretary of the Army, Appellee



Date:  August 21, 1978
Citation: 
584 F.2d 158




Sayles v. Evanston



Date:  August 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




U. S. v. Scruggs



Date:  August 21, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Mandley v. Quern



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Scot L. Robertson, Plaintiff-appellant, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1126




Maurice M. Larry, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Ray E. Lawler, Leland L. Walton, Jayne B. Spain, Lt.andolsek, Robert E. Hampton, Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
605 F.2d 954




Alex v. Barbour, Regional Director, Etc.,petitioner-appellant-cross Appellee, v. Central Cartage, Inc., Respondent-appellee-cross Appellant



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 335




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Mosinee Research Corporation and U. S. Pharmaceuticals,inc., a Corporation, and Albert C. Iwen, Douglas R. Evers,john M. Couture D/b/a Product Distributors Co., Joseph J.birkenstock, and Ralph D. Pennings, Individuals,defendants-appellants



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 930




U. S. v. Hawpetoss



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Keefe v. Bell



Date:  August 18, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Ralph M. Wynn, M.d., et al., Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Bernard Carey, State's Attorney for County of Cook,illinois, Etc., et al., Defendants-appellants



Date:  August 17, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1375




Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Kerr-mcgee Corporation, Noranda Mines Limited, Gulf Oilcorporation, Gulf Minerals Canada Limited, Andgetty Oil Company, Defendants-appellants



Date:  August 17, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 1311




A-1 Beverage Co., Inc. v. Barker



Date:  August 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Blackman v. Stanton



Date:  August 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Black v. Hunter Packing Co



Date:  August 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




Mills v. Electric Autolite Co



Date:  August 17, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




U. S. v. Parks



Date:  August 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




6 O.s.h. Cas.(bna) 1865, 1978 O.s.h.d. (cch) P 22,946in the Matter of Establishment Inspection of Blocksom Andcompany, a Corporation.appeal of Blocksom and Company.blocksom and Company, a Corporation, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Ray Marshall, Secretary of Labor, United States Departmentof Labor, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 16, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1122




Baker v. U. S. Bd. of Parole



Date:  August 16, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 833




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Geoffrey Disston, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1108




In Matter of Sotelo



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Betty Frankenthal, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1102




W. W. Grainger, Inc., Petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board, Respondent



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1118




Lamb's Patio Theatre, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Universal Film Exchanges, Inc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1068




Van Cranebrock v. Califano



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




U. S. v. Nevarez



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Collins H. Ferris and Bonnie Bach Ferris, Petitioners-appellees, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Respondent-appellant



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1112




17 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1358, 17 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8551burlington Northern, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant,andbrotherhood of Railway, Airline & Steamship Clerks, Etc.,intervening Plaintiff-appellant, v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Ethel Bent Walsh,commissioner, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Bruceelfvin, Senior Trial Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunitycommission, and Odas Nicholason, Assistant General Counsel,equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Defendants-appellees,andwilliam E. Mcbride and William H. Butler, Interveningdefendants-appellees



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1097




Margoles v. Ross



Date:  August 15, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Tallman-wenger, Inc. v. Dept. of Gen. Services



Date:  August 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




U. S. v. Blackwood



Date:  August 14, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Christison v. Peoples Svngs. & Loan Assoc. of Chillicothe



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Oscar Gruss & Son, Plaintiff-appellant, v. First State Bank of Eldorado and Philip Kane and Ralph W.choiser, Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 424




Glen Prophet, Petitioner-appellee, v. Jack Duckworth, Warden, Indiana State Prison, Respondent-appellant



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 926




Paper Converting Machine Co., Inc. v. Fmc Corp



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Smith v. Mundy



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




In Re Ingels



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




P. J. O'neill, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Public Law Board No. 550, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 692




James J. Reiherzer, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Daniel J. Shannon, and Central States, Southeast Andsouthwest Areas Pension Fund, Defendants-appellants



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1266




Smith v. Rowe



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




In the Matter of the Special April 1977 Grand Jury.appeal of William J. Scott, Witness



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 589




In the Matter of the Special February 1977 Grand Jury.appeal of United States of America



Date:  August 11, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1262




Mars Equipment Corporation, an Illinois Corporation,plaintiff-appellant, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 10, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 248




Hutter v. Faber



Date:  August 10, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Rosenthal & Company, Etc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. William T. Bagley et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 10, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1258




Stenographic Machines, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Regional Administrator for Employment and Training (a/k/aregional Manpower Administrator) of the Unitedstates Department of Labor, Defendant-appellee.mohammed Abdul Rahman, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Regional Administrator for Employment and Training (a/k/aregional Manpower Administrator) of the Unitedstates Department of Labor,defendant-appellee



Date:  August 10, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 521




National Labor Relations Board, Petitioner, v. Vantran Electric Corporation, Respondent



Date:  August 9, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 921




First Lakewood Associates, Limited Partnership, Secondlakewood Associates, Limited Partnership, Fifth Lakewoodassociates, Limited Partnership, and Sixth Lakewoodassociates, Limited Partnership, and Entrust Managementcompany, an Illinois Corporation, Joint Employers, Petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board, Respondent



Date:  August 9, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 416




Dr. Nicholas J. Capos, Plaintiff-counterdefendant/appellant, v. Mid-america National Bank of Chicago, a National Bankingcorporation, Defendant-counterclaimant/appellee



Date:  August 9, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 676




National Labor Relations Board, Petitioner, v. Key Motors Corporation, Respondent



Date:  August 9, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1388




Fed. Sec. L. Rep. P 96,531robert L. Bastian, on Behalf of Himself and All Otherssimilarly Situated, and As a Derivative Action Onbehalf of the Shareholders of Lakefrontrealty Corporation, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Lakefront Realty Corporation, an Illinois Corporation, Andjoseph N. Scanlan, an Individual, Defendants-appellees,andnorthwestern University, Intervening Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 9, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 685




John Vishnevsky and Margaret Vishnevsky, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. United States of America,* Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 9, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1249




Laporte Transit Co., Inc. v. U. S



Date:  August 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Schwartz v. State of Utah



Date:  August 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Wentworth T. Durant, Jr. and Susan B. Durant, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Olympic Savings and Loan Association, an Illinois Savingsand Loan Association, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 8, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1090




U. S. Ex Rel. Abeles v. Elrod



Date:  August 8, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Wentworth T. Durant, Jr., and Susan B. Durant, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Surety Homes Corporation, an Illinois Corporation,defendant-appellant



Date:  August 8, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1081




Chgo. & Western Rr Co. v. Icc



Date:  August 7, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Mcginness v. Icc



Date:  August 7, 1978
Citation: 
588 F.2d 832




Fulton Market Cold Storage Company, Plaintiff-appellant, v. P. J. Cullerton et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 7, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1071




Koehring Company, a Wisconsin Corporation, Plaintiff-appellant, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  August 4, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 313




Mrs. Marie Green, Administratrix of the Estate of Josephjones, Jr. (a/k/a Roscoe Simmons), and Next-of-kinof Joseph Jones, Jr., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Norman A. Carlson, Director, Federal Bureau of Prisons, Etal., Defendants-appellees



Date:  August 3, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 669




Reuben H. Donnelley Corporation, Plaintiff-appellant, Cross-appellee, v. Federal Trade Commission and Michael Pertschuk, Paul Randdixon, Elizabeth Hanford Dole, Calvin J. Collier and Davidclanton, Individually and As Members of the Commission,defendants-appellees, Cross-appellants



Date:  August 2, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 264




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Willie James Cooper, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 2, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 259




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Theodore C. Larson, Defendant-appellant



Date:  August 2, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 664




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Prince Page, Jr. and Robert Jones, A/k/a Old Man James,defendants-appellants



Date:  July 31, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 916




Chicago and North Western Transportation Company et al., Petitioners, v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,respondents.commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Intervenor



Date:  July 31, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1043




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Charles Fitzgerald, Alfred Kovach, Cornel Leahu, Charles W.schubert, and Ernest Hamilton, Defendants-appellants



Date:  July 31, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1014




S. J. Groves & Sons Company, a Corporation, and Associatedgeneral Contractors of Illinois, an Incorporatedassociation, et al., Plaintiff-appellees, v. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,warehousemen & Helpers of America, Local 627, Anunincorporated Association, et al.,defendants-appellants



Date:  July 31, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1241




U. S. v. Bd. of School Commissioners of the City of Indianapolis, Indiana



Date:  July 28, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1286




Smith v. Witkowski



Date:  July 28, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1286




Sjostrom v. Politser



Date:  July 28, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1286




Slotten v. National Trns. Safety Bd



Date:  July 26, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1286




Ronald R. Hutchinson, Plaintiff-appellant, v. William Proxmire and Morton Schwartz, Defendants-appellees



Date:  July 26, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1027




Merit Insurance Company, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Leatherby Insurance Company, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 26, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 137




Wisconsin Nipple and Fabricating Corporation, Petitioner-appellant, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Respondent-appellee



Date:  July 26, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 1235




John H. Hennessy, Jr., As an Individual and D/b/a Businesssystems and Service Company, a Proprietorship,plaintiff-appellee, v. Otis A. Schmidt, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 26, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 302




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Oscar Mancillas and Charles Lowry, Defendants-appellants



Date:  July 25, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 1301




Dave Gibson, Jr., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Alan J. Dixon, Defendant,andthe First National Bank of Lincolnwood, Defendant-appellee



Date:  July 25, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1071




Kenneth Lono, Petitioner-appellant, v. Charles E. Fenton, Warden, Marion Federal Penitentiary,respondent-appellee



Date:  July 25, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 645




Brincefield v. Kraftco Corp



Date:  July 24, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1286




U. S. v. Lasalle National Bank



Date:  July 24, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Persico v. U. S. Dept. of Justice



Date:  July 24, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1286




Patricia B. Hansen, Kathleen Barch, Joanne Bergmann and Marypeluso Fox, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Cessna Aircraft Company, Defendant-appellee



Date:  July 24, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 679




Hydroaire, Inc. v. Pump



Date:  July 21, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Paul v. Maintenance Coatings Co



Date:  July 21, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Robert Bomba and Annamarie P. Bomba, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. W. L. Belvidere, Inc., a General Partner Doing Business Ascandlewick Lakes Associates, a Partnership,defendant-appellee



Date:  July 21, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1067




C & W Super Markets, Inc., Petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board, Respondent



Date:  July 21, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 618




U. S. Ex Rel. Fultz v. Finkbeiner



Date:  July 20, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




In the Matter of Phillips Construction Company, Inc., Bankrupt.edward Limperis, Trustee, Plaintiff, v. First National Bank of Geneva et al., Defendants.lawyers Title Insurance Corporation, Defendant-appellant, v. American Engineering, Inc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  July 20, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 431




U. S. Ex Rel. Burks v. Brierton



Date:  July 19, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Burks v. Sielaff



Date:  July 19, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Trumbull Asphalt Co., Inc. v. N. L. R. B



Date:  July 19, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Lowe v. E. J. Brach & Sons



Date:  July 18, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Cleve Heidelberg, Jr., Plaintiff-appellant, v. Lawrence Hammer, Larry Gray, Robert Lee Watson, William Hilland Paul J. Hibser, Defendants-appellees



Date:  July 18, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 429




Caruth v. Pinkney



Date:  July 18, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Huginnie v. U. S. Dept. of Hud



Date:  July 18, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Kosla v. Veterans Administration



Date:  July 18, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Robert N. Kissell and Beverly J. Kissell, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Sheldon A. Breskow, Defendant-appellee



Date:  July 18, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 425




U. S. Ex Rel. Smith v. Warden, Menard Corr. Center



Date:  July 17, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Jesse James Ford, Iii and Marvin Louis Madden, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Manuel Carballo and Thomas Israel, Defendants-appellants



Date:  July 17, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 404




Julius Rappaport A/k/a Jerome Hirsh, Plaintiff-appellant, v. United States of America, Defendant-appellee



Date:  July 17, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 298




Roman R. Blenski, Petitioner-appellant, v. Bronson Lafollette, in His Capacity As Attorney General Forthe State of Wisconsin and Circuit Court,milwaukee County, Respondent-appellee



Date:  July 17, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 126




Duane Fagnan and Raymond Fagnan, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Great Central Insurance Company, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 17, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 418




John Mirabal and Sharon Mirabal, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. General Motors Acceptance Corporation, a Corporation, and Edmurphy Buick-opel, Inc., a Corporation,defendants-appellees



Date:  July 14, 1978
Citation: 
576 F.2d 729




U. S. Ex Rel. Hudson v. Brierton



Date:  July 14, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellant, v. David L. Calzada, Victor Crespolara, Gerald Dee Matthews,patrick Martin Whittaker, Richard Allen Whittaker, Eliseobalcazar-rangel, Maria De Los Angeles Reyes-de Balcazar,joel Tellez-romero and John Doe, Also Known As Luis(an Adultmale of Spanish Descent), Defendants-appellees



Date:  July 14, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1358




Central Wisconsin Bankshares, Inc., Petitioner, v. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Respondent



Date:  July 14, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 294




In the Matter of Phillips Construction Company, Inc., Bankrupt.edward Limperis, Trustee, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Thomas Martineck and Catherine Martineck et al., Includingvillage of Carpentersville, a Municipalcorporation, Defendants-appellees



Date:  July 14, 1978
Citation: 
583 F.2d 290




Paglini v. Police Bd. of the City of Chicago



Date:  July 13, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Gregory Micklus, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 13, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 612




Paul Bijeol, Plaintiff-appellant, v. William Nelson, Warden of the Metropolitan Correctionalcenter, and Capt. John Sullivan, Chief Security Officer,metropolitan Correctional Center, and the United States Ofamerica, Defendants-appellees



Date:  July 13, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 423




Luis Antonio Montes, Petitioner-appellant, v. Leo D. Jenkins, Warden, Indiana State Prison, Respondent-appellee.william F. Sanders, Petitioner-appellant, v. Jack Duckworth, Warden, Indiana State Prison, Respondent-appellee



Date:  July 13, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 609




Wen-jiuan Liu v. Regional Administrator for Employment and Traing. of U. S.dept. of Labor



Date:  July 13, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




U. S. v. Winstead



Date:  July 12, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Cole Hospital, Inc. v. Sec. of Health, Education and Welfare



Date:  July 12, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Arnetta Weatherspoon, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 12, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 595




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Howard Tucker, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 12, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 602




Jefferson Mem. Hosp. v. Califano



Date:  July 12, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1285




Central National Bank of Mattoon, Illinois v. Gordon



Date:  July 11, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




U. S. v. Arambasich



Date:  July 11, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Diamond Trans. System, Inc. v. U. S



Date:  July 11, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Sara v. Hunt



Date:  July 10, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Hunt v. Levitt



Date:  July 10, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Sara v. American Truck Leasing, Ltd



Date:  July 10, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




United States of America and Ray E. Shields, Special Agent,internal Revenue Service, Petitioners-appellants,cross-appellees, v. Robert Lenon, President of Lenon Service, Inc.,respondent-appellee, Cross-appellant



Date:  July 10, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 420




Anderson v. City of Chicago



Date:  July 10, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Stogner v. Essex International



Date:  July 10, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




U. S. v. King



Date:  July 7, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Geraldine Sterling et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Village of Maywood et al., Defendants-appellees



Date:  July 7, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1350




U. S. v. Ford



Date:  July 7, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




U. S. v. Carver



Date:  July 6, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Ronald W. Shepherd, Defendant-appellant



Date:  July 6, 1978
Citation: 
576 F.2d 719




Hennessy v. Hennessy



Date:  July 5, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




17 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1207, 17 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8418uniroyal, Inc., Plaintiff-appellant, v. F. Ray Marshall, Secretary of the Department of Labor, Andweldon J. Rougeau, Deputy Assistant Secretary and Directorof the Office of Federal Contractcompliance Programs, Andcecil D. Andrus, Secretary of the Department Oftheinterior,defendants-appellees



Date:  July 5, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1060




18 Fair Empl.prac.cas. 1059, 18 Empl. Prac.dec. P 8664minor v. Lakeview Hospital



Date:  July 5, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




U. S. v. Bd. of School Commissioners of City of Indianapolis, Indiana



Date:  July 3, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Twin Cities Mfg. Co., Inc., in the Matter of



Date:  July 3, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Lamberti, Appeal of



Date:  July 3, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Le Febre v. Randolph



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Martin Imports, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Courier-newsom Express, Inc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
580 F.2d 240




Eli Lilly & Co., Plaintiff-appellee, v. Elmer B. Staats, Comptroller General of the United States,and United States, Defendants-appellants



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
574 F.2d 904




Hamblin v. Bd. of Education of High School Dist. No. 215



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Jose L. Fernandez-guzman, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 1093




Velsicol Chemical Corporation, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Monsanto Company, Defendant-appellee



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1038




National Labor Relations Board, Petitioner, v. P.p.g. Industries, Incorporated, and Glaziers Union Local1204, Afl-cio, Respondents



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1057




United States Fire Insurance Co., Plaintiff-appellee, v. Judith A. Lay, Administratrix of the Estate of Robert O.lay, Deceased, et al., Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 421




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Andrew B. Carsello, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 30, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 199




U. S. Ex Rel. Cook v. Morris



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Rudowski v. Parkway Bank & Trust Co



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Gene Battle et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Clark Equipment Company, International Union, Unitedautomobile, Aerospace Andagricultural Implementworkers of America and Its Local No.1265,defendants-appellees



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1338




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Barry L. Mathis, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 415




U. S. v. Alanis



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Jose William Echevarria, Petitioner-appellant, v. Griffin Bell, Attorney General of the United States, Wardenw. R. Nelson, Metropolitan Correctional Center,and State of Illinois, Respondents-appellees



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 1022




U. S. v. Gonzales



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Mabel Vickers, Therese Fox, and Mildred Borkstrom,individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarlysituated, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Arthur F. Quern, Director, Illinois Department of Publicaid, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 685




N. L. R. B. v. Hospital Service Corp



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1284




Lammert Industries, a Division of Componetrol, Inc., Asubsidiary of I-t-e Imperial Corporation, Petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board, Respondent



Date:  June 29, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 1223




M. Ecker & Co. v. Argonaut Ins. Co



Date:  June 28, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Argonaut Ins. Co. v. D. Scholz & Corp



Date:  June 28, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellant, v. Ronald Steven Mendel, Kerry Lowell Gress and Elizabethreeves, Defendants-appellees



Date:  June 28, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 668




Caruth v. Burgess



Date:  June 27, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




U. S. v. Roberts



Date:  June 27, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Panda v. University of Illinois



Date:  June 27, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Fried v. Carey



Date:  June 26, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Uretsky v. Bowman



Date:  June 26, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Bernard Allen Fried et al., Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Bernard Carey Etc., Defendant-appellee



Date:  June 26, 1978
Citation: 
620 F.2d 591




U. S. v. Foster



Date:  June 26, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




United States of America Ex Rel. Tyrone Hall, Petitioner-appellant, v. Director, Department of Corrections of the State Ofillinois, Respondent-appellee



Date:  June 26, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 194




Norman Prellwitz, Petitioner-appellant, v. Loyal J. Berg and James Mathews, Respondents-appellees



Date:  June 26, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 190




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Harry S. Barnes, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 23, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 46




Mudd v. Busse



Date:  June 23, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Strusiner v. Board of Trade of City of Chicago



Date:  June 23, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Rains v. Truck Drivers, Oil Drivers, Filling Station and Platformworkers' Union, Local 705



Date:  June 23, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




American Hospital Assoc. v. N. L. R. B



Date:  June 23, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Orville S. Clavey, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 23, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 1219




Faris v. Fenton



Date:  June 22, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Smith v. Warden, Ill. State Pen. Stateville Correctional Center



Date:  June 22, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Peabody Coal Company and Old Republic Companies, Petitioners, v. Director, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs, Unitedstates Department of Labor, Respondent



Date:  June 22, 1978
Citation: 
581 F.2d 121




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. William M. Chaney, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 22, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 433




Shlensky v. Mercantile National Bank



Date:  June 21, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Celotax Corp. v. Jacuzzi Whirlpool Bath



Date:  June 21, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Franks v. Fenton



Date:  June 21, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Brookfield Tennis, Inc. v. Federal Deposit Ins. Co



Date:  June 21, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Rixson-firemark, Inc. v. Republic Industries, Inc



Date:  June 20, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Thiery M. Buege, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 20, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 187




Barasa v. Anderson



Date:  June 19, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




United States of America, Plaintiff-appellee, v. Ruben Arciniega, Juan Marquez, and Ted Arciniega,defendants-appellants



Date:  June 19, 1978
Citation: 
574 F.2d 931




U. S. v. Gonzales



Date:  June 19, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Maria A. Gilbert and Rosita C. Gilbert, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Braniff International Corporation, Defendant-appellee



Date:  June 19, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 411




Fed. Sec. L. Rep. P 96,483the Indiana National Bank and Merchants National Bank &trust Company of Indianapolis, Plaintiffs-appellants, v. Mobil Oil Corporation, Defendant-appellee



Date:  June 19, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 180




Estate of Helen Baker Jenner, Deceased and Continentalillinois National Bank and Trust Company Ofchicago, Executor, Petitioners-appellants, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Respondent-appellee



Date:  June 16, 1978
Citation: 
577 F.2d 1100




U. S. v. Campagna



Date:  June 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1282




Illinois Migrant Council and Roy Villarreal, Plaintiffs-appellees, v. Campbell Soup Company, Defendant-appellant



Date:  June 15, 1978
Citation: 
574 F.2d 374




Metropolitan Sanitary Dist. of Greater Chgo. v. Ingram Corp



Date:  June 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




O'keefe, Appeal of



Date:  June 15, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1283




Wolf v. Carey



Date:  June 14, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1282




U. S. v. Allen



Date:  June 14, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1282




U. S. v. Bean



Date:  June 14, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1282




Pablo Carreon, Petitioner-appellant, v. United States of America, Respondent-appellee



Date:  June 14, 1978
Citation: 
578 F.2d 176




U. S. v. Thomas



Date:  June 13, 1978
Citation: 
582 F.2d 1282




Earl Robinson, Plaintiff-appellant, v. John E. Bergstrom, Defendant-appellee



Date:  June 13, 1978
Citation: 
579 F.2d 401




1
2
Next











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Summaries 
                    of Seventh Circuit opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions

















Arthur J. Decio - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Arthur J. Decio
Board Member at Skyline Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Arthur J. Decio? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Arthur J. Decio's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Arthur J. Decio's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Arthur J. Decio's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Arthur J. Decio through your network of contacts.
												








Arthur J. Decio's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Skyline Corporation


Past
To view Arthur J. Decio's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
85

 
 


Arthur J. Decio's Biography




			Arthur J. Decio, age 85, has served as a Director of Skyline since 1959. Mr. Decio is a founder of Skyline and he has been involved in the leadership of Skyline since its inception. He served Skyline in a consulting capacity from September of 2001 until September of 2007. He brings unparalleled knowledge and experience in the manufactured housing industry and Skyline to his Board participation.
		
Source: Skyline Corporation on 08/19/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Arthur J. Decio's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Arthur J. Decio. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Arthur J. Decio's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Arthur J. Decio's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Arthur J. Decio through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Arthur J. Decio


















Arthur J. Decio's Connections (40)





Sign up now to view Arthur J. Decio's 40 connections »









David J. Vajda
Former Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Treasurer, NiSource Inc.









Robert C. Skaggs
Board Member, Cloud Peak Energy Inc.









Stephen P. Adik
Board Member, Northwestern Corporation









John W. Thompson
Chairman of the Board, Microsoft Corporation









Andrew J. McKenna
Former Chairman Emeritus, McDonald's Corporation









Jeffrey W. Grossman
Former Vice President and Controller, NiSource Inc.









William H. Lawson
Board Member, Skyline Corporation









Terrence M. Decio
Vice President, Marketing and Sales, Skyline Corporation









Carolyn Y. Woo
Board Member, Aon plc









Samuel W. Miller
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, NiSource Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Arthur Decio |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Arthur Decio Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Arthur Decio
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Arthur J. Decio, age 80, has served as a Director of Skyline since 1959. Mr. Decio is a founder of Skyline and he has been involved in the leadership of... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




1959


Skyline Corporation

Consumer Durables & Apparel

                                                United States










Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

   Arthur Decio | Skyline Corporation | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































