

DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS - PHILADELPHIA, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



PHILADELPHIA



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS
                                    



 





















D 


DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2005 MARKET ST FL 40 PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103
Get Directions



(215) 255-2127





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006, Delaware Group Foundation Funds has been providing Management Investment, Open-end from Philadelphia. Delaware Group Foundation Funds has estimated annual revenues of $140,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 5:00 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Delaware Management Business Trust. The fund is co-managed by Jackson Square Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its equity portion, the fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in investment grade and high yield debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and corporations. It emplo...
Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Delaware Management Business Trust. The fund is co-managed by Jackson Square Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its equity portion, the fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in investment grade and high yield debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and corporations. It employs a growth allocation with 80% investment in equity and 20% investment in fixed income securities. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with top-down and bottom-up security picking approach focusing on factors such as valuation measures, earnings expectations, cash flow, and balance sheet quality,  business conditions in the company's industry and its competitive position in that industry, size, valuation, growth, yield, and earnings consistency, attractive valuations, growth prospects, strong cash flow, a security price that reflects a market valuation that is judged to be below the estimated present or future value of the company, favorable earnings prospects and dividend yield potential, the financial condition of the issuer, capital structure, and industry position, together with economic, political, and regulatory conditions, current economic conditions, interest rates, job growth, and capital flows, company's financials, dividend growth rates, and management strategy to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. The fund was formerly known as Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Aggressive Allocation Portfolio. Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund was formed on December 31, 1997 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


2005 Market StreetOne Commerce SquarePhiladelphia, PA 19103-7094United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 215-255-2300

Fax: 215-255-2194

www.delawareinvestments.com/institutional-investors/products/institutional-class-shares/delaware-fou







Key Executives for Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund




Mr. Paul Grillo CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Dr. Sharon Hill Ph.D.


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Francis X. Morris


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Babak Zenouzi


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Jeffrey Sanford Van Harte CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Growth Allocation Fund, please visit www.delawareinvestments.com/institutional-investors/products/institutional-class-shares/delaware-fou.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 5:00 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Delaware Management Business Trust. The fund is co-managed by Jackson Square Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its equity portion, the fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in investment grade and high yield debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and corporations. It emp...
Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund is an open ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Delaware Management Business Trust. The fund is co-managed by Jackson Square Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its equity portion, the fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in investment grade and high yield debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government, its agencies or instrumentalities, and corporations. It employs a moderate allocation with 60% investment in equity and 40% investment in fixed income securities. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with top-down and bottom-up security picking approach focusing on factors such as valuation measures, earnings expectations, cash flow, and balance sheet quality,  business conditions in the company's industry and its competitive position in that industry, size, valuation, growth, yield, and earnings consistency, attractive valuations, growth prospects, strong cash flow, a security price that reflects a market valuation that is judged to be below the estimated present or future value of the company, favorable earnings prospects and dividend yield potential, the financial condition of the issuer, capital structure, and industry position, together with economic, political, and regulatory conditions, current economic conditions, interest rates, job growth, and capital flows, company's financials, dividend growth rates, and management strategy to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index and the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index. The fund was formerly known as Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Moderate Allocation Portfolio. Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund was formed on December 31, 1997 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


2005 Market StreetOne Commerce SquarePhiladelphia, PA 19103-7094United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 215-255-2300

Fax: 215-255-2194

www.delawareinvestments.com/institutional-investors/products/institutional-class-shares/delaware-fou







Key Executives for Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund




Mr. Paul Grillo CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Dr. Sharon Hill Ph.D.


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Francis X. Morris


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Babak Zenouzi


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Jeffrey Sanford Van Harte CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Delaware Group Foundation Funds - Delaware Foundation Moderate Allocation Fund, please visit www.delawareinvestments.com/institutional-investors/products/institutional-class-shares/delaware-fou.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS Trademark of DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC.. Serial Number: 75658838 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS










 
Get FREE email alerts













DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS  Trademark Information
 DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC.
Mutual fund investment services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
mutual   fund   investment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark by DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC. 
                                in Wilmington, , 19803.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC. of the DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark.
                           






On Thursday, March 11, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS by 
                        DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC., Wilmington 19803.
                        The USPTO has given the DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS 
                        trademark serial  number of  75658838.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS is 
                        
                        
                                            GLENN A. GUNDERSEN of 
                                            DECHERT PRICE & RHOADS,  4000 BELL ATLANTIC TWR, 1717 ARCH ST PHILADELPHIA PA  19103-2793
                                .
                            The DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS 
                            is Mutual fund investment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

2/28/2002






  Serial Number:  
75658838


  Filing Date:  
3/11/1999


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Mutual fund investment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/5/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, INC.Wilmington 19803
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("GROUP" and "FUNDS")


 Correspondent:


GLENN A. GUNDERSEN
DECHERT PRICE & RHOADS
4000 BELL ATLANTIC TWR
1717 ARCH ST
PHILADELPHIA PA  19103-2793





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/28/2002
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



GLENN A. GUNDERSEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search delawaregroupfoundat on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION F... 




DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS is providing Mutual fund investment services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




 

Mutual funds















































Financial advisors


Individual investors


Institutional investors










						About Macquarie
						


About Macquarie


Investor relations


Careers


Related sites


Contact


Site map




						International sites
						


Select a country:

Australia
Indonesia
South Africa
Austria
Ireland
Sweden
Brazil
Japan
Switzerland
Canada
Korea
Taiwan
China
Malaysia
Thailand
France
Netherlands
United Arab Emirates
Germany
New Zealand
United Kingdom
Hong Kong
Philippines
United States
India
Singapore






Account access login
 






×
Contact information








Phone: 

Internal: 
Phone:








×
Log in to your account









Email (username)





Password




                                Keep me logged in on this computer
                            




Log in 





Not registered?
Forgot password?



You can also log in to Delaware Investments financial advisors website using your LinkedIn account.
Or



Log in with LinkedIn 


When logging in with LinkedIn, you will briefly leave the Delaware Investments website. Delaware Investments is not responsible for the login page you are about to visit. Your browser will automatically return you to our site.




















Delaware Funds »Individual investors »Products »Mutual funds




    Mutual funds

Diverse products, focused research
Macquarie Investment Management offers a wide variety of mutual funds to suit an array of investment needs. 
Macquarie Investment Management's structure of distinct investment teams allows for a style-specific research effort tailored for each asset class and, we believe, provides for a deeper understanding of each company we research. In short, we believe that distinct research teams add significant value to the investment management process — by reducing risk.
Whether you're considering investing in Delaware Fundssm by Macquarie, or whether you're checking on a current investment, this section can help you. Detailed fund information, such as holdings, performance, and manager information can be found in one convenient location.

2017 Global Investment Outlook
The past year was full of change and surprises — from a worldwide chase for yield, to Brexit and the US presidential election. In our 2017 Investment Outlook, asset managers consider the challenges and provide perspective on what the year may bring across the investment spectrum.
Learn more


Click here for an update on a bankruptcy litigation matter affecting a security held by certain Funds.

Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, charges, and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses and their summary prospectuses, which may be obtained by visiting delawarefunds.com/literature or calling 800 523-1918. Investors should read the prospectus and the summary prospectus carefully before investing.
Consult your financial intermediary (which may be your financial advisor or other financial entity) to determine if investing in a fund is appropriate for your investment goals and time frame. It is the responsibility of your financial intermediary to help you determine if it is appropriate for you to invest in a fund, including the most appropriate share class to invest in, and to communicate such determination to us.

Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal.


Fund finder

Select a Fund
Delaware Asia Select Fund
Delaware Corporate Bond Fund
Delaware Diversified Income Fund
Delaware Emerging Markets Debt Fund
Delaware Emerging Markets Fund
Delaware Extended Duration Bond Fund
Delaware Floating Rate Fund 
Delaware Foundation® Conservative Allocation Fund
Delaware Foundation® Growth Allocation Fund
Delaware Foundation® Moderate Allocation Fund
Delaware Global Real Estate Opportunities Fund
Delaware Global Value Fund
Delaware Healthcare Fund
Delaware High-Yield Opportunities Fund
Delaware International Small Cap Fund
Delaware International Value Equity Fund
Delaware Investments Ultrashort Fund
Delaware Limited-Term Diversified Income Fund
Delaware Mid Cap Value Fund
Delaware Minnesota High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund
Delaware National High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund
Delaware REIT Fund
Delaware Select Growth Fund
Delaware Small Cap Core Fund
Delaware Small Cap Growth Fund
Delaware Small Cap Value Fund
Delaware Smid Cap Growth Fund
Delaware Strategic Income Fund 
Delaware Tax-Free Arizona Fund
Delaware Tax-Free California Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Colorado Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Idaho Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Minnesota Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Minnesota Intermediate Fund
Delaware Tax-Free New York Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Pennsylvania Fund
Delaware Tax-Free USA Fund
Delaware Tax-Free USA Intermediate Fund
Delaware U.S. Growth Fund
Delaware Value® Fund
Delaware Wealth Builder Fund

Asset classes

Alternative / specialty funds

Fixed income funds

Global/international equity funds

Multi-asset funds

US equity funds


Other information

Morningstar ratings (Class A shares) 
Lipper rankings (Class A shares)
Estimated capital gains
Proxy voting
How to invest with us
Corporate Governance Committee Charter
Audit Committee Charter













403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 





 DELAWARE GROUP FOUNDATION FUNDS (Form: 497, Received: 01/05/1998 15:43:02) 










One Commerce Square

Philadelphia, PA 19103



Delaware Group of Funds



DELAWARE



GROUP




1933 Act Rule 497(j)

File No. 333-38801

1940 Act File No. 811-8457


January 5, 1998



Filed via EDGAR (CIK #0001048133)





Securities and Exchange Commission


Document Control

450 Fifth Street, N.W.


Washington, D.C.  20549



Re:  File Nos. 333-38801 and 811-8457

Delaware Group Foundation Funds


Dear Commission:


In accordance with the provisions of Rule 497(j), under the Securities
Act of 1933, this is to certify that the forms of the Prospectuses and
Statement of Additional Information that would have been filed under
paragraph (c) of Rule 497 do not differ from those contained in Pre-
Effective Amendment No. 1, the most recent pre-effective amendment of
Delaware Group Foundation Funds. Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 was
transmitted electronically to the Commission on December 30, 1997 on
Form N-1A under the Securities Act of 1933, and was declared effective on
December 31, 1997.


Very truly yours,






/s/ Michael D. Mabry

Michael D. Mabry
Assistant Vice President/
Assistant Secretary/

Senior Counsel









