





Products - Delaware Life






























































Account Access







			  		[sharethis]			  	








Products



A BROAD ARRAY OF RETIREMENT INCOME SOLUTIONS DESIGNED FOR REAL-LIFE GOALS
We are dedicated to supporting you with valuable, straightforward solutions that help save for today and provide income for tomorrow. We partner with some of the world’s leading investment managers to bring you value and a diverse suite of fixed income choices to fit your individual, evolving goals.
Our product lines include variable annuities, fixed annuities, fixed index annuities, and variable life insurance. Delaware Life manages approximately 342,000 in-force annuity and life insurance policies representing $37.9 billion in assets under management and $13.5 billion of invested assets as of March 31, 2017.
Delaware Life Holdings, LLC (Delaware Life)* acquired the domestic U.S. annuity and certain life insurance businesses of Sun Life Financial, Inc. These valued policyholders are our foundation and we are dedicated to providing for their needs with improved support and service. 
Learn about our current products offerings:





Assured Income 7SM Fixed Index AnnuityAmericans are living longer than ever thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles. This is great news, but longer lifespans mean extra years in retirement. You may even spend more years in retirement than you have at work. You may need to plan for more financial resources to have the retirement lifestyle you envision.
 
Assured Income 7SM Fixed Index Annuity is a flexible and straightforward solution built to provide you with guaranteed lifetime income. Your annuity gives you the choice of simple crediting options to grow your money and competitive guaranteed income you can depend upon and plan around. Assured Income 7SM offers an excellent balance of predictable guaranteed income and competitive accumulation.
 
Key Benefits
Assured Income 7SM gives you sought-after guaranteed lifetime income and simple, attractive crediting options to grow your money.
 
Guaranteed Principal to Protect Your Retirement MoneyUnlike other retirement products, a fixed index annuity is not an investment in individual securities. So when the markets do poorly, your account is guaranteed to not drop in value. Both your investment and any interest it earns are protected from principal loss, by the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company.1
 

1If you withdraw your assets, your principal may be reduced by withdrawal and surrender charges, rider fees and a market value adjustment.


Choice of Indexes and Crediting Methods to Suite Your NeedsStraightforward options to grow your savings:
 

S&P 500® Index – Widely regarded as a premier benchmark for the domestic stock market.
Fixed Account – Credited with an interest rate that is current on the date the investment is effective.

You may elect more than one strategy and on each contract anniversary, you may reallocate your account value among the options available at that time.
 
For more detailed information on the index options and the crediting methods available, please see our Product Brochure.
 

The Standard and Poor’s 500® (“S&P 500®”) is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Delaware Life Insurance Company (“Delaware Life”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Delaware Life. Assured Income 7SM is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500®.


Guaranteed Lifetime Withdrawal Benefit with Fee Refund Feature
Assured Income 7SM comes with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit that provides income for the owner and spouse (if elected), even if the account (cash) value should go to zero. The benefit base will grow by a guaranteed 9% per year (roll-up bonus credit) for 10 years (roll-up bonus period) for an annual cost. The benefit base is the amount on which your lifetime income is calculated. The benefit base is not a cash or surrender value or death benefit and is not available as a lump sum. This feature means you’ll know what your lifetime income will be, so you can make plans with real information.
 
Fee Refund Feature
 
The guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit also includes a unique fee refund feature. After 10 years (or less if the annuity’s owner dies) 100% of rider fees paid (within the last 10 contract years) are eligible for a refund if:
 

Lifetime income is never started, and 
No withdrawals of any kind (including RMDs) are taken. 


Bailout Endorsement
Assured Income 7SM comes with a “bailout” provision, that provides full or partial withdrawals from the contract without a surrender charge or market value adjustment if, the renewal cap for the S&P 500® 1-year point-to-point strategy is below the bailout cap rate. A cap is the maximum interest your FIA can earn in a year. No allocation to the Index account is required to receive this bailout protection. This benefit is provided to the owner at no cost. See the disclosure statement for more details.

  
Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, as well as in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
  

For more information about Assured Income 7SM,   contact us  or download our Product Brochure or Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.

 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
Retirement Stages 7® Fixed Index AnnuityA long retirement could afford you the time to do the things you never had the chance to do while you were working, raising a family and paying a mortgage. You know that you’ll need the means to realize that goal, so you’re looking for the opportunity to continuously grow your savings while protecting it from market losses.
 
The unique features of Delaware Life’s Retirement Stages 7® Fixed Index Annuity give you conservative income potential, including optional riders that provide guaranteed lifetime income and a return of your premium payments free of surrender charges.1 You have a choice of index options available only from Delaware Life.  The flexibility of Retirement Stages 7® is designed to adapt to your needs through all the stages of your life – growing your savings while working, protecting your savings and providing reliable retirement income.
 

1Optional riders are available for an additional fee, subject to state availability and restrictions and limits apply.

 
Key Benefits
Retirement Stages 7® gives you flexibility and control to plan for the stages of your life your way with:
 Guaranteed Principal to Protect Your Retirement MoneyUnlike other retirement products, a fixed index annuity is not an investment in individual securities. So when the markets do poorly, your account is guaranteed to not drop in value. Both your investment and any interest it earns are protected from principal loss, by the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company.1
 

1If you withdraw your assets, your principal may be reduced by withdrawal and surrender charges, rider fees and a market value adjustment.


Choice of Indexes and Crediting Methods to Suit Your NeedsChoose from an unusual, well thought-out selection of investment options and crediting methods designed to meet your evolving needs and goals:
 

CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure between the CROCI Sectors Index, which invests in the 10 most undervalued stocks from each of the three most undervalued global industry sectors, and a cash component, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure across equities, gold, interest rates and cash based on their trailing nine month performance, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
S&P 500® Index – Widely regarded as a premier benchmark for the domestic stock market.
Fixed Account – Credited with an interest rate that is current on the date the investment is effective.

 
You may elect more than one strategy and on each contract anniversary, you may reallocate your account value among the options available at that time. For more detailed information on the index options and the crediting methods available, please see our Product Brochure.
 

This Product (the “Product”) is not sponsored, endorsed, managed, sold or promoted by Deutsche Bank AG (DB AG) or any subsidiary or affiliate of DB AG.  The Deutsche Bank Indices are the exclusive property of DB AG.  “Deutsche Bank” and “CROCI” are proprietary marks of DB AG and its affiliates that have been licensed for certain uses and purposes to Delaware Life Insurance Company (DLIC).  Neither DB AG, CROCI, nor any affiliate of DB AG, nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Deutsche Bank Indices: (1) is acting in a fiduciary or product management capacity or providing any endorsement of the Product or investment advice of any kind; (2) has any obligation to take the needs of DLIC, the sponsor of the Product, or its clients into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Deutsche Bank Indices; (3) is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, quantities or valuation of the Product; (4) WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE DEUTSCHE BANK INDICES OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN OR THE ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR TRADING OF THE PRODUCT.  The CROCI Indices have been built on the premise that the CROCI Economic P/E is an effective indicator of inherent value. This premise may not be correct, and prospective investors must form their own view of the CROCI methodology and evaluate whether CROCI is appropriate for them. Please see the Disclosure Statement and Annuity Illustration for more information about the Deutsche Bank Indices and the Product.
Obligations to make payments under the Product are solely the obligation of Delaware Life Insurance Company and are not the responsibility of DB AG.  The selection of one or more of the Deutsche Bank Indices as a crediting option under the Product does not obligate Delaware Life Insurance Company or DB AG to invest annuity payments in the components of any of the Deutsche Bank Indices.
The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee.
While volatility controls may result in less fluctuation in rates of return as compared to indices without volatility controls, they may also reduce the overall rate of return as compared to products not subject to volatility controls.

 

There are risks associated with the CROCI methodology, the CROCI Sectors III Index and the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control (“CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC”) Index:

No assurance can be given that the CROCI methodology will be successful at identifying undervalued companies;
There is no assurance that (i) the three industry sectors chosen will outperform the other industry sectors or (ii) the 30 chosen stocks will outperform the remaining stocks in the component indices;
Even if the strategy of the CROCI Sectors III Index is successful and it outperforms the component indices, the level of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may decline;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to a maximum notional exposure of 100% to the CROCI Sectors III Index and will not adjust its exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index by more than 10% on any day, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may not be able to maintain a fixed target volatility level of 5.5%;
If the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors III Index is less than 5.5%, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may have a 100% exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index, but a target volatility level less than 5.5%;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC’s exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index on each day is calculated based on the historical realized volatility the CROCI Sectors III Index, the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC could differ significantly from the target volatility level;
The CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to currency exchange rate risk; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, may adjust the Index and/or its components in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.


 

There are risks associated with the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index (the “Index”) and the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator Index (the “Momentum Index”):

The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee;
On any day, the actual realized volatility of the Index could be significantly higher or lower than the target volatility of 5.5%;
There is no assurance that the strategy of the Momentum Index will be successful, and it may decline in value even if successful. Past performance of the Index is not indicative of future results; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, the Momentum Index and the Momentum Index’s underlying indices, may adjust such indices in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.


 

The Standard and Poor’s 500® (“S&P 500®”) is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Delaware Life Insurance Company (“Delaware Life”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Delaware Life. Retirement Stages 7® is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500®.


Options for Lifetime IncomeTake your retirement income as you choose:
 

Free withdrawal amounts
Periodic withdrawals
Annuity payments
Guaranteed withdrawals with an optional, affordable Stacked Accumulation Income Rider® (STAIR®) provides guaranteed lifetime income for you and your spouse, even if your Account Value should go to zero.


Return of Premium RiderThe optional Return of Premium Rider is available for an additional fee. You may surrender at any time prior to the Annuity Date – without surrender charges – and receive at least 100% of the premiums you paid (minus applicable prior withdrawals).
Access to Indexes Sponsored By a Global LeaderAccess the indexes sponsored by a leading global provider of financial services when you choose the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index and Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index. Founded in 1870 and headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Deutsche Bank is the largest bank in Germany and one of the largest financial institutions in the world. As of December 31, 2014, the firm manages $2.1 trillion in assets and has more than 90,000 global employees, operating in 71 countries around the world. The company also offers the sales, trading and structuring of a wide range of financial markets’ products including index-based swaps, notes and certificates.
 

“Deutsche Bank” means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies, as context requires. Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice and information in this communication should not be regarded as such.


Bailout EndorsementRetirement Stages 7® comes with a “bailout” provision, which provides full or partial withdrawals from the contract without a surrender charge or market value adjustment if the renewal cap for the S&P 500® 1-year point-to-point strategy is below the bailout cap rate. A cap is the maximum interest your FIA can earn in a year. No allocation to the Index account is required to receive this bailout protection. This benefit is provided to the owner at no cost. See the disclosure statement for more details.

 
Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, as well as in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 
For more information on Retirement Stages 7®,  contact us  or download our Product Brochure or Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.

 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
 
Retirement Chapters 10® Fixed Index AnnuityYou’re planning for a long retirement and need reliable income to do the things you have planned. You want the best of both worlds: upside potential with downside protection. We understand the challenges you face preparing for retirement. You want a solution that delivers good value, protects your principal and helps you grow assets so you can count on lifetime income.
 
The unique features and flexibility of Delaware Life’s Retirement Chapters 10® Fixed Index Annuity give you the security of principal protection, upside potential linked to the performance of the index(es) you choose, tax-deferred growth and predictable income. We can’t tell you where your story will take you, but we can help you be prepared.
 
Key Benefits
Retirement Chapters 10® gives you flexibility and control so you can plan for the next chapters of your life your way with:
 
Guaranteed Principal to Protect Your Retirement MoneyUnlike other retirement products, a fixed index annuity is not an investment in individual securities. So when the markets do poorly, your account is guaranteed to not drop in value. Both your investment and any interest it earns are protected from principal loss, by the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company.1
 

1If you withdraw your assets, your principal may be reduced by withdrawal and surrender charges, rider fees and a market value adjustment.


Choice of Indexes and Crediting Methods to Suit Your NeedsChoose from an unusual, well thought-out selection of investment options and crediting methods designed to meet your evolving needs and goals:
 

CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure between the CROCI Sectors Index, which invests in the 10 most undervalued stocks from each of the three most undervalued global industry sectors, and a cash component, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure across equities, gold, interest rates and cash based on their trailing nine month performance, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
S&P 500® Index – Widely regarded as a premier benchmark for the domestic stock market.
Fixed Account – Credited with an interest rate that is current on the date the investment is effective.

You may elect more than one strategy and on each contract anniversary, you may reallocate your account value among the options available at that time. For more detailed information on the index options and the crediting methods available, please see our Product Brochure.
 


This  Product (the “Product”) is not sponsored, endorsed, managed, sold or promoted by Deutsche Bank AG (DB AG) or any subsidiary or affiliate of DB AG.  The Deutsche Bank Indices are the exclusive property of DB AG.  “Deutsche Bank” and “CROCI” are proprietary marks of DB AG and its affiliates that have been licensed for certain uses and purposes to Delaware Life Insurance Company (DLIC).  Neither DB AG, CROCI, nor any affiliate of DB AG, nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Deutsche Bank Indices: (1) is acting in a fiduciary or product management capacity or providing any endorsement of the Product or investment advice of any kind; (2) has any obligation to take the needs of DLIC, the sponsor of the Product, or its clients into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Deutsche Bank Indices; (3) is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, quantities or valuation of the Product; (4) WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE DEUTSCHE BANK INDICES OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN OR THE ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR TRADING OF THE PRODUCT.  The CROCI Indices have been built on the premise that the CROCI Economic P/E is an effective indicator of inherent value. This premise may not be correct, and prospective investors must form their own view of the CROCI methodology and evaluate whether CROCI is appropriate for them. Please see the Disclosure Statement and Annuity Illustration for more information about the Deutsche Bank Indices and the Product.
Obligations to make payments under the Product are solely the obligation of Delaware Life Insurance Company and are not the responsibility of DB AG.  The selection of one or more of the Deutsche Bank Indices as a crediting option under the Product does not obligate Delaware Life Insurance Company or DB AG to invest annuity payments in the components of any of the Deutsche Bank Indices.
The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee.
While volatility controls may result in less fluctuation in rates of return as compared to indices without volatility controls, they may also reduce the overall rate of return as compared to products not subject to volatility controls.

 

There are risks associated with the CROCI methodology, the CROCI Sectors III Index and the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control (“CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC”) Index:

No assurance can be given that the CROCI methodology will be successful at identifying undervalued companies;
There is no assurance that (i) the three industry sectors chosen will outperform the other industry sectors or (ii) the 30 chosen stocks will outperform the remaining stocks in the component indices;
Even if the strategy of the CROCI Sectors III Index is successful and it outperforms the component indices, the level of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may decline;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to a maximum notional exposure of 100% to the CROCI Sectors III Index and will not adjust its exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index by more than 10% on any day, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may not be able to maintain a fixed target volatility level of 5.5%;
If the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors III Index is less than 5.5%, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may have a 100% exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index, but a target volatility level less than 5.5%;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC’s exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index on each day is calculated based on the historical realized volatility the CROCI Sectors III Index, the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC could differ significantly from the target volatility level; 
The CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to currency exchange rate risk; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, may adjust the Index and/or its components in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.



There are risks associated with the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index (the “Index”) and the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator Index (the “Momentum Index”):

The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee;
On any day, the actual realized volatility of the Index could be significantly higher or lower than the target volatility of 5.5%;
There is no assurance that the strategy of the Momentum Index will be successful, and it may decline in value even if successful. Past performance of the Index is not indicative of future results; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, the Momentum Index and the Momentum Index’s underlying indices, may adjust such indices in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.



The Standard and Poor’s 500® (“S&P 500®”) is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Delaware Life Insurance Company (“Delaware Life”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Delaware Life. Retirement Chapters 10SM is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500®.



Premium Bonus Added to Your First-Year Investments Delaware Life will boost your retirement savings by adding a 5% bonus to all premiums you pay during the first year of the contract.
Options for Lifetime IncomeTake your retirement income as you choose:
 

Free withdrawal amounts
Periodic withdrawals
Annuity payments
Guaranteed withdrawals with an optional, affordable Stacked Accumulation Income Rider® (STAIR®) provides guaranteed lifetime income for you and your spouse, even if your Account Value should go to zero.


Access to Indexes Sponsored By a Global LeaderAccess the indexes sponsored by a leading global provider of financial services when you choose the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index and Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index. Founded in 1870 and headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Deutsche Bank is the largest bank in Germany and one of the largest financial institutions in the world. As of December 31, 2014, the firm manages $2.1 trillion in assets and has more than 90,000 global employees, operating in 71 countries around the world. The company also offers the sales, trading and structuring of a wide range of financial markets’ products including index-based swaps, notes and certificates.
 

“Deutsche Bank” means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies, as context requires. Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice and information in this communication should not be regarded as such.


 
State Availability
Retirement Chapters 10® is currently approved for sale in all States EXCEPT*: CT, NM, NY.

*Effective 1/1/17

 
Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, as well as in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 

For more information on Retirement Chapters 10®,  contact us  or download our Product Brochure or Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.

 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
 
Pinnacle MYGASM A Multi-year Guaranteed Fixed AnnuityPinnacle MYGASM is a single-premium deferred fixed annuity with multiple guarantee periods. It offers a simple, guaranteed way to build retirement assets without the principal risk typically associated with stocks, bonds or mutual funds.
 
Key Benefits
Pinnacle MYGASM offers these advantages:
 
Guaranteed, fixed interest ratesYou can choose one of multiple guarantee periods to align with your specific needs and get a fixed rate of interest for the period you select.
Protection of principalYour principal and interest are guaranteed as long as you hold your contract for the length of the guarantee period.
Tax-deferred growth, until you take withdrawalsYou do not pay any taxes on earnings until you take withdrawals so your money can grow faster. Deferring taxes could be even more beneficial if you are in a lower tax bracket when you make your withdrawals as a retiree.
Lifetime Income OptionsYou can choose the income option that fits your needs: payments for your entire lifetime or payments over the lifetime of you and a co-annuitant.
Death BenefitPinnacle MYGASM provides a death benefit is equal to the account value at the time the benefit is paid.
Market Value AdjustmentIf you make a withdrawal prior to the end of the interest guarantee period you may be subject to a market value adjustment that reflects changes in interest rates that may occur between the times the guaranteed interest rate began and when the withdrawal is taken.

For more information on Pinnacle MYGA℠,  contact us  or download our Product Brochure (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.
 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
 


Delaware Life Independence Universal LifeSM (independence ulSM)

Exclusively for members of the SEED My Future Association, Inc. independence ulSM is an innovative group universal life insurance policy for members age 18 to 49 designed to help build long-term savings, while providing important insurance protection.
 
Key Benefits
With independence ulSM, SEED My Future Association, Inc. members can take advantage of the tax benefits unique to a life insurance policy to get:

Protection that lasts your entire lifetime
The potential to build equity—or cash value—that grows tax deferred and can be used to help meet your financial goals

Flexibility to control the amount and frequency of your payments, subject to policy minimums1


For more information on independence ulSM or the SEED My Future Association, Inc. visit www.seedmyfuture.com or download our
Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability may vary by state.


1Policy limitations include a $100 minimum payment, a limit on additional premium payments if they would prevent your certificate from meeting the definition of life insurance, and a requirement that increases in your monthly premium payment are subject to evidence of insurability.









Product Documentation Center
First, choose a product line from the drop-down list. Once a product line is selected,
                you will be given a list of products to choose from. After you select a product, follow the
                link to see a list of available documents for that product.

Product Line:



Product:





{{productCtrl.selectedProduct.productName}}
Product documentation can be found at this link.
Where available, documentation includes product prospectus, underlying fund prospectuses and annual reports, and product fund performance.


Fund Availability Tool for {{productCtrl.selectedProduct.productName}}
A fund availability tool is provided to assist you in identifying sub-accounts available to include Designated Funds and BYOP where applicable.
The tool can be found here.
Fund Availability Tool User's Guide











 * Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York is authorized to transact business in New York and Rhode Island.  Both companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies.  Each company is responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.

 






Back to top





















Home - Delaware Life

















































Account Access





SEE OUR EXPANDED PRODUCT PORTFOLIO DESIGNED TO MEET A BROAD RANGE OF NEEDS 

			  		[sharethis]			  	


                            If you need help registering for account access... click here for detailed instructions.
			








Our Company
We are committed to serving you with good financial stewardship and sensible solutions to help realize your financial goals.
More About us


Products
Retirement Chapters 10® is a flexible premium fixed index annuity that protects principal from market losses while offering the opportunity to earn interest based on the performance of a stock market index. It adds a 5% bonus on your first-year premium payments, and has an option to guarantee growth in your income base (available for an additional cost—subject to state availability—restrictions may apply).
Assured Income 7℠ is a flexible premium deferred fixed index annuity that provides predictable lifetime income and a guaranteed 9% annual simple interest roll-up during the first 10 contract years. It offers a bailout endorsement and a fee refund feature at no additional cost (subject to state availability—restrictions may apply).
Retirement Stages 7® is a flexible premium deferred fixed index annuity that offers protection from market losses and the opportunity to earn interest based on the performance of a stock market index. Optional benefits, available for an additional cost, can guarantee growth in your income base and guarantee return of your premium payments without surrender charges (subject to state availability—restrictions may apply).
Pinnacle MYGA℠ is a multi-year guaranteed fixed annuity that offers a way to build retirement assets without the principal risk typically associated with stocks, bonds, or mutual funds.
More About our products







Delaware Life News



July 17, 2017
A.M. BEST AND STANDARD & POOR’S AFFIRM  DELAWARE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY RATINGS

Insurer ratings services A.M. Best and Standard & Poor’s have affirmed their financial strength ratings for Delaware Life Insurance Company and Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York (collectively, “Delaware Life”).  Read more 




August 24, 2016
Delaware Life Reaches $1 Billion in 2016 Annuity Sales

Delaware Life Insurance Company has achieved an important milestone for new annuity sales. Read more 










Contact Us
We are here for you. Policyholders or distributor partners can contact our call center at 1-877-253-2323 between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. ET. 
More Contact Information




Career Opportunities
Our people are at the core of what we do at Delaware Life. If you have the skills and want to work for a company that will value and challenge you, please review our current openings. 
View Job Postings









Back to top
























   Sun Life Financial - Home - Annuities
























Sun Life Financial


			United States
		

			Choose a location
		

Looking for information about Sun Life and our affiliated companies in your area? 
			Select your country below to travel to a website for information specific to your region.

Worldwide

www.sunlife.com

Bermuda
www.sunlife.com/bermuda
Canada

www.sunlife.ca
www.mcleanbudden.com
www.sunlifeglobalinvestments.com

China
www.sunlife-everbright.com
Hong Kong
www.sunlife.com.hk
India

www.birlasunlife.com
www.sunlife.com/asiaservicecentre



Indonesia

www.sunlife.co.id
www.cimbsunlife.co.id

Ireland
www.sunlife.ie
Philippines

www.sunlife.com.ph
www.sunlifegrepa.com
www.sunlife.com/asiaservicecentre

United Kingdom
www.sloc.co.uk
United States

www.sunlife.com/us
www.mfs.com





Life insurance








Home
			|
		

Get to know us
			|
		

Site map
			|
		

Talk to us










  
































ATTENTION ANNUITY PRODUCERS
Effective October 2, 2015, annuity contract information is no longer available on this website. Beginning October 5, 2015, please visit www.delawarelife.com for more information, or call 877-253-2323, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. EST.






Delaware Life issues and administers policies, contracts and certificates through Delaware Life Insurance Company (Wellesley Hills, MA) in all states except New York, and in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S.Virgin Islands. In New York, policies and contracts are issued by Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York (New York, NY). These companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies and are not affiliated with Sun Life Financial.
Annuities are long-term financial vehicles designed for retirement purposes. Variable annuities are subject to market fluctuation, investment risk, and possible loss of principal.
You should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of an investment in a variable annuity. The prospectus contains this and other important information. Please read the prospectuses for the variable annuity product (Masters; Masters NY) and the underlying investment options carefully before investing or sending money.
Guarantees are based on the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company. Guarantees do not apply to the performance or safety of amounts held in the variable sub-accounts. Products and features may not be available in all states.
NOT FDIC/NCUA INSURED - MAY LOSE VALUE - NO BANK/CREDIT UNION GUARANTEE -NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY.

SLPC 22609 (10/15) (Exp. 10/17)


  
  ©
  2017 
  	Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.). All rights reserved.  
	
		
		legal | privacy | security





















Delaware Life — ImmediateAnnuities.com



























Home
Need Help? 800-872-6684
About
Contact















MENU


Ask an Expert 800-872-6684



Serving 30,000 Clients –Online Since 1996–


400+ Customer Reviews








The Easiest Way To Buy Your Annuity Directly

1. Call Us (800) 872-6684
Or email one of our friendly annuity specialists. We'll go through a short questionnaire with you to prepare and mail your application.


2. Review and Sign Your Application
The application you receive is prefilled, and we highlight where you need to sign. You can always call us with any questions.


3. Return Your Application
Use our free overnight service for maximum safety and speed. We'll keep you updated from beginning to end.


4. Watch Your Money Grow
You'll get a contract from the insurance company guaranteeing the terms of your annuity, so you can rest easy and enjoy life.





Insurance Company Information



Delaware Life Insurance Co.
Member of the Sun Life Assurance Co. of Canada
Home Office:
Delaware Life Insurance Co.One Sun Life Executive ParkWellesley Hills, MA 02481
Product BrochuresMulti-Year Guarantee Annuity



Founded in 2013
A-AM Best Rating
BBBS&P Rating
Baa2Moody's Rating
$36Bin assets
$1.6BCapital & Surplus
18.1%Capital & Surplus to Liabilities

Call 800-872-6684 today to get the Delaware Life application




To buy your annuity call 800-872-6684







	Delaware Life





























Product DocumentsProduct ProspectusProduct SAIFund Performance

Regatta Platinum Variable Annuity




Underlying FundsSummary ProspectusStatutory ProspectusStatement of Additional InformationAnnual ReportSemi-Annual Report

MFS VIT Blended Research Core Equity Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Core Equity Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Corporate Bond Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Global Governments Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Global Growth Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Global Research Portfolio Intitial Class

MFS VIT Global Tactical Allocation Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Growth Series Initial Class

MFS VIT High Yield Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT II Government Securities Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT II International Growth Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT II International Value Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT II New Discovery Series Initial Shares

MFS VIT II Strategic Income Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT II Technology Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Massachusetts Investors Growth Stock Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Mid Cap Growth Series Initial Class

MFS VIT Research International Portfolio Initial Class

MFS VIT Total Return Series Initial Class

MFS VIT U.S. Government Money Market Portfolio Initial Class 

MFS VIT Utilities Series Initial Class

MFS VIT Value Series Initial Class


Not all funds may be available for investment under your contract.








Delaware Life Registration Page









 
 




Access the Delaware Life Marketing & Procurement Center
Please enter a valid email address and click submit.You may then immediately enter as a general user.We'll also send you a password and login credentials to createand store your own personalized preferences on subsequent visits.

Please turn off Caps Lock



First Name*:



Last Name*:



Email*:



Phone*:



Company Name*:



Address 1*:



Address 2:



Address 3:



City*:



State*:

--Select--
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
ME
MD
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY




Zip*:



Distribution Channel:


---Select---
Independent Agents IMO/FMO
Banks




Choose Agent Affiliation or Firm…
Advisor's Excel
Crump Insurance Services
DMI Marketing
Dressander BHC
ECA Marketing
Financial Independence Group
Futurity First Insurance Group
Gradient
Impact Partners
Wealthvest
Zenith Marketing


Choose Role…
Agent
IMO/FMO Marketer
IMO/FMO Back Office




Choose Agent Affiliation or Firm…
Advisor's Excel
Annuity Source
Asset Marketing Systems
Creative One
Crump Insurance Services
Davis Financial Services Holding
DMI Marketing
Dressander BHC
ECA Marketing
Financial Independence Group
FSC
Futurity First Insurance Group
Gradient
Insurance Media Services
Imeriti
Impact Partners
PKS Financial Services
Royal Alliance
Sagepoint Financial
SureWest
Wealthvest
Woodbury
Zenith Marketing


Choose Role…
Agent
IMO/FMO Marketer
IMO/FMO Back Office




Choose Broker/Dealer…
BB&T Bank
Bankers and Investors
Carson Bank
Central Bank
Citizen's Investment Services
Community America
CUSO/Sorrento
First Bank
First Citizens
Hancock Bank
Infinex Investments
Key Investment Services
Midwood
Peoples Security Bank & Trust
United Brokerage
TD Bank


Choose Role…
Advisor
Back Office
Wholesaler








Please e-mail me rate, product and important Delaware Life updates.






