

Louis Denaples                                                                                                           - Moscow                                            , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Moscow



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Louis Denaples
                                    



 





















L 


Louis Denaples                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



301 SPENCER RD MOSCOW, PA 18444
Get Directions



(570) 877-0106
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,777.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Louis Denaples                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Louis Denaples                                                                                                           is located at 301 Spencer Rd in Moscow and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2005. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Flood trucks lead to DeNaples probe - The Morning Call



















































PHOTOS: Agents organize exclusive showing of seven luxury Lehigh Valley homes





Severe weather alert in Philadelphia and Delaware counties.July 21




Flood trucks lead to DeNaples probe



Matt BirkbeckOf The Morning Call




Trucker Richard Rothstein thought he'd found a bargain.Rothstein bought a Freightliner Columbia tractor in December 2005 for $75,000 from DeNaples Auto Sales in Dunmore, Lackawanna County. The truck, which typically sold for $125,000 or more, had come from New Orleans, where it was parked when Hurricane Katrina devastated the city in August 2005.It was one of 30 bought with a check signed by Louis DeNaples, the controversial owner of Mount Airy Casino ResortRothstein says he was told by Dunmore Repair, which handled the sale for DeNaples Auto Sales, that floodwaters reached only halfway up the tires and that the vehicle had not been damaged by the storm. The truck came with a full warranty and a clean title. The odometer read 132 miles.

''It was spotless and looked like it was in great condition,'' Rothstein, the owner of Rothy's Inc. near Scranton, said in a recent interview.But three months after Rothstein bought the truck, its engine caught fire. And when Rothstein brought the rig in for repairs, he learned that his truck and the 29 others had been submerged during Katrina and sold as salvage to DeNaples Auto Sales for $6,000 each by LeasePlan USA of Georgia. Pennsylvania State Police, acting on a referral from the FBI, began investigating the case early last year as possible ''title washing'' of the Hurricane Katrina trucks, which were purchased with a $180,000 DeNaples Auto Sales check, according to Ralph Periandi, a former deputy commissioner for the state police. A law enforcement source said the investigation remains open.Title washing, a felony offense, entails dealers buying flood-damaged vehicles, cleaning them and selling them in different states without disclosing the damage on the vehicle's title, as required by law.

State police spokesman Jack Lewis and spokeswoman Cpl. Lynette Quinn did not return calls for comment on the Katrina-related probe.Thirty years ago, DeNaples pleaded no contest to defrauding the federal government of more than $500,000 for cleanup work associated with another natural disaster, Hurricane Agnes.DeNaples currently faces four perjury counts for allegedly lying to Pennsylvania gaming regulators to obtain a slots license for Mount Airy in Monroe County. DeNaples has proclaimed his innocence.The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, after learning about DeNaples' involvement with Rothstein and the Katrina trucks from its investigators, referred the matter to the Department of State, which licenses auto dealers. The department concluded there was no fraud in the titling of the trucks. The board then awarded DeNaples a slots license in December 2006.The trucks were one of several issues involving DeNaples brought before the board before its vote. Among them: allegations of ties to organized crime. The board's duty was to determine whether DeNaples was suitable to hold a slots license, as per state gaming law.Tad Decker, the former gaming board chairman, said the board looked ''thoroughly'' at the Katrina truck matter. ''We had suspicions it might be something,'' Decker said, ''but it turned out not to be an issue.''A DeNaples spokesman, Kevin Feeley, said ''a considerable amount of evidence was presented to the gaming board and they concluded, correctly, that there is no basis for any claim that these trucks were bought or sold in any improper way or titled in any improper way.''Feeley also insisted that the trucks were not ''salvage vehicles, no matter what is said.''The trucks were leased by Air Products and Chemicals of Trexlertown, and they were parked at an Air Products facility in New Orleans when Katrina struck. The trucks were submerged in the subsequent flooding that devastated New Orleans, so the leasing company, LeasePlan USA, asked Air Products to help find someone to buy them as salvage.''We have a fleet of trucks, and we know people out there who are interested in buying [damaged] trucks, and we contacted them. Our sales documents clearly identified the trucks as being water-damaged,'' said Art George, an Air Products spokesman.One of those contacted was Louis DeNaples, who offered $180,000 for the trucks, said George Astraukas, a LeasePlan USA vice president. DeNaples first wrote a check from Keystone Landfill Inc., which DeNaples owns. But that check was rejected because it had to come from a licensed auto dealer, said Astraukas, so DeNaples issued and signed a check from DeNaples Auto Sales.After buying the trucks, DeNaples was required to report them to the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation as ''water-damaged,'' Astraukas said. PennDOT brands such vehicles with a ''W'' on state titles. The title on Rothstein's truck, obtained by The Morning Call, shows no such ''W.''''We thought [he] would sell them as salvage,'' said Astraukas, confirming that all 30 trucks had been under water. ''But he didn't, apparently.''The truck drove ''beautifully'' the first few months, Rothstein said, but after Rothstein developed a cough, he hired a driver to cover him while he traveled to Florida to convalesce.''I planned to take a month off,'' he said, ''but then I got a call that the truck caught fire and came back.''Rothstein said he took the truck to a repair shop and was told the ''full warranty'' given by Dunmore Repair had been voided long before he bought the vehicle. Air Products had sent a letter to the manufacturer, Freightliner, noting the vehicle's damaged condition when it was sold to DeNaples, said George, the Air Products spokesman, and Freightliner subsequently had voided the warranty.Without the warranty, Rothstein said his insurance company agreed to pay the $5,000 in repairs. But when mechanics removed the dashboard, Rothstein said they found dead salamanders and dried mud. They also found mold throughout the cabin.''They did a mold test and there was mold everywhere,'' Rothstein said.Irate, Rothstein said he threatened to sue, and Dunmore Repair repurchased the truck for $68,000. Rothstein's truck along with other flood trucks are parked in a trucking company lot off Interstate 81 near Pittston, Luzerne County.After learning of the truck, investigators for the Gaming Control Board subpoenaed and deposed Rothstein in summer 2006, months before the board awarded DeNaples a slots license. Along with his testimony, Rothstein supplied the investigators with documentation showing his truck was sold with a full warranty from Dunmore Repair and clear title from DeNaples Auto Sales. The title was signed by DeNaples' brother Dominick.

Former gaming board chairman Decker said the board referred the matter in fall 2006 to the Department of State. The gaming board dismissed the incident, he said, after the department reported it ''didn't have any proof there was anything illegal.''The department responded to The Morning Call's questions with a statement issued by spokeswoman Catherine Ennis:''The positive evidence uncovered by the department indicated that there were no fraudulent representations by either the DeNaples Brothers or Dunmore Repair. The purchasers were aware that the vehicles were damaged in a flood. The DeNaples brothers were not involved directly in the sale of the vehicles to the complainants.''Ennis declined further comment, referring questions to PennDOT, which handles vehicle titling. A PennDOT spokeswoman, Danielle Klinger, said PennDOT ''does not comment on individual cases.''The FBI investigated, interviewing Rothstein, Air Products and LeasePlan USA before determining there were no federal criminal violations. Vehicle titling is a state function.''We did look at the 'exploding Katrina truck' and had the Northern District of New York take a look at it and they issued a declaration based on the lack of federal venue since it involvedtitling,'' said Jerria Williams, an FBI spokeswoman in Philadelphia.Williams said the U.S. attorney in Binghamton, N.Y., was assigned the case because of a conflict involving Thomas M. Marino, the former U.S. attorney in Scranton. Marino had recused himself after notifying the Department of Justice that he was a reference on DeNaples' slots application. Marino resigned in October and now works as an in-house attorney for DeNaples.DeNaples' attorney, Richard Sprague of Philadelphia, said he ''never even knew'' the FBI investigated the Katrina truck incident. ''We never got an inquiry from the FBI or any indication of interest,'' Sprague said.The FBI referred the case to the state police, after which PennDOT finally branded the truck a ''flood vehicle'' in May 2007.There are roughly 500,000 certified flood vehicles from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, said Frank Scafidi, a spokesman for the National Insurance Crime Bureau, a nonprofit agency operated by the insurance industry.A flood vehicle is identified as being ''completely or partially submerged in water to the extent that its body, engine transmission or other mechanical component parts have been damaged,'' according to the crime bureau. Because of the flooding, many of the vehicles eventually develop electrical problems and catch fire, as Rothstein's truck did, said Scafidi.''We recognize that the opportunity for this kind of title washing is bigger than it's ever been,'' Scafidi said. ''But it's not a federal crime. More often than not these are state violations regarding misrepresentation of a title.''More than two years after buying the truck, Rothstein says he's suffering from a number of health issues, including an ever-present cough, which he blames on the mold in the truck.''Right before I spoke to the FBI, I called Air Products and spoke to their chief mechanic, who said he traveled to Louisiana right after the hurricane and was floating around the trucks in a rowboat,'' Rothstein said. ''He said they were submerged in toxic water.''Reporters Kevin Amerman and Christina Gostomski contributed to this story.

Copyright
            © 2017, The Morning Call
 Vehicles Meteorological Disasters Justice System eSports Floods and Flooding Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. FBI












STORIES: Mount Airy Casino coverage





















BreakingSportsObitsBiz CycleArts & EntE-NEWSPAPERClassifiedsInsider Guide88°

















Louis A Denaples - Scranton, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Louis A Denaples in Scranton, PA


Louis A Denaples

                                                                           Intelius found that Louis A Denaples  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Scranton, PA.  We have connected them to
                23 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Louis A Denaples is in his 70s

Louis Has Lived In

Scranton, PA
Moscow, PA
Gouldsboro, PA

Louis's Relatives

Dominica Denaples
Charles Denaples
Betty Denaples
Joseph Denaples







Louis A Denaples



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chairman at First National Community Bancorp Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Louis? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Louis, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Louis A Denaples
Get a Criminal Check on Louis A Denaples
Get a Public Record Report on Louis A Denaples
Get a People Search Report on Louis A Denaples


Louis A Denaples's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Louis A Denaples has lived as well as Louis A Denaples's phone numbers and email addresses.




Louis A Denaples Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Louis A Denaples


113 B*** S* 

Scranton, PA


Has Lived In

Scranton, PA
Moscow, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Louis A Denaples

(570) ***-**** - Scranton, PA 
(570) ***-**** - Scranton, PA 
(570) ***-**** - Scranton, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Louis A Denaples

l*******s@***.com
l***********s@***.net
l************s@***.com


Get Email Report




Louis A Denaples's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Louis A Denaples's academic history.  Find out which schools Louis A Denaples attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Louis A Denaples received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Louis A Denaples Has Attended 1 School
Dunmore High School 1954 – 1958                              


Louis A Denaples's Professional Information
Information regarding Louis A Denaples's professional history.  Find out previous places Louis A Denaples has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Louis A Denaples Has Worked at 13 Places
Company: First National Community Bancorp Inc
               Title: Chairman
Company: Denaples Auto Parts Inc
               Title: President
Louis A Denaples's Experience
Title: Chairman
               Company: First National Community Bancorp Inc
Job Details
               First National Community Bancorp, Inc. is a financial holding company of First National Community Bank (the Bank). The Company’s primary activity consists of owning and operating the Bank, which provides customary retail and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses. The Bank provides many commercial banking services to individuals and businesses, including Image Checking and E-Statement. Consumer loans include both secured and unsecured installment loans, fixed and variable rate mortgages, jumbo mortgages, home equity term loans and lines of credit and Instant Money overdraft protection loans. The Bank’s primary source of funds is its deposit base. The deposit products offered include standard checking, savings and certificate of deposit products, as well as a variety of preferred products for higher balance customers.(Source: 10-K). First National Community Bancorp, Inc. is the bank holding company of First National Community Bank, which provides personal, small business and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses throughout Northeastern Pennsylvania. The institution was established as a National Banking Association in 1910 as The First National Bank of Dunmore, and has been operating under its current name since 1988.
Title: President
               Company: Denaples Auto Parts Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. "Our goal at DeNaples Auto Parts is to provide you with original manufactured parts, along with excellent services and great savings. Since 1925, our customers have depended on us for quality used and reconditioned parts. I invite you to visit or call us today...so we may provide you with the parts you need.". Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100.
Additional Professional Information on Louis A Denaples

 See Louis A Denaples's LinkedIn Profile



Louis A Denaples's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Louis A Denaples


Louis A Denaples's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Louis A Denaples's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Louis Denaples
Username Matches

                  LouisDenaples
                  DenaplesLouis
                  Louis.Denaples
                  Denaples.Louis
                  Louis_Denaples
                  Denaples_Louis
                  Louis-Denaples
                  Denaples-Louis
                  LDenaples
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Denaples







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.





















































 DeNaples' rags-to-riches story marred by 1978 guilty plea, rumors of mob ties - News - poconorecord.com - Stroudsburg, PA




































							Log In
						





1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month







Print + Online Subscriber Activation
Register


Subscribe
















NewsSportsEntertainmentLifeObituariesClassifiedsE-EditionAutosJobsReal Estate





























Subscribe



































DeNaples' rags-to-riches story marred by 1978 guilty plea, rumors of mob ties







Thursday
Jan 31, 2008 at 12:15 AM
Jan 31, 2008 at 1:42 AM




Few insiders bet against Scranton-area businessman Louis DeNaples when he bought the shuttered and decaying Mount Airy Lodge resort for $25 million and declared his intention to enter Pennsylvania's budding slot-machine casino industry.

				MICHAEL RUBINKAM
			
Few insiders bet against Scranton-area businessman Louis DeNaples when he bought the shuttered and decaying Mount Airy Lodge resort for $25 million and declared his intention to enter Pennsylvania's budding slot-machine casino industry.DeNaples, 67, had just about everything going for him: He was powerful, wealthy and well-known in northeastern Pennsylvania. He had given lavishly to politicians of all stripes. And his main competitor for a highly coveted slots license was an interloper from New Jersey.So it was hardly unexpected when the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board gave its unanimous approval to DeNaples in December 2006, awarding him a license after what it called an "extensive investigation" into his background.But now that a grand jury has accused DeNaples of lying to the board about his relationship with a pair of reputed mobsters, the owner of the $412 million Mount Airy Casino Resort is under fresh scrutiny — as is the process by which Pennsylvania was supposed to shield its newest industry, slots, from organized crime."This particular license has been fraught with problems from the very beginning," said Rep. Doug Reichley, R-Lehigh, a slots critic. "It has raised a lot of concerns about the manner in which the license was awarded."The gaming board has said that its background investigation of DeNaples turned up nothing to indicate he was of "unsuitable character" to own a casino.Indeed, he came with a sparkling resume.From humble beginnings (his family couldn't afford to send him to college), DeNaples built an empire that includes two landfills, an auto parts store, and interests in banking, real estate, garbage disposal, heavy equipment and scores of other businesses.He has said he owns and operates nearly 100 businesses. His land holdings are vast. He's held seats on a number of boards, including Blue Cross of Northeastern Pennsylvania.DeNaples is also a philanthropist, donating large sums to Scranton Preparatory School — where he sent his seven children — the University of Scranton, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Scranton, the United Way and many other charitable and nonprofit institutions.The lone blemish on his record, a felony conviction from 1978, did not disqualify him from getting a casino license under state gaming law because it was more than 15 years old. Gambling regulators did not even take note of it when they filed their official "adjudication" explaining their reasons for giving DeNaples a license.But that case has long provided fodder for speculation about DeNaples' alleged ties to the underworld.Prosecutors said DeNaples, who supplied heavy equipment to Lackawanna County to clean up damage from Tropical Storm Agnes in 1972, plotted with three county employees to falsify records to obtain $525,000 in federal reimbursements.DeNaples was tried for fraud, but the trial ended in a hung jury when one juror — whose husband had been bribed by a reputed mobster — held out for acquittal. DeNaples subsequently pleaded no contest to a conspiracy count, paid a $10,000 fine and spent three years on probation.An FBI investigation later revealed that James Osticco, alleged underboss of the Bufalino crime family of northeastern Pennsylvania, bribed the holdout juror's husband with $1,000, a set of tires and a pocket watch to influence his wife's vote.Osticco was convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison. DeNaples himself was never accused of wrongdoing and he denied having any knowledge of jury tampering.DeNaples' supporters say he has long since redeemed himself for a 30-year-old mistake.Sal Cognetti Jr., the former assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted DeNaples, recently acted as a character witness on his slots application."You judge a man by his whole life, not something that happened 30 years ago and I think when you judge Mr. DeNaples by his whole life, he is an honorable person," Cognetti told the gaming board in October.But while DeNaples has been able to put his Agnes woes behind him, he has been less successful at shaking persistent rumors about the mob.Some of the information connecting DeNaples to the Mafia is contained in old reports by the Pennsylvania Crime Commission. The state agency investigated organized crime and public corruption, but wielded no prosecutorial power and was disbanded in 1994 amid criticism that it treated rumor and hearsay as fact.Commission reports from the 1980s said that William D'Elia, a reputed member of the Bufalino crime family of northeastern Pennsylvania, sold space at DeNaples' Keystone Sanitary Landfill. Informants later alleged that DeNaples paid "protection money" to D'Elia.According to a 2001 federal affidavit, one informant claimed that DeNaples and D'Elia met weekly for many years and that "DeNaples has become a rich man through D'Elia's contacts in New York and New Jersey."While under law enforcement surveillance, D'Elia was twice spotted visiting DeNaples Auto Parts in Dunmore, according to the affidavit, which was filed in support of a search warrant for D'Elia's car and home. DeNaples was not charged, nor were his properties targeted for searches.Prosecutors said DeNaples also lied to the gaming board when he denied any connection to the late Russell Bufalino, a notorious mob boss from Scranton who died in 1994 at age 91.Bufalino was said to have helped organize the infamous 1957 summit of Mafia bosses in Apalachin, N.Y., which was broken up by police. A Senate subcommittee once called him "one the most ruthless and powerful leaders of the Mafia in the United States." D'Elia, who once served as Bufalino's driver, allegedly took control of the remnants of Bufalino's organization in the early 1990s.Rep. Paul Clymer, R-Bucks,  an outspoken gambling critic, says DeNaples political connections were the No. 1 factor in getting a gambling license.Campaign finance reports show that DeNaples has given heavily to Republicans and Democrats alike, pouring more than $500,000 into Pennsylvania politicians' coffers in 2004 and 2005 alone. Among the recipients of his largesse was Senate Democratic Leader Robert J. Mellow of Lackawanna County, who twice appointed people to the gaming board with at least indirect ties to DeNaples.













SUBSCRIBE NOW







Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery.


            Learn More
        




















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




Products | Denaples Auto Parts Dunmore, PA 18512 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeAutomobile Parts & Supplies near Dunmore, PADenaples Auto PartsProductsDenaples Auto Parts400 Mill St, Dunmore, PA 18512(570) 346-7673View Business DetailsProducts"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishAuto Repairs GeneralTowing ServiceWhether it’s an unfortunate accident, a flat tire, a dead battery or you just ran out of gas, DeNaples Towing will be there with fast, courteous service to help you.Send to PhoneDenaples Auto Parts400 Mill St, Dunmore, PA 18512(570) 346-7673Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailDenaples Auto Parts400 Mill St, Dunmore, PA 18512(570) 346-7673Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




The Last Resort - Philadelphia Magazine


































































 


















Search …





















The Last Resort

By admin  |  October 25, 2007 
















comment on this post



 




WITH SYMBOLISM THAT WAS RIPE AND THICK AS THE MOUNTAIN LAUREL IN JUNE, THE OLD POCONOS DIED NEAR THE END OF LAST CENTURY WITH A SINGLE GUNSHOT WOUND TO THE HEAD.
The victim was Emil Wagner, a 77-year-old immigrant from Czechoslovakia who on a November night stepped into the bathroom of a white mansion just up the hill from the resort complex called Mount Airy Lodge, where he’d spent most of his life. Begun as a small boardinghouse in 1936 by his favorite aunt, Suzanne Martens, and her husband John, Mount Airy had grown — “metastasized” might be a better word — into a sprawling agglomeration of more than 800 rooms on 1,200 acres. For decades it had represented everything that the Pocono Mountains could be — good and bad. 
It was glamorous and gaudy. It was sylvan yet shabby. But for several generations of East Coast city dwellers, Mount Airy epitomized the vast 2,400-square-mile rural vacationland in which it was just a small glittering dot. It was a so-called super-resort, its afternoons scheduled solid with games and contests, and its nights reserved for showroom entertainment and frolicking in the quintessential heart-shaped tubs. 
For years, the regular ritual in the white mansion on the hill was a cocktail party to welcome that weekend’s headliner — ­everyone from Bob Hope to Engelbert Humperdinck performed in Mount Airy’s Crystal Room in the ’60s and ’70s. The soiree would be hosted, even after she had handed over control of the resort to her three nephews, by Suzanne Martens, the “First Lady of the Poconos,” who would let her guests gather in the marbled entry foyer before she paraded down the long, curving central staircase in gown and jewels. “Very Sunset Boulevard,” the redoubtable television personality Joe Franklin remarked once. 
Like most declines, the death of Mount Airy happened first slowly and then all at once. Over several decades, air travel got cheaper, and a mere car ride to the mountains didn’t seem like a real vacation anymore. The owners bet on growth at the exact wrong time, borrowed big to build a new hotel wing, and were subsequently crushed under heavy debt just as an economic recession hit. 
Things got bad quickly. 
People who knew Emil Wagner well were aware of a subtle and ready sense of humor, but also a strong streak of pride. As he placed the barrel of the 38-caliber handgun to his head that night, Wagner was hours away from a dreaded trip to the Monroe County Courthouse, where he would be forced, after years of tiptoeing on the edge of insolvency, to give up his resort. 
“Emil knew he was going to lose the resort, and it was like losing his child,” says a friend. “He didn’t have any family or any kids, so unfortunately, that was the end of him, too.” Squeezing the trigger, Emil Wagner chose to die before Mount Airy did. 
EIGHT YEARS HAVE GONE by since Wagner’s death and the symbolic demise of the old Poconos. This fall, what could become a shiny symbol for the new Poconos emerges with the opening of the renamed Mount Airy Casino Resort, an expensive bet by a media-shy mogul that the future of the mountain vacationland can be secured by tens of thousands of slot-machine players. A completely rebuilt Mount Airy, designed to become a kind of Borgata-among-the-trees, ushers in a new industry — one that might have saved the old Mount Airy had it come sooner.

The man behind the revival — a junk magnate from the Scranton area named Louis DeNaples — knows a little something about turning broken-down wrecks into money mines. In his own version of a classic Horatio Alger story, DeNaples — who grew up poor, one of nine children — tells the tale of buying a junked car for $18 when he was a teen, literally shouldering it up the steep hills to his house over the course of two days, then stripping off every piece that he could sell. He gave some of the profit to his family, bought another junker, and repeated the process, many, many times. As the years passed and he married and started his own large family (seven kids eventually), DeNaples built a thriving kingdom of junk, one that was reportedly good for $5 million per year.
But that was just his starter company. Somewhere along the way, Louis DeNaples had the astute business revelation that there could be untold riches in handling stuff that people threw away. In the late ’80s he opened the Keystone Sanitary Landfill just outside Scranton, at the conjunction of two highways that led to the great garbage manufacturers: New Jersey and New York to the east, and Philadelphia to the south. The landfill made DeNaples even richer. He’s now estimated to be worth $750 million.
In the dark days of Mount Airy’s decline, Emil Wagner and his cousins had approached this nearby deep-pocketed businessman with a plea to help them survive.
“We knew Mr. DeNaples; he was a dear friend of the family,” says Frank Martens, one of Suzanne Martens’s nephews, who divided the responsibilities of running Mount Airy. Could DeNaples help the family get out from under its debt? “We really wanted it to happen, but at that time it wasn’t feasible for him,” Martens remembers.
Things changed. In 2004, soon after Pennsylvania politicians legalized gambling in the state, DeNaples bought the boarded-up Mount Airy for $25 million. A few months later, he sold everything salvageable at a two-day auction attended by tens of thousands of people, many of whom showed up fueled by nostalgia for the old resort.

DeNaples soon unveiled plans for a new Poconos resort with gambling at its heart-shaped heart. Leaving aside the pesky detail that he needed to apply and compete for one of a small number of gaming licenses, the fabulously wealthy junk man announced that he would spend — he, alone; there were no outside investors listed — about $400 million to build a 200-room high-end hotel with 2,500 slot machines. And that was just the start. Later development would add 200 more hotel rooms, conference facilities, and space for even more slot machines. Future plans envision homes and townhouses clustered around little themed village squares, all adding up to a possible price tag of $1.2 billion. DeNaples started building before he was awarded a license.
This certainly isn’t John and Suzanne Martens’s Poconos, though the man who will run the Mount Airy casino operations, Philadelphia native (and Atlantic City veteran) Joe D’Amato, says he’s confident the new Mount Airy will come to symbolize the Poconos as strongly as the old resort. 
Yet even before the old Mount Airy entered its final decline, the Poconos had begun a huge transformation, experiencing more than a decade-long growth spurt that has changed the nature of the region in ways that are both annoyingly obvious and subtle but significant. There are now traffic jams on what were once quiet country roads. A construction boom helped create jobs, but also sent taxes spiraling upward. With tens of thousands of new homes planned for the coming years, the strange urbanization of this once rural retreat will continue, raising a crucial question posed recently by the Poconos’ daily newspaper: Will you still want to live here?
Or visit? For a while it seemed that the ubiquitous advertising slogan Emil Wagner spent so much to spread could be transferred easily to Louis DeNaples — the once-poor kid from Scranton seemed poised to become “the new host with the most in the Poconos.” But as events played out this summer and insinuations of unsavory affiliations in DeNaples’s past led to a grand jury investigation that raised the specter of him losing his gaming license, it appeared that Louis DeNaples — who doesn’t smoke, drink or gamble — might be the high roller with the most to lose.
FOR MORE THAN A MONTH in the late days of summer, I drove around the Poconos, stopping at inns and resorts, restaurants and offices, trying to get an idea of what the hell was going on here. On a few trips, I just drove, realizing the immense size and diverse nature of a region where one trip can take you from a beautifully renovated 19th-century inn in quaint Milford to a nudist colony in more hardscrabble Palmerton; or from the whiny-motorboat-and-Jet-Ski-covered Lake Wallenpaupack to a calm canoe on the Delaware River at the Water Gap. 

I thought I knew the Poconos. Like Louis DeNaples, I grew up nearby, in Scranton. I’ve hiked in the parks here, boated and swum in the lakes and pools, performed as a musician in a number of the honeymoon resorts. Somewhere there’s a photo of me cavorting in one of the two-story-tall Jacuzzis built to look like champagne glasses. Ten years ago, I spent months looking in vain for a permanent weekend house here. Now, a decade later, the Poconos seemed both mundanely familiar and startlingly changed. So I went to see the man they call “Mr. Poconos” for a briefing.
Robert Uguccioni was about to retire as executive director of the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau after four decades in the job. He’s a squat, bearish guy with a gruff friendliness. And he’s quite a talker, one who, considering his long career as a promoter, is surprisingly frank. He began by telling me that just five or six years ago, “We were closing more places than we were opening. We had a lot of issues — time-share issues, quality of product. We had a tacky image, with the heart-shaped tubs and the champagne towers that became a symbol of tackiness and Old Resort.”
That image had already led some in the region’s tourism business to form a kind of breakaway republic on the Poconos’ northeast corner, where the renegades envisioned a more upscale and eco-friendly vacation area that they were calling the Upper Delaware River Region. And a few resorts to the northwest — including a posh new destination spa near Hawley — didn’t mention the Poconos at all in their marketing, preferring to be in what they called the “Lake Region” of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Poconos bristled a bit at the thought of a secessionist movement. Prospects have turned for the better recently, Uguccioni insisted, and ran through a litany of new projects on the books, from a spate of family-friendly water-park resorts to some new non-tourism businesses. “I think we’re at a point right now that the future looks bright,” he said early in our long conversation. “But there are some real issues here.”
We were sitting in a renovated brick building on Main Street in Stroudsburg, the seat of Monroe County, a county whose population increased nearly 75 percent over the past 17 years. In Pike County, just next door, the population more than doubled over the same period.
Uguccioni calls it “urban crawl,” but “urban rush” is probably a better way to describe what happened. About 15 years ago, developers and builders started buying ads in the New York media promising middle- and lower-income New Yorkers crushed by high rents and a hopelessly expensive metro real estate market the chance to grab the good life in the country. Homes could be had for a fraction of the prices near New York; the mortgage payments would barely exceed city rents, in even the unfashionable boroughs. And because the Poconos were less than 90 miles away, you could keep your higher-paying city job and commute. 
“You see those ads in the newspaper that you can own a home for $895 a month,” says Mario Scavello, the state representative in the newly created 176th Legislative District in the Poconos, himself a 1986 refugee from the Bronx. “You’re renting in New York and you say, ‘Wow, what a deal! I’ll make the commute.’” After Scavello moved his family to Mount Pocono, he commuted up to six hours a day for years.

But for a lot of those city transplants, the Poconos have turned out to be anything but the promised land. Before the current nationwide lending crisis, Monroe County seemed to be a test market for predatory lending practices, and there were many stories of inflated home appraisals, fudged mortgage applications, and any number of deceptions. A spike in foreclosures — over a recent 10-year period, a fifth of the homes in Monroe County were in foreclosure at one time or another — has prompted prosecutions, studies, hearings and, no doubt, untold suffering. 
Whoever was to blame, it’s becoming clear that the mountains have been changed by the influx of urbanites, many of them city-bred minorities entering a previously homogenous rural area. And the peculiar circumstances created by a commuting culture — that daily six hours of driving isn’t uncommon — is starting to change the rather innocent nature of the region. Folks who brought their children to the country for a nice home, good schools and a better life are hardly ever home to see their kids. 
So with a lot of teenagers spending a lot of unsupervised time without transportation in rural communities — the kids are said to call their cozy country homes “green prisons” — the need for some connection has led to what local police describe as a noticeable surge in gang activity, like tagging and initiation crimes. “We have people moving in who are great people and really help the economy of this area,” Bob Uguccioni told me. “But they bring some of the problems of the cities with them.”
About a week before I went to visit Uguccioni, I was driving through the area and picked up a copy of the Pocono Record, the region’s top newspaper. The lead story told of three very urban-style crimes that had happened in the Poconos the previous day: an armed robbery at an ATM; a spray of 9mm bullets at a housing development with the innocent-sounding name of Pocono Farms East (no one was hit); and the arrest of 12 adults, after a seven-month sting operation, on charges of intent to deliver drugs including marijuana, cocaine and crack. What really struck me after reading the story was the resigned and ironic nature of the headline: ALL IN A DAY’S CRIME. 
I called the woman who wrote the story, Susan Koomar, the Record’s senior managing editor, and we met for lunch not far from the site of the ATM robbery.
“I hate to be too negative,” said Koomar, “but we’re at this point where we kind of have the worst of a rural area — no infrastructure, really limited public water and public sewers, bad roads, not enough social services — and we really have the worst of the city: crimes increasing, traffic, issues that we’re not equipped to deal with.”

The editor had brought along her colleague Howard Frank, and over the course of lunch they tried to make sense of their adopted home, but eventually decided it was impossible. “Right now,” Koomar said, “it’s schizophrenic around here.” They told stories of local township officials who wore camouflage hunting caps to official meetings where they dealt with multimillion-dollar development proposals presented by big-city lawyers in fancy tailored suits. There was a tale of a family living in a development with the idyllic name “A Pocono Country Place” who felt the need to hire a bouncer for their daughter’s Sweet 16 party. Reportedly, after the bouncer was stabbed in an altercation, nobody — not even the parents — would help the police.
And then there were the really crazy things that happened recently. 
Last May, a cell of six suspected terrorists was arrested in a rented home on Big Bass Lake and charged with planning to attack Fort Dix and kill soldiers. Then, in July, a huge police force mobilized near Mount Pocono to search for two men who were suspects in the shooting of two New York City policemen. In the midst of the manhunt, a New York Times reporter wrote a story speculating that the Poconos had somehow become the kind of place to which the kind of people who shoot cops would run. Both men were caught in the woods not far from Mount Pocono.
“We’ve always said ‘Escape to the Poconos,’” Bob Uguccioni said, “but that’s not what we meant.” 
LOUIS DENAPLES has said that he looked all over the state when he was searching for a site for his casino. Ultimately, he came back to the Poconos because it was an established resort area near his hometown, and, as he told a panel of regulators, “It needs to be picked up.” (DeNaples declined to be interviewed for this article.)
After he announced his plans to pump nearly half a billion dollars into a rural county, DeNaples was met with little local opposition, probably because the Governor and legislators had the good sense to promise that most of the gaming tax revenues would be dedicated to property tax relief.
But DeNaples needed more than the goodwill of the locals; he had to convince a seven-member panel to give him a license. He was competing with 13 other casino proposals from around the state, including one from the new owner of an old-line resort called Pocono Manor, just down the road. The Scranton businessman went on what for him was a charm offensive.
Over the years, as his empire grew (there are now some 90 different businesses worth $2 billion), DeNaples managed to keep a low public profile around Scranton, which only fueled speculation of what he was really like. I’ve been collecting DeNaples stories for nearly two decades, ever since I heard about a local television reporter named Larry Sparano who was caught on DeNaples’s property with a camera crew trying to film how scrapped autos were polluting a creek. “Get used to the unemployment line!” Sparano remembers DeNaples saying. Sure enough, soon after that, Sparano lost his job. He pursued an independent quest to expose DeNaples’s various alleged abuses, even starting his own newspaper, but he was a mosquito biting an elephant.

In my collection of stories was the tale of how DeNaples had taken one vacation in his life — flying his family to Disney World — and got so restless that after a day, he left his wife with the kids and a wad of money and returned to his auto-parts office. Another had it that during the lavish renovation of his home on the hill above his old junkyard, DeNaples ordered gargantuan baseboard trim because his son liked to ride his motorcycle in the house. It didn’t matter to me that some of these stories clearly were either patently untrue or wildly exaggerated. Taken together, they came to create a DeNaples mystique. 
As the actual Louis DeNaples stepped gingerly into public view over the past year, the picture that emerged was of an old-fashioned guy obsessed with work and business, church and family. “My children, they call me ‘old-school,’” he told the casino commission. “Old-school I may be.” After years of ducking the press, he agreed to meet with an editor and a reporter from the Scranton Times-Tribune — but only in the presence of one of his lawyers. At one point, the hometown journalists asked him if it was true that he essentially ran the whole of Lackawanna County. DeNaples said no. 
He did give a glimpse at his daily life: awake at 3 a.m. to survey his businesses; church every morning at 6:30; in his office for the rest of the day — his wife often brings him lunch; dinner at home, and in bed by 9 p.m. No TV, no reading, no movies. It was business magnate as bore.
As the casino licensing process continued, DeNaples was forced to appear in public and undergo a level of scrutiny to which he was unaccustomed. He now had the counsel of the Philadelphia public relations firm run by former Rendell aide Kevin Feeley. Somehow, the image that came into focus was a bizarre mix of Mother Teresa and Machiavelli. 
DeNaples had enough of a reputation for spreading money around to politicians of all stripes — one count estimated that DeNaples and two of his partnerships gave a total of at least $1 million just to state officials from 2000 to 2005 — that the Scranton Times-Tribune was prompted to compare him to an ATM. He also was known around Scranton for his affiliations with various nonprofit boards and his large contributions to a number of local institutions. Now, preening for the gaming commission, DeNaples let reports emerge about his many smaller, more personalized gifts — philanthropy that his daughter would describe as a “commitment to improving the human condition, one charitable act at a time.” It was a bold move of self-aggrandizement for this low-key guy — and a sign of how high the stakes had become in his own personal gamble on gaming.

At a public forum early in 2006 at the Split Rock resort, DeNaples showed up with an unusual entourage. Howard Frank, covering the meeting for the Pocono Record, just had to tell his editor. “I remember Howard calling me on the cell phone,” Susan Koomar recalls, “and saying, ‘My God, he’s got a priest with him! And a nun!’”
The priest, a childhood friend named Joseph Sica, would accompany DeNaples to almost all of his casino licensing hearings, becoming what PR man Feeley would describe as a “talisman.” But perhaps not an entirely lucky charm. Although DeNaples was awarded the gaming license, lucky Father Sica would soon have to appear before a grand jury investigating his rich friend’s links to organized crime and whether DeNaples lied about them to the casino board.
Louis DeNaples needed to come off as something of an altar boy, because despite his great business success and repute as a philanthropist, he is dogged by a 1978 felony conviction related to overcharging for cleanup operations in the aftermath of Hurricane Agnes. Under the rules, the offense occurred long enough ago that he was able to apply for a casino license, but it left him open to increased scrutiny when the commission’s investigative wing performed its required due diligence on the applicant’s “good character.” There have long been allegations that DeNaples has connections to reputed Northeast Pennsylvania crime boss William D’Elia. 
The legislation that set up a gambling commission in Pennsylvania will never be considered a case study of good government. The resulting operation seems rife with conflicts of interest and appears designed to be murky to public scrutiny. (For instance, the commission has refused to make public the more than 250 letters of recommendation that Louis DeNaples produced to bolster his license application.) In what former casino commission chairman Tad Decker claimed was an extensive investigation into DeNaples’s past, the commission’s staff found nothing that would preclude a license. But because of a bureaucratic dispute with the state police, the commission wasn’t privy to information about ongoing, sensitive law enforcement investigations. And it turned out there was an investigation into the DeNaples-D’Elia connection that led a grand jury in Dauphin County to look into whether DeNaples lied to the casino commission. If he did, he could lose the license.
As reports of the grand jury investigation emerged, DeNaples returned to his habit of ducking the press, and his spokesman, Feeley, repeatedly denied there was any connection between DeNaples and organized crime. 
Late this summer, as workmen rushed in double shifts to finish construction of Mount Airy, Louis DeNaples displayed his remarkably bad instincts for public relations by nominating five people to an oversight panel that was supposed to be independent and monitor the operation of Mount Airy. Among the nominees was an old friend who served on the board of DeNaples’s Scranton-based bank. After a few state representatives complained that the proposed panel was hardly independent, four of the nominees quickly withdrew their names from consideration, and a newly named panel temporarily delayed the casino’s planned mid-October opening because of the time needed for required background checks.

“The buck stops here,” Louis DeNaples had told commissioners during a hearing. Now the owner himself was certainly slowing things down.
ONE MUGGY late-summer day, I took what had come to be a routine drive in the new Poconos — quiet stretches rolling easily on a leafy, sun-dappled road, then stuck in an inexplicable traffic jam — and finally arrived at a compound of construction trailers just up the hill from the new Mount Airy Casino Resort. I was meeting Lisa DeNaples, one of Louis’s five daughters, for a tour.
Lisa DeNaples is attractive and polished, a more ethnic Cate Blanchett. She has practiced dentistry and studied law and will serve as the family point person at her father’s huge new investment. We donned hard hats and safety glasses and traversed a muddy road down to the new casino hotel.
DeNaples talked of the research trips the design team had done when planning the new resort. They were comparing it in style and feel not to, say, the converted horse-racing track near Scranton that is already drawing tens of thousands of gamblers, but more “upscale Vegas,” like the Bellagio or Venetian, or Atlantic City’s Borgata.
The hotel and casino, even in their unfinished state, were obviously going to be nice places, plush yet modest, and reminiscent of an older, more genteel Poconos, with lots of fieldstone and rich woods and terrazzo tile and — in the hotel, anyway — lots of glass to let in the significant outdoors. 
Louis DeNaples has said many times that his Mount Airy resort won’t compete with the rest of the Poconos, but will complement it. It’s possible that his vision for a new Poconos polished with expensive amenities and a cool casino floor may be tinted too much by nostalgia for a more innocent time that has long passed. It may be too respectful of the ghost of Emil Wagner. And not everyone is certain that DeNaples will “pick up” the Poconos. Though he’s happy for the new local jobs, State Rep Mario Scavello says, “I worry that gambling could bring in all kinds of social problems that we’ll be unable to control.” 
During our tour of the new Mount Airy, Lisa DeNaples revealed little about her father except for the fact that he used to take the family on day trips to the dinky little amusement park nearby called Memorytown (now shuttered except for a tavern). Then, as we were climbing a muddy road back to the construction trailers, she promised that her father would make sure everything was done correctly and on time. “He’s a driver,” she said. Then she said that again: “He’s a driver.” And then a third time.
Forces beyond DeNaples are driving the Poconos. They are strong and contradictory, and I suspect that if I come back 10 years from now, this place will once again seem mundanely familiar and changed beyond all recognition. The essence of the Poconos has always been a mixture of novelty and nostalgia.
During our tour of the new novelty, the reborn and refashioned Mount Airy, Lisa DeNaples told a story about shopping at Bloomingdale’s in Manhattan. The salesclerk asked where she was from. When she told him “The Poconos,” he started singing the old Mount Airy Lodge jingle.           
John Marchese last wrote for Philadelphia about the rebirth of North Broad Street.



















comment on this post



 


You May Also Like



Meet Yellowstone, This Week’s Adoptable Walking Pup

 




The Top LGBTQ Performers of the Summer

 




Hear Some of Philly’s Top Restaurateurs and Urban Farmers Talk Food Justice

 




Philly’s Impact Economy to Get $15M Boost With ImpactPHL Ventures

 
 


 


 Around the Web




 Be respectful of our online community and contribute to an engaging conversation. We reserve the right to ban impersonators and remove comments that contain personal attacks, threats, or profanity, or are flat-out offensive. By posting here, you are permitting Philadelphia magazine and Metro Corp. to edit and republish your comment in all media.













 


Most Popular



                                            Bartenders at Pink Show in A.C. Believe Thousands in Tips Went Missing — News                                            



                                            Requiem for a "Little Marble House" - Philadelphia Magazine — Property                                            



                                            Wegmans and Instacart Expand Same-Day Delivery Service — Be Well Philly                                            



                                            There's a Colossal Middle Eastern Restaurant, Market, and Garden Opening in Fishtown — Foobooz                                            



                                            Pizzeria Beddia Owner Joe Beddia Talks Best of Philly 2017 — Foobooz                                            



                                            Here's How Much Is Required to Be Considered Wealthy in Philadelphia — Business                                            



                                            Jawdropper of the Week: Work Meets Home in Rittenhouse for $2.975M - Philadelphia Magazine — Property                                            



Latest Stories 
WATCH: Tony Luke’s PSA for New Anti-Opioid Initiative


Drexel Frat Sued by Parents of Son Severely Injured in Fight


AG Jeff Sessions Will Speak in Philly Friday Morning


Kelley B. Hodge Voted Philly’s Interim DA


St. Joe’s University Receives $50M Donation From Alum

 


Get Our Free Newsletter
Your morning dose of headlines, opinions, sports, photos and gossip, Monday through Friday.



Enter your email address…











 


 








































 


















	DeNaples Food Court - Scranton
































 




My Account 
Order Status 




Login








Today's Menu










Fresh Food Company
























See Today's Menu for 




How to get to 
























Search


Quick Results:





Select Search Area


























Search


Quick Results:





Select Search Area

Entire Site
Content
Locations
Meal Plan
Menu Items
Products













0 item(s): $0.00








Home


Menus



Locations



Fresh Food Company


DeNaples Food Court


Mulberry Street P.O.D. Market and Food Court


Java City


Bleecker Street


Einstein Bros. Bagels




Meal Plans


Eat Well


View Menus


Monthly Feature


Wellness Education


Menu Commitments


On Campus Resources


Nutrition Highlights


MyFitnessPal


Disclaimer




Sustainability


What We’re Doing


Green Thread




Catering


Meet the Staff


Menu


Order Now










University of Scranton Dining Services

Locations

DeNaples Food Court









Search


Quick Results:





Select Search Area












Fresh Food Company


DeNaples Food Court


Mulberry Street P.O.D. Market and Food Court


Java City


Bleecker Street


Einstein Bros. Bagels









        DeNaples Food Court
        
    



        This visually-stunning retail facility features some of your national favorites: Chick-fil-A, Starbucks and Quiznos, of course! The Food Court's tableside center stage features other great options to choose from including Zoca Fresh Mexican Fare, Brick Oven Pizza, Pasta and Grill. Meals are prepared fresh, exhibition style and you are able to enjoy them tableside in full view of the preparation area. Having flex has never been better!
    





            Chick-fil-A
        





				Chick-fil-A, is a quick-service chicken restaurant chain in the United States. Its products include delicious chicken sandwiches, salads, additional entrees, and side dishes.
            







            Grille Works
        





				Burgers, fries and chicken sandwiches comprise some of the most enjoyable meals in the county. These items are the cornerstone of the Grille Works menu.
            







            P.O.D. Market
        





				P.O.D. Market combines the corner store with the style of a modern market, featuring grab ‘n go dining options for breakfast, lunch or any time of day, including:  freshly-prepared breakfast sandwiches, burritos, wraps, sushi and salads, as well as fresh produce, bakery and coffee selections and traditional essentials found in a convenience store.
            







            Quiznos
        





				Quiznos sandwich shops offer flavorful chef-inspired menu items, including grilled flatbreads, salads and wraps! We also offer chicken, freshly-sliced deli meats, artisan breads and cheeses! Quiznos is the perfect menu for your lunchtime!
            







            Starbucks
        





				Starbucks offers high-quality coffees, hand-crafted espresso beverages, teas, smoothies as well as a variety of pastries, pre-packaged snacks, and breakfast sandwiches. A popular on-campus destination at all times of the day.








            Zoca
        





				Zoca is the ideal place to get a freshly prepared GRANDE Mexican meal with autentico flavors from REAL ingredients. The menu features overstuffed burritos, quesadillas, nachos, tacos and salads prepared with your choice of shredded chicken, beef, pork, or portabella mushroom. 
            













                    Hours of Operation
                


        Food Court Hours of OperationMonday-Thursday: 7:30 am - 11:00 pmFriday: 7:30 am - 10:00 pmSaturday: 12:00 pm - 10:00 pmSunday: 12:00 pm - 11:00 pmStarbucks Hours of OperationMonday-Thursday- 7:30am - 9:00pmFriday- 7:30am - 7:00pmSaturday - 12:00pm - 7:00pmSunday- 12:00pm - 9:00pmPOD Market Hours of OperationsMonday – Thursday- 9:00am -11:00pmFriday- 9:00am - 10:00pmSaturday- 12:00pm - 10:00pmSunday- 12:00pm  - 11:00pm
    
More






DeNaples Food Court


900 Mulberry St
SCRANTON, 
PA
18510
US
Email: john.skoff@scranton.edu
Phone: (570) 941-2447








        Find Us
    


900 Mulberry St  
        SCRANTON, PA 18510
        Phone:  (570) 941-2447
john.skoff@scranton.edu


















	    Connect on:
	










Home





Menus





Locations



Fresh Food Company


DeNaples Food Court


Mulberry Street P.O.D. Market and Food Court


Java City


Bleecker Street


Einstein Bros. Bagels






Meal Plans





Eat Well



View Menus


Monthly Feature


Wellness Education


Menu Commitments


On Campus Resources


Nutrition Highlights


MyFitnessPal


Disclaimer






Sustainability



What We’re Doing


Green Thread






Catering



Meet the Staff


Menu


Order Now








                About Us
            



                Contact Us
            



                Care Packages
            



                FAQs
            



                Privacy
            



                Sitemap
            


© Aramark 2017
powered by:
























































 DeNaples' request to do business with Mt. Airy rejected again - News - poconorecord.com - Stroudsburg, PA




































							Log In
						





0 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month







Print + Online Subscriber Activation
Register


Subscribe
















NewsSportsEntertainmentLifeObituariesClassifiedsE-EditionAutosJobsReal Estate





























Subscribe



































DeNaples' request to do business with Mt. Airy rejected again







Wednesday
Sep 2, 2015 at 3:42 PM
Sep 3, 2015 at 8:25 AM




Pennsylvania gambling regulators are rejecting a second bid by Louis DeNaples, a northeastern Pennsylvania billionaire, to do business with the Monroe County casino that he founded but relinquished .

				The Associated Press
			
HARRISBURG — Pennsylvania gambling regulators are rejecting a second bid by Louis DeNaples, a northeastern Pennsylvania billionaire, to do business with the Monroe County casino that he founded but relinquished in a deal to drop perjury charges.The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board voted it down Wednesday, preserving existing restrictions on DeNaples' dealings with Mount Airy Casino Resort.The Times-Tribune of Scranton reports that DeNaples' petition drew a 4-3 majority of the gaming board, but it still failed because one legislative appointee, Richard Jewell, voted against it. The gaming board has a supermajority requirement in which those four appointees must agree for a motion to be approved. It rarely comes into play on board actions.DeNaples agreed in 2009 to transfer ownership of the casino to a family trust.DeNaples had sought to limit the scope of a background check necessary to become a service provider. The gaming board's enforcement division warned board members against letting an applicant set the conditions of a background check.The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board awarded a gaming license to DeNaples in 2006. He’d already bought the iconic Mount Airy Lodge in Paradise Township, tore down the inn and built a resort with an upscale hotel, restaurants, nightclub, shopping arcade, spa, golf course and other recreational amenities.Mount Airy Casino Resort opened in 2007, becoming part of the initial wave of casinos in the state. DeNaples was indicted on perjury charges in 2008 for lying about the extent of his relationships with reputed organized crime figures while he was trying to win a casino license. The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board suspended his gaming license. The charges against DeNaples were dropped in 2009 after he agreed to relinquish his gaming license, turn over control of the casino to his family and put his ownership in a trust. He was also banned from the property. DeNaples was fined $10,000 and placed on probation for three years in 1978 after pleading no contest to a felony charge of conspiracy to defraud the federal government in a case involving government payments to clean up the aftermath of Hurricane Agnes. Pocono Record Writer Howard Frank contributed to this report.
		












SUBSCRIBE NOW







Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery.


            Learn More
        




















FNCB Louis A. Denaples Insider Trades for FNCB Bancorp Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































FNCB Bancorp Inc.

                  OTC: FNCB
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

FNCB Bancorp Inc.



Countdown to close
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 2:12 p.m.


FNCB

/quotes/zigman/81457939/delayed


$
7.90




Change

-0.02
-0.23%

Volume
Volume 602
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/81457939/delayed
Previous close

$
			7.92
		


$
				7.90
			
Change

-0.02
-0.23%





Day low
Day high
$7.90
$7.91










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.75
        

            $8.13
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Louis A. Denaples



Dr. Louis A. Denaples, Jr. PhD, is Vice Chairman at First National Community Bancorp, Inc. (Pennsylvania), Independent Director at First National Community Bank (Dunmore, Pennsylvania), and Medical Director-Emergency Department at Community Medical Center. He is on the Board of Directors at First National Community Bancorp, Inc. (Pennsylvania) and First National Community Bank (Dunmore, Pennsylvania).



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/15/2017
110


 



827


06/15/2017
5


 



37


06/15/2017
297


 



2,233


03/15/2017
126


 



824


03/15/2017
6


 



39


03/15/2017
340


 



2,223


12/15/2016
139


 



840


12/15/2016
7


 



42


12/15/2016
373


 



2,256


09/15/2016
112


 



557


09/15/2016
5


 



24


09/15/2016
301


 



1,498


06/15/2016
64


 



373


06/15/2016
4


 



23


06/15/2016
256


 



1,495


09/10/2014
2,000


 
Acquisition at $6 per share.


12,000


06/04/2014
20,000


 
Acquisition at $6 per share.


120,000


12/31/2012
415


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/21/2012
860


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


09/13/2012
33,885


 
Acquisition at $2.83 per share.


95,894





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Gerard A. Champi 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. James M. Bone 
CFO, Executive VP & Head-Investor Relations




Mr. William A. Mcguigan 
Senior Vice President




Ms. Mary Ann Gardner 
Chief Compliance Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Joseph A. Coccia 
Director




Mr. Ronald S. Honick 
Senior Vice President-Audit




Ms. Stephanie A. Westington 
Chief Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Controller




Ms. Dawn D. Gronski 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Donald H. Ryan 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Ms. Mary Griffin Cummings 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Dominick L. DeNaples 
Chairman




Mr. Keith W. Eckel 
Independent Director




Mr. William G. Bracey 
Independent Director




Mr. Louis A. DeNaples 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas J. Melone 
Independent Director




Dr. Louis A. Denaples 
Vice Chairman




Mr. John Peter Moses 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:29 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:22pEuro rallies to 2-year high as hawkish view on ECB dominates
3:08pFed sets 2020 goal for faster payment systems
2:58pWhite House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog
2:56pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:49pAmazon paying publishers to post on new social network Spark
2:42pWhat to do when, like Sean Spicer, you decide to quit your job
2:40pIf you care about the planet, don’t buy so much
2:39pSan Francisco seeks court order to force Uber, Lyft to disclose records
2:38pSept. WTI oil settles at $45.77/bbl, down $1.15, or 2.5%, on Nymex
2:38pSept. WTI futures contract down 2.1% for the week
2:36pWhy one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
2:30pProofpoint started at buy with $115 stock price target at Needham
2:24pI want to buy my brothers out of our home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:16pPlanning for longevity: The wisdom of the ages
2:12pHollywood is using social causes to sell movie tickets 
2:10pGold logs highest finish in a month, up over 2% for the week 
2:10pMicrosoft is challenging Amazon for cloud throne
2:10pAm I entitled to a spousal benefit?
2:07pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:07p10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,555.65

-56.13
-0.26%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,378.01

-11.99
-0.19%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.03

-4.42
-0.18%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































