

Connie K Duckworth                                                                                                       - Lake Forest                                       , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Lake Forest



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Connie K Duckworth
                                    



 





















C 


Connie K Duckworth                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



77 STONE GATE LN LAKE FOREST, IL 60045
Get Directions



(847) 234-9076
 





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $182,606.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Thomas Duckworth                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Connie K Duckworth                                                                                                       was founded in 2001, and is located at 77 Stone Gate Ln in Lake Forest. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Thomas Duckworth                                                                                                         at (847) 234-9076. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Connie K Duckworth | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Business Services Sector Industry Report


















Connie K DuckworthCompany Information

77 Stone Gate LnLake Forest, IL, 60045 United States(847) 234-9076 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Connie K Duckworth Company Profile
Business services, nec, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Connie K Duckworth Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Lake Forest, IL, United States
Business Services Sector







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Connie K Duckworth | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Business Services Sector Industry Report















Connie K Duckworth Revenue and Financial Data
Business services, nec, nsk







Financials Information for Connie K Duckworth

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.182606 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























 

Biography of Connie K. Duckworth for Appearances, Speaking Engagements





















































1.800.698.2536 







































 











 






Your Location:  
Home  
Connie K. Duckworth Speaker Profile  
Connie K. Duckworth Biography



SHARE  





Connie K. Duckworth
 Category :Activists, International Business, Business Leaders, Leadership Speakers, Women in Society 

Booking Fee Range :
			$5,001 - $10,000             
Booking Fee Range :

Travels From :
              Chicago, IL, USA              







Inquire About Connie K. Duckworth!Inquire About Connie K. Duckworth!



Have Questions? Need Suggestions? Want Help? Please fill out the form below or call us at 1-800-MY-TALENT to speak with a talent specialist.







* Required fields



Which speakers / talent would you like information on?

Connie K. Duckworth



Type of Event:


Convention/Trade Show
Corporate Video/Infomercial
Endorsement/Spokesperson Campaign
Fee Information
Personal Appearance
Product Launch
Satellite Media Tour
Speaking Engagement
Performance or Show
Other




Talent Budget:*


Please Select ...
$5,000 or less
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and above
I have a budget, but I am unsure of what it is
I am looking for Talent to donate their time





Additional Comments:







Name:*






Organization:





E-Mail:*






Phone:






 




 














Biography of Connie K. Duckworth


Connie Duckworth founded ARZU, Inc., a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization, in 2004 and serves pro bono as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. She is a retired Partner and Managing Director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co., where she was named the first woman sales and trading partner in the firm's history during her 20 year career from 1981-2001.Ms. Duckworth is currently a Trustee of Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and a Director of Russell Investment Group and Steelcase Inc. In her philanthropic work, Ms. Duckworth is the immediate past Chairman of The Global Heritage Fund in Palo Alto and serves on the boards of The Wharton School in Philadelphia, the Interfaith Youth Core in Chicago and NorthShore University HealthSystem, in Evanston, Illinois, where she was the first woman to be named Chairman of the Board. She is a member of the U.S.-Afghan Women's Council, a public/private partnership aligned with the U.S. State Department and past Chair of the Committee of 200, the organization of leading women entrepreneurs and corporate business executives in the U.S. She also co-authored a primer on entrepreneurship entitled "The Old Girls Network: Insider Advice for Women Building Businesses in a Man's World."The recipient of numerous awards for leadership, advocacy, social impact, innovation and global presence, Ms. Duckworth was awarded the 2011 Wharton School Dean's Medal, the school's highest honor. In addition, Ms. Duckworth was named a 2008 Skoll Foundation honoree for Social Entrepreneurship. She holds an M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a B.A. from the University of Texas.            

All American Speakers is a speakers bureau and booking agency providing information on booking Connie K. Duckworth for speaking engagements, personal appearances and corporate events. Contact an All American Speakers Bureau booking agent for more information on Connie K. Duckworth speaking fees, availability, speech topics and cost to hire for your next event.



Tag Cloud

 special event recommended favorite speaker bureaus famous entertainment keynote speaking how to find  celebrity hire schedule appearance fees corporate event connie k. duckworth booking agency contactconnie k. duckworth 


Booking Agency Disclaimer:


Connie K. Duckworth Booking Agency: Celebrity Appearance Fees and Availability
Contact a booking agent to check availability on Connie K. Duckworth and other top corporate entertainment
Exclusive Buyer's Agent that Books Celebrities, Entertainers and Speakers like Connie K. Duckworth for Speaking Engagements, Appearances and Corporate Events

Please Note: All American Speakers Bureau acts only as an entertainment broker/producer for corporate functions, private engagements and special events. All American Speakers Bureau does not claim or represent itself as the exclusive agent or management of Connie K. Duckworth or any artist on this website. Speaker fees are determined based on a number of factors and may change without notice. Fees often vary based on a number of factors including: speakers schedule, supply and demand, length of presentation, location of event and other factors. Fee Ranges listed on this website are intended to serve only as a guideline. In some cases, the actual price quote may be above or below the stated range.

                All American Speakers Bureau is a celebrity booking agency and talent buyer which supplies celebrity talent worldwide. We secure speakers and celebrities for speaking engagements, advertising campaigns, personal appearances, commercials, licensing, voice-overs, product endorsements, spokesperson campaigns, publicity events, corporate entertainment, trade shows, and media tours.

                Related Tags: Information on keynote speaking engagements, personal appearances, corporate entertainment and appearance fees for Connie K. Duckworth, an inspirational motivational speaker. bio for Connie K. Duckworth agency, manager, speaker fees, speaking agency entertainment booking agency, speaker's fee, how to book, booking agencies for lectures, speaking event, celebrity appearances for hire, who is agent, manager, publicist, who represents, speakers bureau management who represents Connie K. Duckworth
















Popular Topics

Business Speakers
Celebrity Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Education Speakers
Health & Wellness
Leadership Speakers
Motivational Speakers


Political Speakers
Sales & Marketing
Sports Speakers
Technology Speakers
TED Speakers
University Speakers
Women Speakers



Talent Finder

Speakers by Topics
Speakers by Fee
Speakers by Location
Speakers by Industry
Keynote Speaker Lists
Advanced Search



About AAE

Meet Our Team
About Us
All American Advantage
Testimonials
Our Philosophy
Speakers Bureau FAQs
Contact Us



Quick Links

Speakers Bureau Home
Request Booking Info
Speaker News & Blog
Event Planner Resources
View all Speakers
Client Login




AAE is one of the premier celebrity booking agencies and top keynote speakers bureaus in the world. Let us help you find the perfect motivational speaker, celebrity, or entertainer for your next corporate event.









Copyright © 2017 All American Speakers Bureau. All rights reserved.
Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy
 










subscribe





 TOP 


































Connie K Duckworth Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Activists >
				Connie K Duckworth
		

Connie K Duckworth Speaker Profile






 Activists




 

Activists, Business Speakers, International Business Speakers, Leadership Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  Available Upon Request











Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

Connie K Duckworth Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book Connie K Duckworth for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as Connie K Duckworth for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Activists, Business Speakers, International Business Speakers, Leadership Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring Connie K Duckworth for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for Connie K Duckworth call us at 1.888.752.3532.
Connie K Duckworth Biography

Connie K. Duckworth is a retired partner and managing director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co., co-author of The Old Girls Network: Insider Advice for Women Building Businesses in a Mans World, a primer for women entrepreneurs, and the founder of Arzu Rugs. Connie talks with Vibrant Nation about ...
>>Read More 


Connie K. Duckworth is a retired partner and managing director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co., co-author of The Old Girls Network: Insider Advice for Women Building Businesses in a Mans World, a primer for women entrepreneurs, and the founder of Arzu Rugs. Connie talks with Vibrant Nation about founding a not-for-profit organization that connects weavers in Afghanistan to the global marketplace — and empowers women and their families to break the cycle of poverty.
Activists such as a Connie K Duckworth promote, impede, or direct social, political, economic, or environmental change. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with Connie K Duckworth speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Activists for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring an Activist like Connie K Duckworth is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Activist to your next corporate event.  We can find Connie K Duckworth’s agent to make this booking happen.  A Connie K Duckworth appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find Connie K Duckworth‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at https://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or Connie K Duckworth for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below.













	     			﻿			  	Connie K Duckworth  Speaking Videos









Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as Connie K Duckworth's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. Connie K Duckworth's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
Joe DiVanna
International Business Professional and Strategist




 
Joe Davis
Poet, Author, Activist




 
Jody Bailey
Business Coach and Speaker




 
Joe Hammer
Business Speaker and Entrepreneur




 
Jodie Watson
Professional Organizing Expert, Time Management, Life-Work Balance




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 








   Connie Duckworth | Goldman , Sachs & Co. | ZoomInfo.com



			Connie K. Duckworth Agent | Speaker Fee | Booking Contact
	















About UsRecent BookingsFeatured SpeakersTestimonialsBlogContact Us









1.888.550.6672






Start Your Booking Request Now








About UsRecent BookingsFeatured SpeakersTestimonialsBlogContact Us











Connie K. Duckworth Speaker & Booking Information



Search  Connie K. Duckworth







					Retired Partner and Managing Director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co.
				










								Category
							

Business Speakers 






								Fee Range
							

Call for Booking Fee







								Travel Location
							

								Available Upon Request
							







						Book Connie K. Duckworth for Your Next Event
					


Book Connie K. Duckworth For
Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, VIP Meet & Greets, Store Grand Openings

Book Connie K. Duckworth for a Speaking Engagement
Businesses, Non-profit organizations, event planners and companies across the country have worked closely with our booking agents to hire Connie K. Duckworth for a speaking engagements, guest appearances, product endorsements and corporate events. Many of those same clients have continued to turn to our speakers bureau as we can easily align Connie K. Duckworth’s availability with their upcoming seminar, gala, annual conference, corporate function, and grand opening. Our close relationship with Connie K. Duckworth’s  booking agent and management team further enables us to provide inquiring clients with Connie K. Duckworth’s speaking fee and appearance cost.
If your goal is to hire Connie K. Duckworth to be your next keynote speaker or to be the next brand ambassador our celebrity speakers bureau can assist. If Connie K. Duckworth’s booking fee is outside your companies budget or your unable to align with his appearance availability, our booking agents can provide you a list of talent that aligns with your event theme, budget and event date.
					

Connie K. Duckworth is a retired partner and managing director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co., co-author of The Old Girls' Network: Insider Advice for Women Building Businesses in a Man's World, a primer for women entrepreneurs, and the founder of Arzu Rugs. Connie talks with Vibrant Nation about founding a not-for-profit organization that connects weavers in Afghanistan to the global marketplace -- and empowers women and their families to break the cycle of poverty.



						Read More About Connie K. Duckworth 
						





					Let our team of booking agents help create a memorable experience with hiring Connie K. Duckworth for your store grand opening, golf outing, trade show booth or corporate outing.
				



						Book Connie K. Duckworth for Your Next Event
					




NOPACTalent acts as a Celebrity Speakers Bureau and Athlete Booking agency for corporate functions, appearances, private events and speaking engagements. NOPACTalent does not claim or represent itself as Connie K. Duckworth’s speakers bureau, agent, manager or management company for Connie K. Duckworth or any celebrity on this website. NOPACTalent represents organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and entertainers for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal appearances, and speaking engagements. 





		Inquire About Fees
		



		Have our booking experts help find you the best speaker for your event.
	











Start Request

 


		Search Other Talent
	


Search by Category
Activists
Actor
Adventurers and Explorers
Artists
Astronauts
Authors
Business Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Entertainment
Health and Wellness
Journalist
Lifestyle Speakers
Sports	
																																																																																																																																																																																											;	
		



Search by Fee Range
$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and Up
Call for Booking Fee	
			;
		




							Similar Speakers
						








													Yashiro Masamoto
												

													Chairman and CEO of Shinsei Bank 
												










													Peter Peterson
												

													Founder and Chairman of the Peter G. Peterson Foundation
												










													Andrew Firestone
												

													Reality TV Star
												










													Barbara Block
												

													Ocean Researcher
												










													Ivan Oransky
												

													Science & Engineering
												





								View More Speakers
							




		Speaker Categories
	

Business Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Entertainment
Health and Wellness
Lifestyle Speakers
Sports
View More >

 


		Search By Fee
	

$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and Up
Call for Booking Fee

 







Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now
Click Here










						Categories
					

About UsRecent BookingsFeatured SpeakersTestimonialsBlogContact Us




						Find us in
					








						Contact us
					




						888.550.6672
					




						Bookings@NOPACTalent.com
					


					Copyright © 1999-2015. NOPACTalent | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Sitemap











 Connie K. Duckworth | Wiki & Bio | Everipedia, the encyclopedia of everythingCreate Page


    

     
        
    
    

    

     
        
    
    

    

     
        












Connie K. Duckworth







 
 
 











Copy URL


Embed / Widget















Suggested Hashtags

Connie K. Duckworth wiki
Connie K. Duckworth bio
Connie K. Duckworth net worth
Connie K. Duckworth age
Connie K. Duckworth married




                                    QR Code
                                






467





















Connie K. Duckworth






Nationality

United States



Address


                    Chicago, IL, USA
                    
                



Gender

Female






Occupation



                            Former Partner and Managing Director, Goldman, Sachs, & Co.
                    
                    
                        




                            Founder, ARZU
                    
                    
                        





Profiles
















                    Connie Duckworth founded ARZU, Inc., a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization, in 2004 and serves pro bono as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. She is a retired Partner and Managing Director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co., where she was named the first woman sales and trading partner in the firm's history during her 20 year career from 1981-2001. [+]





Image & Video Gallery
                        













ARZU STUDIO HOPE: Social Entrepreneurship - YouTube









CAPA Profile of ARZU STUDIO HOPE with CEO Connie K. Duckworth









TEDxBerkeley - Connie Duckworth - Betting Against the Global Trifecta










                            
                                Reference Links For This Biography
                            
                            





All information in the above wiki comes from the below links
All information in the above wiki comes from the below links
















10









http://speakerpedia.com/speakers/connie-k-duckworth
Speakerpedia


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://arzustudiohope.org
http://arzustudiohope.org


3/29/2016 11:24AM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdPqMESyWYU
ARZU STUDIO HOPE: Social Entrepreneurship - YouTube


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DrizRXFKyk
CAPA Profile of ARZU STUDIO HOPE with CEO Connie K. Duckworth


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=kbt3HuM0j1I
TEDxBerkeley - Connie Duckworth - Betting Against the Global Trifecta


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://www.allamericanspeakers.com/speakers/Connie-K.-Duckworth/9238
All American Speakers


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://www.forbes.com/profile/connie-duckworth/
Forbes


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









http://www.huffingtonpost.com/connie-k-duckworth/
Page on Huffingtonpost.


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









https://www.facebook.com/connie.k.duckworth
Connie K. Duckworth featured in Facebook.


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)








0









https://twitter.com/ckduckworth
Twitter (@ckduckworth)


1/20/2016 11:18PM • 

 • 


  (0)













Article Discussion
                                 (0)






This is a discussion about the above wiki. Concerns about the topic, its accuracy, inclusion of information etc. should be discussed here. Off-topic discussion not pertaining to the topic of the wiki will be removed.























See Also
                            











Burrow (Furniture)









 
Show/Hide Left Slide Menu
Show/Hide Right Slide Menu
Show/Hide Top Slide Menu
Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu







AboutFAQContactReport BugTermsForumDonate
			
			 2017 Everipedia, Inc.Select language
            English (en)
        










About – Remake









































 
















Skip to content






About



Our mission is to build a conscious consumer movement. When we know the stories, we can use our collective voice and shopping dollars to improve and shape the lives of people who make our clothes.
 


The Team



	          Ayesha Barenblat	          Founder




	          Eleanor Amari	          Content Manager




	          Katrina Caspelich	          PR Manager




	          Ankur Maniar	          Creative Designer




	          Allison Griffin	          Content Fellow



Board



	          Jamie Allison-Hope	          VP, S.H. Cowell Foundation




	          Chadwick Bolick	          Executive Director, Morgan Stanley




	          Seema Shah	          Product Management & Marketing Strategist



Advisors



	          Connie K. Duckworth 	          Founder and CEO, ARZU Inc.  




	          Lauren Friedman	          Head of Social Enablement, Adobe




	          Rina Horiuchi	          UX Design, Lyra Health




	          Sandra Rose	          Sr. Director of Merchandising and Planning, The Americas, Christian Louboutin









Ayesha Barenblat
Founder
Ayesha (@abarenblat) is a social entrepreneur with a passion for building sustainable supply chains that respect people and our planet. With over a decade of leadership to promote social justice and sustainability within the fashion industry, she founded Remake to ignite a conscious consumer movement. Remake’s films, stories and immersive journeys rebuild human connections with the women who make our clothes. Ayesha is passionate about where things come from, who made them and what their lives are like. She has worked with brands, governments, and labor advocates to improve the lives of the women who make our clothes.
She led brand engagement at Better Work, a World Bank and United Nations partnership to ensure safe and decent working conditions within garment factories around the world. She was head of consumer products at BSR, providing strategic advice to brands including H&M, Levi Strauss & Co., Marks and Spencer, Nike, The Walt Disney Company and Pou Chen on the design and integration of sustainability into business. She holds a master’s in public policy from the University of California, Berkeley.
“Today there is a long unhappy story of how our fashion is made and where it ends up. I want us to reimagine this story. I founded Remake because I truly believe in the good that comes from human connections. The modern shopper wants to know more, and the maker is better off when we use our voice and wallet to advocate for her wellbeing.”
 




Eleanor Amari
Content Manager
As Content Manager, Eleanor pushes forward the depth, breadth and visual identity of Remake’s video and social content. She’s focused on telling engaging stories that humanize the fashion supply chain.
Eleanor has over 7 years of marketing and business development experience in the creative industry. She’s worked alongside designers, architects and artists around the world.
Eleanor earned her BA in Philosophy and Architectural History at Boston University, where she did her thesis on aesthetics and ethics. Here she developed her understanding that the material things we choose reflect our values.
“Creative content is where education, beauty and fun can come together to create positive change. I’m passionate about sharing information in lively ways, so that our audience is inspired to give more credit to their closet and ultimately their consumer voice. By uniting makers and users, we can together #remakeourworld.”
 




Katrina Caspelich
PR Manager
Katrina is an experienced marketing strategist who strives to build the Remake brand using storytelling, creative thinking, and integrated marketing. A fashionista to the core, Remake allows her to fulfill two of her passions in life: public relations and socially conscious fashion companies.
With over 12 years of experience working within the fashion industry, Katrina has worked as a talent agent, fashion editor, content creator, and marketing manager. These roles not only expanded her knowledge of fashion but they introduced her to many creative people within the industry. She found herself building relationships with top PR firms, designers, stylists, celebrities, photographers, editors, and bloggers, which she enjoys greatly.
Katrina has a BS in Marketing from California State University San Marcos. Immediately after graduation, she moved to New York City where she spent the last 7 years working with fashion companies on brand management, media relations, and content creation.
“Building a brand through storytelling is at the heart of what PR professionals do. At Remake, storytelling is the heart of our brand. Through the stories we share, we are able to celebrate sustainable style, promote ethics, and improve the lives of those who make our clothes.”
 
 




Ankur Maniar
Creative Designer
Ankur is a designer and photographer who builds Remake’s visual identity through branding, fashion photography, and graphic design.
He holds two BA degrees in Molecular Biology and Art Practice from the University of California, Berkeley. Alongside his studies, he has spent his time collaborating with fashion designers on ad campaigns and blog editorials, designing logos and branding materials for startups, shooting runways during NYFW, and teaching photography and art through UC Berkeley.
“On the journey towards a more sustainable future, the easiest changes we can adopt are investing in fewer pieces, shopping vintage, and replacing our basics with slow fashion brands.”
 




Allison Griffin
Content Fellow
Allie joins the Remake team after her participation in Remake’s immersive program in Cambodia, what Mic and Fashionista have called the peace corps for fashion. As Content Fellow, Allie creates engaging and creative content for Remake through investigative pieces and vivid storytelling. As both a journalist and fashion designer, she is able to tell stories on the industry and the need for ethical fashion from a unique perspective with thoughtful insight.
Allie has design experience from past internships at Oscar de la Renta, Tanya Taylor, and Nylon magazine. She has journalism experience from her college paper, The New School Free Press, where she is senior News Editor, and from working as a breaking news intern for the Staten Island Advance.
Allie is in her fifth year at The New School in New York City, where she is finishing a BFA in Fashion Design from Parsons School of Design and a BA in Journalism + Design. She completed her Fashion thesis, which celebrated the makers she met while in Cambodia in Spring 2017.
“The people who make our clothes are strong inspirational women and have important stories to tell. Their stories can connect them with the women who buy the clothes they make. Through the content I write for Remake, I hope to share these stories and give a voice to the unheard in order to educate people on the impact we have as consumers.”
 




Jamie Allison-Hope
VP, S.H. Cowell Foundation
Jamie is focused on building the right connections, governance structure and policies to advance Remake’s mission.
As a well-respected leader in philanthropy, she has worked across public, private and nonprofit sectors to empower youth and build inclusive economies. As S.H. Cowell Foundation’s Vice President Programs, she focuses on grant-making that strengthens families and communities and advances economic stability. She also manages the Foundation’s Program-Related Investment loan portfolio.
Jamie is deeply committed to civic engagement and is a visiting lecturer on philanthropy, nonprofit governance and social enterprise at UC Berkeley, Mills College and the University of San Francisco. She currently serves as Board Chair at the Whitman Institute, which promotes social and economic equity through funding dialog and leadership initiatives. She is also Chair of U.S. Friends of CUSO International, a development organization that works to reduce global poverty. Jamie has a Master’s in Public Policy from the University of California, Berkeley and graduated from the University of Tennessee with Bachelors degrees in Political Science: International Relations; Spanish; Economics; and Humanities.
“With my board service at Remake, I hope to inspire a next generation of youth leaders to be globally connected and empowered to use their voice to promote safer and more decent jobs around the world.”
 




Chadwick Bolick
Executive Director, Morgan Stanley
Chad (@chadbolick) is an Executive Director in Morgan Stanley’s Philanthropy Management group. Based in San Francisco, Chad is responsible for providing customized philanthropic advisory services to private wealth management individuals, families, and family offices, as well as nonprofit, foundation, and institutional clients. Chad brings 15 years of experience in management consulting, international development, corporate philanthropy, and nonprofit fundraising to the team.
Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, Chad served as director of global partnerships at FSG, a boutique consulting firm co-founded by Harvard Business School professor Michael Porter, where he advised large foundation and nonprofit clients. Prior to FSG, Chad served as director of impact and innovation for the Tides Foundation and as director of partnerships at BSR (Business for Social Responsibility). Chad started his career in Asia where we lived for 5+ years, first with the American Chamber of Commerce in Vietnam and later with The Asia Foundation.
Chad received his B.A. in International Relations from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his M.A. from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He was also a fellow at the Rockefeller Foundation’s Bellagio Center in 2014.
A frequent speaker on philanthropy, international development, and impact investing, Chad has presented at the Skoll World Forum (Oxford, UK), CSR Asia Annual Summit (Hong Kong), Shared Value Leadership Summit (New York), and Asia IIX Impact Forum (Singapore), as well as locally in the Bay Area and Los Angeles.
Chad is an active board member of Remake, a global nonprofit focused on sustainable consumption, as well as an advisor to Fast Forward, a San Francisco-based incubator focused on nonprofit technology startups.
 




Seema Shah
Product Management & Marketing Strategist
Seema joins Remake’s board with 15 years as a product leader in consumer tech & marketplaces; 30 years as a world traveler; 7 years as an amateur photographer; 2 years as a mother.
She currently work independently with for profit and non profit technology startups including Remake, Fast Forward and Angel List on all aspects of product strategy and process: defining vision, outlining objectives & KPIs, hypothesis-building, feature prioritization / testing, building lean product practices / processes, occasionally product delivery & hiring.
She has formerly held product leadership positions at ebay, AngelList, TaskRabbit, and OPOWER and been awarded 9 US Patents.
 




Connie K. Duckworth 
Founder and CEO, ARZU Inc.  
Connie K. Duckworth (@ckduckworth) is the founder and CEO of ARZU, which means hope in Dari, a non-profit organization that empowers women weavers in rural Afghanistan. ARZU is a shining example of holistic grassroots economic development employing 500 Afghans and supporting the eco-system of education, maternal health and community programs. She is a retired Partner and Managing Director of Goldman, Sachs, & Co., where she was named the first woman sales and trading partner in the firm’s history during her 20 year career.
Connie brings her passion for ethical commerce as a sustainable way to lift women out of poverty, to Remake’s advisory board.
She is also a Trustee of Equity Residential (EQR) in Chicago and a Director of Steelcase Inc. (SCS) in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In her philanthropic work, Ms. Duckworth is a Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania, an Overseer of The Wharton School, and serves on the boards of the Interfaith Youth Core in Chicago and NorthShore University HealthSystem, in Evanston, Illinois, where she was the first woman Chairman of the Board.  She is a founding member of the U.S.-Afghan Women’s Council and a member of the Bush Institute’s Women’s Initiative Policy Advisory Council.
The recipient of numerous awards for leadership, social impact and innovation, Ms. Duckworth holds an M.B.A. from the Wharton School and a B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin.  She is married to Tom and the mother of four children.
 




Lauren Friedman
Head of Social Enablement, Adobe
Lauren (@Lauren_Hannah) drives the content and social media strategy at Remake. She’s focused on developing the voice of the Remake brand and bring the stories of maker-shopper relationships to the forefront of the conversation in a shareable and social way.
Lauren is a digital and social marketing authority having worked with many Fortune 500 brands (Levi’s, Safeway, ABC Family) to help integrate digital and social media into their overarching marketing strategy.
She graduated from the University of Colorado School of Journalism and Mass Communication where she was Editor in Chief of the CU Independent. The transformation from print to digital during her tenure inspired her to reach beyond what was well-known in the journalism industry and experiment with social media where her passion developed.
“The root of social media is connecting people to people. In many ways, that’s Remake’s mission as well. Social media is powerful. The community is strong. Now, we can tell our story and the stories of the people who make our clothes at scale. And together, we can #remakeourworld.”
 




Rina Horiuchi
UX Design, Lyra Health
Rina leads the design strategy and visual identity at Remake. She is continuously exploring new ways to communicate the connection between the shopper and the hidden world where our fashion is created.
Rina has been a product and design lead for multiple web application companies, focusing on transparency and social causes. She led the design team at Castlight Health, a company with a mission to bring transparency to healthcare. She also partnered with Rootstrikers on a series of visual information pieces to expose issues of money in politics. At BSR, she collaborated with major automotive manufacturers (Ford, General Motors, Toyota, Honda, and Chrysler) to improve their supply chain working conditions.
Rina earned her MBA and MS in Natural Resources and Environment from the Erb Institute for Global Sustainable Enterprise at the University of Michigan. She has a BAS from Stanford University in Product Design and Japanese Studies.
“My passion is systems thinking and understanding the indirect and long-term impacts of our actions. For every product we consume, there is a long story of how it came to us, and another story of what will happen after we are done with it. I believe heightening this awareness will improve the lives and the futures of many people around the world.”
 




Sandra Rose
Sr. Director of Merchandising and Planning, The Americas, Christian Louboutin
Sandra advises Remake on product selection for their e-commerce platform and brokers key industry relationships that advance the Remake movement.
Sandra is the Senior Director of Merchandising and Planning for Christian Louboutin, overseeing the planning, procurement and management of product for North, South and Central America.
With over 10 years in the luxury sector, Sandra has developed her expertise in retail alongside top designers, artisans and key retailers including Henri Bendel, INTERMIX®, Harvey Nichols and Vogue. She brings this knowledge to the Remake team to champion human rights and environmental conservation.
“I was touched by the work Remake does and immediately felt called to action. Consumers must be educated on how and where their products are made, and more importantly, who is making them. Retail’s role in this will be two-fold: demand more transparency from brand partners and increase the focus on availability of affordable, trend-relevant and quality sustainable products.”
 












Join The MovementGet emails about ethical fashion and the stories behind the people making your clothes.










SUBSCRIBE





Welcome Remaker! You’re now part of the movement.




 
















































































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v





























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















