

Institutional Investor Home Page | Eagle Asset Management























Eagle Asset Management Home | Contact




































Institutional Investors


The material and information contained within this Web site are not meant as investment advice and should not be construed as a recommendation; or an offer to buy or sell; or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security, financial product, or instrument; or to participate in any particular trading strategy. This site is solely intended for use by institutional investors and institutional-investment industry consultants. If you do not qualify as an institutional investor, the Material shown on this site, which includes investment advisory fees, composite performance, separately managed account information may not be relevant. The information does not constitute an offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction in which such distribution is not authorized or where they are not available for distribution in the jurisdiction for the reader. If you have accessed this Web site from another site, Eagle Asset Management, Inc. is not responsible for the accuracy of information contained within the sites of other providers. Eagle Asset Management, Inc. cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any statements or data contained on this site. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of principal may occur. The performance shown may differ from other types of investment products due to differing rates of fees and expenses applicable to each product.
Investors should not rely solely on the information contained in the Web site. The information is current at the date of publication, but is subject to change without notification. All copyright, intellectual, and other property in the information contained in the Web site is held by Eagle Asset Management, Inc.. By proceeding into this Web site, you acknowledge that you are legally entitled to view this website. 
I have read the information above, agree to its contents, and confirm that I am an Institutional Investor.


Yes ()    No ()        






























Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc






































You may need to update your browser or browser settings to access our site. Click here for complete instructions.







Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional
AGFiQ.com












Contact Us
Français
















    Investor Access
  


      Log In



  

    Price & performance
  


      Mutual Funds



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



      AGF Focus Funds



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



 
      AGF Elements



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



 
      Harmony



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



  
      Pooled Funds



      Daily Prices


      Performance


      Distributions


      Codes



      Annual Tax Factors


     Annual Distribution Breakdown
 
      Performance calculator


     Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) notice
 


  

    Products
  


     Mutual Fund finder
 

     List all funds
 
     Funds by asset class
 
     Portfolio Managers and Advisors
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information & History
 

      Focus Funds



     About Focus Funds
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information & History
 

 
      AGF Elements



     About Elements
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information
 

     Group Savings Program
 

     Overview
 
     Employer
 
     Employee
 

     Tax Efficient Investing
 

     Registered Plans
 
     Distribution Types
 
     Corporate Class
 
     Series T and V
 

 
      Harmony



     About Harmony
 
     Portfolio Managers and Advisors
 
      Fund Facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


     Disclaimer Information & History
 

  
     Affluent Solutions
 

      List of Pooled Funds


     About Pooled funds
 
     AGF Gold Label
 
      Pooled Fund financial statements


     Disclaimer Information & History
 



  

    LEARNING CENTRE
  


     Resources
 

     Your Investment Matters
 
     2016 Investor Survey
 
     Rethink Risk
 
     Rethink Volatility
 
     Rethink Tax Strategies
 
     Rethink Income
 
     Value of Advice
 

 
     Investing for Retirement
 

     2017 RRSP Resource Centre
 
     Contributions
 
     Withdrawals
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 
      RRSP calculator



     Investing for education
 

     Plan type
 
     Benefits
 
     Withdrawals
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 
     FAQ
 

 
     Income for Retirement
 

     Rethink Income
 
     Withdrawals
 
      RRIF Illustrator


     Locked-in RRIFs
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 

     Tools
 

     Email Subscription Centre
 
      Performance calculator


      RRIF Illustrator


      RRSP calculator



  
     Tax-Free Saving
 

     Benefits
 
     Scenarios
 
     Forms
 
     Government links
 
     FAQ
 

     FATCA & CRS
 


  

    Forms & Resources
  


      Regulatory Documents



      Simplified Prospectuses


      Annual information forms


      Independent Review Committee (IRC)


      Fund facts


      MRFPs & quarterly disclosures


      Financial statements


     Proxy voting records
 
      NI-24-101 statement


     SecurityHolder Meeting Material
 

 
      Forms & Applications


      Monthly Fund Profiles


 
      Educational Materials



      Investor brochures


      Tax information


      Market Insights




  

    ABOUT AGF
  


     About AGF
 

     Management team
 
     AGF Asset Allocation Committee 
 
     Portfolio Managers and Advisors
 
     AGF Global Equity Team
 
     Corporate Social Responsibility
 
     Responsible Investment
 
     AGF Investments complaint process
 

 
      News at AGF



      Press releases


      AGF in the news


     Weekly Market Review
 

 
     Investor Relations
 

     Quarterly Reports
 
     Annual Reports
 
      Annual Information Forms


     Corporate Fact Sheet
 
     Investor Contacts
 
     Presentations
 
     Analyst Coverage
 
     Limited Partnerships
 
     Dividends
 

  
     Careers
 

     Career Opportunities
 
     How We Work at AGF
 
     Benefits and Rewards
 

     Corporate Governance
 

     Governance Practices
 
     Board of Directors
 
     Board Committees
 
     Disclosure
 
     Code of Ethics
 



  









Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc






A
A












AGF Investments Inc.






Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc






Baker Gilmore &  Associates Inc.






Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss, LLC






Highstreet Asset Management Inc.






Connor, Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd.






C.S. McKee L.P.










Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc.




A wholly owned subsidiary of Eagle Asset Management, Eagle Boston is an investment advisor with more than $19 billion assets under management and more than $1 billion in small-capitalization portfolios.


Head Office: Total Assets Under Management:  Portfolio Managers: Investment Style:


St. Petersburg, Florida  US$21.5 billion  17  Small-cap core




 

Investment Philosophy and Approach:
Eagle Boston is a fact-based fundamental investor seeking attractive reward-to-risk situations and refraining from pursuing fundamentally devoid fads. The managers seek stocks where growth and profitability have a high likelihood of improving beyond the expectations in the marketplace, as well as where the margin of safety (i.e., valuation) is attractive.  The investment professionals believe that financial market behaviour is determined not only by the rational interplay of demand and supply factors, but also by the reaction of market participants to external political, economic and social events. In addition, changes in investor sentiment result in alternating cycles of optimism and pessimism, influencing the short-term dynamics of the financial markets.


FUNDS MANAGED

Harmony U.S. Equity Pool










Print



Share
















Email




Top








Get in Touch With AGF


AGF Story



Corporate Social Responsibility


News at AGF

Careers

Institutional


Contact AGF:



Email




Follow us:




Facebook





LinkedIn





youTube






Disclaimer / Help / Privacy / Security / Terms of Use / Accessibility / Investors living abroad / Sitemap / Site Tour
AGF Web Site Pages © 2017 AGF Management Limited. All Rights Reserved.














Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                 - Saint Petersburg                                  , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Saint Petersburg



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















E 


Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



880 CARILLON PKWY SAINT PETERSBURG, FL 33716
Get Directions



(727) 573-8768
www.eagleasset.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2014
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $1,099,815.00
 Employee Count 13
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts James D Awad                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Eagle Boston Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                 is located at 880 Carillon Pkwy in Saint Petersburg and has been in the business of Investment Advice since 2014. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Decreases Stake in Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE:NBL)					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Deluxe Corporation (DLX)					

Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Shares Bought by M. Kraus & Co					

Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)					

Incyte Corporation (INCY) Position Boosted by Fisher Asset Management LLC					

Stewart Information Services Corporation (NYSE:STC) Stake Boosted by Fisher Asset Management LLC					

Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK) Shares Bought by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

Lazard Ltd. (LAZ) Position Held by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

State of Alaska Department of Revenue Purchases 4,669 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HA)					

National Pension Service Increases Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL)					

TransAlta Renewables Inc (RNW) Declares $0.07 Monthly Dividend					

Tompkins Financial Co. (AMEX:TMP) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.45 Per Share					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Newpark Resources, Inc. (NYSE:NR) to Sell					

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) Earns Overweight Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Ocado Group PLC’s (LON:OCDO) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group					

Paysafe Group Plc (PAYS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity					

Potbelly Corporation (PBPB) Rating Lowered to Hold at Maxim Group					

UBS AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)					

Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) Downgraded by Evercore ISI to “Underperform”					

Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Esure Group PLC (ESUR)					





 





						Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Bank of Montreal Can lowered its stake in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 20.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 378,420 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 99,271 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can owned about 0.09% of CA worth $13,043,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in CA. Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 3.4% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 3,245 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 107 shares during the last quarter.  Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 280.0% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 3,800 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners boosted its position in shares of  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares during the last quarter.  Tompkins Financial Corp boosted its position in shares of  CA by 294.7% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 5,387 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 4,022 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 5,658 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 492 shares during the last quarter. 70.62% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.42 on Friday. CA Inc. has a 52-week low of $30.01 and a 52-week high of $36.54. The firm has a market cap of $14.38 billion, a PE ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $33.50 and a 200-day moving average of $32.46. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.60 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)” was  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/bank-of-montreal-can-sells-99271-shares-of-ca-inc-ca.html. 
CA has been the topic of several recent research reports. FIG Partners raised shares of CA to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a research report on Sunday, May 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, DA Davidson cut shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In other CA news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




﻿





























Head to Head Contrast: L Brands (NYSE:LTD) & Foot Locker (FL) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for L Brands Inc

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor L Brands Inc with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Reviewing LightInTheBox Holding Co. (LITB) and Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ:LVNTA)
Head to Head Contrast: L Brands (NYSE:LTD) & Foot Locker (FL)
Check-Cap (CHEK) and Repligen Corporation (NASDAQ:RGEN) Head-To-Head Survey
Head to Head Contrast: DeVry Education Group (ATGE) & TAL Education Group (TAL)
Head to Head Review: Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) & Embotelladora Andina (AKO.B)
Reviewing Dominion Midstream Partners, (DM) & TransCanada Corporation (TRP)
Comparing Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE) and China Lodging Group, Limited (HTHT)
Head-To-Head Review: Nutraceutical International Corporation (NUTR) & Lifeway Foods (NASDAQ:LWAY)
Analyzing Gladstone Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:GLAD) & Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (EFT)
Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC
Leoni Ag (ETR:LEO) PT Set at €65.00 by Warburg Research
Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Buy Rating for McDonald’s Corporation (MCD)
Contrasting RetailMeNot (SALE) and Quotient Technology (QUOT)
Blount International (NYSE:BLT) versus Kennametal (KMT) Critical Survey
Heska Corporation (HSKA) vs. IDEXX Laboratories (NASDAQ:IDXX) Financial Comparison
SM Energy Company (NYSE:SM) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share
Dril-Quip (DRQ) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.20
FairPoint Communications (FRP) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.15
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) Share Price
Green Plains Partners (GPP) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.22







Head to Head Contrast: L Brands (NYSE:LTD) & Foot Locker (FL)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments




L Brands (NYSE: LTD) and Foot Locker (NYSE:FL) are both cyclical consumer goods & services companies, but which is the better business? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their valuation, dividends, profitabiliy, institutional ownership, risk, analyst recommendations and earnings. 
Analyst Recommendations


 Get L Brands Inc alerts:



This is a summary of recent ratings for L Brands and Foot Locker, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


L Brands
0
0
0
0
N/A


Foot Locker
0
7
15
1
2.74







Foot Locker has a consensus target price of $74.09, suggesting a potential upside of 51.36%. Given Foot Locker’s  higher probable upside, analysts clearly believe Foot Locker is more favorable than L Brands.
Earnings & Valuation
This table compares L Brands and Foot Locker’s top-line revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


L Brands
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Foot Locker
$7.78 billion
0.83
$1.13 billion
$4.89
10.01


Foot Locker has higher revenue and earnings than L Brands. 
Institutional & Insider Ownership
93.7% of Foot Locker shares are owned by institutional investors. 1.7% of Foot Locker shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, endowments and hedge funds believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.
Dividends
Foot Locker pays an annual dividend of $1.24 per share and has a dividend yield of 2.5%. L Brands does not pay a dividend. Foot Locker pays out 25.4% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Foot Locker has raised its dividend for 6 consecutive years. 
Profitability
This table compares L Brands and Foot Locker’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


L Brands
3.86%
N/A
4.70%


Foot Locker
8.39%
23.87%
16.90%


Summary
Foot Locker beats L Brands on 11 of the 12 factors compared between the two stocks.
About L Brands
L Brands, Inc. operates specialty retail business. The Company is focused on women’s intimate and other apparel, personal care, beauty and home fragrance categories. Its segments include Victoria’s Secret, Bath & Body Works, and Victoria’s Secret and Bath & Body Works International. It sells its merchandise through company-owned specialty retail stores in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Greater China, which are mall-based; through Websites, and through international franchise, license and wholesale partners. It operates in the retail brands, which include Victoria’s Secret, PINK, Bath & Body Works and La Senza. La Senza is a specialty retailer of women’s intimate apparel. It sells its La Senza products at over 120 La Senza stores in Canada. Henri Bendel sells handbags, jewelry and other accessory products through New York and 28 other stores. Mast Global is a merchandise sourcing and production function serving the Company and its international partners.
About Foot Locker
Foot Locker, Inc. is a retailer of shoes and apparel. The Company operates through two segments: Athletic Stores and Direct-to-Customers. The Company is an athletic footwear and apparel retailer, which include businesses, such as include Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Footaction, Runners Point, Sidestep and SIX:02. The Direct-to-Customers segment is multi-branded and sells directly to customers through Internet and mobile sites and catalogs. The Direct-to-Customers segment operates the Websites for eastbay.com, final-score.com, eastbayteamsales.com and sp24.com. Additionally, this segment includes the Websites, both desktop and mobile, aligned with the brand names of its store banners (footlocker.com, ladyfootlocker.com, six02.com kidsfootlocker.com, champssports.com, footaction.com, footlocker.ca, footlocker.eu, runnerspoint.com and sidestep-shoes.com).






Receive News & Ratings for L Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for L Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Damian Sousa, Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  























Feedback





Damian Sousa

Chief Compliance Officer,
Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc






Career History




Chief Compliance Officer
Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc, 2/2003-PRESENT


Chief Compliance Officer
Eagle Asset Management Inc, PRESENT



Eagle Asset Management Inc, 2002-UNKNOWN



Eagle Asset Management Inc, 2002-UNKNOWN


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Salem State University Foundation Inc
MBA, 1993


St Leo College
Bachelor's Degree, 1984








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Internal Auditor (CIA)









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.


































Eagle Investment Systems - Management Team










login





United States - English
Asia Pacific - Chinese














Blog   |   News   |   Events   |   Careers   |   Contact








Business Challenges

Data Governance

Market and Reference Data Management

Data Integration

Regulatory

Analytics

Risk Management

Streamline Processing

Assessing Investment Performance



About You

Your Market

Alternative Investors
Asset Managers
Broker Dealers
Insurance Companies
Mutual Fund Companies
Pension Firms
Sovereign Wealth Managers
Wealth Managers
Superannuations


Your Role

Chief Financial Officer
Chief Risk Officer
Chief Investment Officer
Chief Technology Officer
Operations/IT
Portfolio Manager
Sales and Marketing


Assets Under Management

< $10 Billion
$10 Billion - $50 Billion
$50 Billion - $100 Billion
> $100 Billion




Solutions

Portfolio Management

Data Management

Investment Accounting

Performance Measurement

Performance Book of Record


Investment Book of Record



Services

Deployment Options

Professional Services

Support

Training



Thought Leadership

Eagle Exchange Blog

Eagle Newsletter

Multimedia

Eagle Marketing Collateral



About Eagle

Contact Eagle

Locations

Customer Service

Management Team

Alliances

Clients

News

Articles
Previous Articles


Awards

Events

Careers



















About Eagle

Contact Eagle

Locations

Customer Service

Management Team

Alliances

Clients

News

Awards

Events

Careers







	MANAGEMENT TEAM

	 



 


Mal Cullen

Chief Executive Officer of
					Eagle Investment Systems

 
				 



				 


 


Steve Taylor

Chief Technology Officer

 


Diane McLoughlin

Chief Client Officer




				 


 


Dan St. Onge

Chief Operating Officer

 


Fred Schpero

Chief Financial Officer




				 


 


John Legrand

Head of EMEA/APAC

 


Dan Cavanaugh

Head of BNY Mellon Program Services




				 


 


Mike Fitzgerald

Head of Global Technology Services

 


Sharyn Morris

Head of Strategic Initiatives and Administration 




				 





Todd Snodgrass

Head of Solution Delivery

 


Rajan Venkitachalam

Head of Transformation

 


				 





Judy Wadness

Head of Professional Services, Americas


				 




	 




MAL CULLEN
		CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

		Mal Cullen is Chief Executive Officer of Eagle Investment Systems and has been with the company for more than 15 years. During his tenure he has held a number of leadership and executive positions, including Head of the Americas and Eagle ACCESSSM with responsibility for the operations of Eagle’s secure private cloud offering. Under Mr. Cullen’s leadership, Eagle ACCESSSM has grown to represent more than 90% of the firm’s new business around the world. Mr. Cullen has more than 25 years of experience in the development, sales, implementation and support of software solutions for the financial services industry. Mr. Cullen is also a member of the BNY Mellon Operating Committee.

		Prior to joining Eagle, Mr. Cullen spent 12 years at Financial Models Company (FMC). Over the years, he has successfully led the design and implementation of large-scale software installations throughout Canada, the United States and Europe.



Steve Taylor
Chief Technology Officer

		As Chief Technology Officer of Eagle Investment Systems, Steve Taylor drives the software, technology and architecture decisions across Eagle's investment management suite and the Eagle ACCESSSM cloud platform. This strategic guidance ensures that development directly supports the firm's corporate vision.

		An experienced, driven technologist with 20 years’ experience and success in product management, strategy, engineering and architecture, Mr. Taylor has built highly effective teams in the financial services industry across a number of different disciplines, cultures and geographies.

		Mr. Taylor joined Eagle in 2002 with responsibilities for technical services, custom development and integration capabilities for Eagle’s European clients. In 2005, he transitioned to the US heading up the Enterprise engineering teams and then taking responsibility for the technology and architecture direction of the Eagle platform. Over his 14 years at Eagle, Mr. Taylor has helped transform the Eagle technology platform to support a cloud strategy and meet the scalability, security and resiliency requirements of Eagle’s global client base.

		Prior to joining Eagle, Mr. Taylor worked at several software houses in London and Europe designing and developing data management, performance and reporting solutions for asset managers.

		Mr. Taylor earned his Bachelor of Science Honours in Computer Science from the University of East Anglia, Norwich, UK.



Diane McLoughlin
Chief Client Officer

		As Chief Client Officer of Eagle Investment Systems, Diane McLoughlin oversees sales, marketing, relationship management and market strategy. The alignment of these teams ensures the delivery of Eagle’s client commitments with unparalleled excellence. With more than 28 years of experience in software implementations, business consulting and client services, Ms. McLoughlin is uniquely qualified to address complex problems and lead her team in delivering client-centric solutions.

		Ms. McLoughlin joined Eagle in 2001 to manage the build out of Eagle's mutual fund accounting solution. In 2003, Ms. McLoughlin established the mutual fund practice within Eagle Global Professional Services, and in 2008 she began leading the Relationship Management team. Most recently, as Global Head of Relationship Management, Ms. McLoughlin demonstrated the ability to help Eagle’s clients meet their business needs, advancing the corporate mission to help the world grow assets efficiently by creating and nurturing collaborative and committed client relationships. Prior to joining Eagle, Ms. McLoughlin was a manager in the Financial Services practice at Deloitte Consulting, and held several positions at Fidelity Investments and Digital Equipment Corporation.

		Ms. McLoughlin earned a dual Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Computer Science from Boston College and her Master of Science in Computer Information Systems from Bentley College.



Dan St. Onge
Chief Operating Officer

		As Chief Operating Officer of Eagle Investment Systems, Dan St. Onge brings a financial and control-oriented perspective to his primary responsibility of overseeing Eagle's operations. Since joining Eagle in 2000, he has been instrumental in achieving organizational effectiveness and consistency of global business practices, including financial and resource forecasting, capacity planning, and development of common methodologies across all of Eagle's divisions and products. He has also been the driving force behind building and implementing sophisticated financial and operational systems and deploying enhanced management reporting structures.

		Prior to joining Eagle, Mr. St. Onge was an audit manager at Arthur Andersen LLP where he focused on the execution of audit and business advisory services for both publicly traded and private companies.

		Mr. St. Onge earned his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross and his Master of Science in Professional Accounting from the Barney School of Business at the University of Hartford. He is a Certified Public Accountant.




Fred Schpero
Chief Financial Officer

		As Chief Financial Officer of Eagle Investment Systems, Fred Schpero is responsible for overseeing all financial related issues of the company including, fiscal budgeting and planning, risk management, corporate finance, and contract negotiations.

		Prior to joining Eagle, Mr. Schpero was the chief financial officer of Conning Corporation, an asset management and research firm focused on the insurance industry. Previously, Mr. Schpero was also the head of the mergers and acquisitions team at Conning.

		Mr. Schpero earned his Bachelor of Science in Industrial Management from Purdue University's Krannert School of Management and his Master of Science in Professional Accounting from Northeastern University.

		 



John Legrand
Head of EMEA/APAC

		As Head of Eagle Investment Systems EMEA and APAC regions, John Legrand is responsible for all aspects of the business for these geographies. In this role, he is responsible for implementing and executing strategic initiatives that increase market share in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Mr. Legrand joined Eagle in 2007 and has over 20 years of sales, project management, consulting, and operations experience in the financial services industry. Mr. Legrand has a unique set of international experiences having worked for American and global organizations in both a domestic and international capacity. Mr. Legrand is headquartered in Eagle's Singapore office.

		Mr. Legrand was previously the executive director of EMEA professional services and support at Advent Software. Prior to that, he was the operations manager for Linedata Services' LongView Trading system in the UK, Europe and Asia.

		Mr. Legrand received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of New Hampshire, and a Master of Science in International Relations from the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom.



Dan Cavanaugh
		Head of BNY Mellon Program Services

		As Head of BNY Mellon Program Services at Eagle Investment Systems, Dan Cavanaugh is responsible for all business operations supporting Eagle technology and business activities with BNY Mellon, Eagle's parent organization. In this capacity, Mr. Cavanaugh oversees all aspects of Eagle in supporting BNY Mellon as both a client and partner.

		Mr. Cavanaugh joined Eagle in 2000 and has held various management positions across the organization, including roles in development, product management, professional services, and service and support. Prior to joining Eagle, Mr. Cavanaugh was a manager in the Investment Management Business Advisory Services division at Deloitte and held several positions at AIG Risk Management.

		Mr. Cavanaugh earned a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Binghamton University and is a Certified Public Accountant.



 Mike Fitzgerald
		Head of Global Technology Services

		As Head of Global Technology Services at Eagle Investment Systems, Mr. Fitzgerald is responsible for the organization’s worldwide IT and operational systems and services. In this role, he oversees global service strategy, design and operations for all corporate technologies as well as the company’s secure private cloud, Eagle ACCESSSM.  

		Mr. Fitzgerald brings over 17 years of experience to Eagle and has held multiple senior technology positions within the software and financial services industry where he integrated and developed cloud technologies on behalf of many large financial institutions. During his tenure at Eagle, he has led the development and management of the Eagle ACCESSSM platform and operations, which has become the preferred platform for new clients engaging with Eagle.

		Mr. Fitzgerald also served as vice president of government operations and services for ServiceNow, where he helped develop the company’s vertical offerings, leveraging a public cloud, for regulated industries such as financial services, utility, defense and health care.



Todd Snodgrass
Head of Solution Delivery

		As the Head of Solution Delivery at Eagle Investment Systems, Todd Snodgrass directs the initiatives that ensure the delivery of quality business solutions to Eagle’s clients, from inception and design, to development, implementation and support. In 2008, Mr. Snodgrass was tasked with redefining Eagle’s support organization to meet the demands of an expanding client base. Mr. Snodgrass developed a client-centric support model and oversees a world-class team of global support professionals who are committed to Eagle’s clients’ success.

		With more than 20 years in the financial operations industry, including 16 years at Eagle, Mr. Snodgrass has gained a unique perspective that allows him to understand Eagle’s clients’ needs. During his tenure, Mr. Snodgrass has held various positions across the Eagle organization, including positions in professional services, quality assurance, and research and development, as well as playing an instrumental role in the development of Eagle’s accounting solution.

		Prior to joining Eagle, Mr. Snodgrass was with Putnam Investments where he was responsible for a team of fund accountants. Preceding his tenure at Putnam Investments, he served in fund accounting at The Boston Company.

		Mr. Snodgrass earned a Bachelor of Arts in Business from St. Anselm College.



Rajan Venkitachalam
Head of Transformation

		As Head of Transformation at Eagle Investment Systems, Rajan Venkitachalam oversees product management, with a focus on delivering best-in-class, innovative, client-centric solutions.

		Mr. Venkitachalam brings more than 20 years of technology product management experience to Eagle, having previously held senior product management roles at a number of software and technology companies, including ServiceNow and Microsoft. He also served as chief technology officer for Bedrock Technologies, building solutions for environmental risk management and homeland defense markets. Most notably, Mr. Venkitachalam managed the development of Microsoft’s extremely successful cloud-based technologies and solutions.

		Mr. Venkitachalam earned a Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems from Bentley University and a Master of Business Administration from the F.W. Olin Graduate School of Business, Babson College. Mr. Venkitachalam is also a published author and successful entrepreneur.



Judy Wadness
Head Professional Services, Americas

		Judy Wadness is Head of Professional Services, Americas for Eagle Investment Systems. Since joining Eagle in 2009 and with more than 25 years of experience in the software and services industry, Ms. Wadness has had overall responsibility for executing on Eagle commitments and helping clients achieve business value from our software. She is accountable for client satisfaction, project management best practices, engagement team staffing, and hiring and development of professional services staff. Her goal is to ensure that her team leverages Eagle’s full capabilities to provide clients the most effective solutions available in the industry.

		Prior to joining Eagle, Ms. Wadness held the position of Senior Vice President, Technology for Fidelity Management and Research within Fidelity Investments. In that role, she partnered with business operations to deliver data management and middle office technology solutions to global investment advisors. Ms. Wadness spent most of her career at Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), a large systems integrator, where she focused on delivering custom and packaged software solutions to financial services clients.

		Ms. Wadness has a Master of Business Administration from Boston College, a Master of Science in Computer Information Systems from Bentley University, and a Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis University.



Sharyn Morris
Head of Strategic Initiatives and Administration

		As Head of Strategic Initiatives and Administration for Eagle Investment Systems, Sharyn Morris is responsible for aligning all departments of the organization to execute on strategic corporate initiatives that deliver leading technology solutions to Eagle clients. She is responsible for global internal corporate communications and is the executive sponsor of a cross-functional group focused on building exceptional employee engagement and a rich and diverse corporate culture.

		Ms. Morris joined Eagle in 2008 as a Relationship Manager, working with clients to help them meet their business needs and ensure an excellent client experience. Prior to joining Eagle, Ms. Morris held senior roles in Professional Services, Business and Client Development, and Product Management at Target Software, Inc. and Blackbaud, Inc., delivering customer relationship management solutions targeted to the world’s largest multi-office non-profit organizations.

		Ms. Morris earned a dual Bachelor of Arts in History and Economics from the University of Virginia.










	Contact Us ...

	For Sales and Marketing
	click here

	For Support contact your relationship manager or
	visit the Eagle Gateway

	For Public Relations click here





share this...











  © 2017 Eagle Investment Systems LLC. All rights reserved
Terms of Use/Trademarks | Privacy Policy |  Site Map

Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn












