


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.42
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.05
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.07%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1082,
1082,
935
and 
677
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now


































 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


WCzYGPD99CXnNW4LaOeRU-P

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















  









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 


























































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.81					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/21/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.

















































































































































Investments | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 





















































































 









































Products | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 













































Closex
 


























 









































The Capital Advantage | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.











































Closex
 






























Enhanced Equity Income Fund II (EOS) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In










Enhanced Equity Income Fund II  




EOS
Symbol



$15.37
$0.02


NAV as of Jul 21, 2017



$14.98
$-0.10


MKT as of Jul 21, 2017


-2.54%
Premium/Discountas of Jul 21, 2017





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetJun 30, 2017


 CommentaryMar 31, 2017


 CEF Connect - EOS











 

 Overview

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
10 Yrs.


 
Fund at NAV
0.13
4.97
13.75
18.84
9.28
13.15
6.90


Market Price
0.46
9.50
17.82
22.08
10.81
15.52
6.55





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volatili ty, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at NAV. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value or market  price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested and includes management fees and other expenses. Until the reinvestment of Fund distributions is completed, returns are calculated using the lower of the net asset value or market price of the shar es on the distribution ex date.  Once the reinvestment is complete, returns are calculated using the average reinvestment price.  Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative. The Fund has adopted a policy to pay common shareholders  a stable monthly distribution, and may pay distributions consisting of amounts characterized for federal income tax purposes as qualified and non-qualified ordinary dividends, capital gains distributions and nondividend distributions, also known as retu rn of capital. There is no assurance that the Fund will always be able to pay distributions of a particular size. Click here for more information.






Distribution Rates1,2







as of Jul 20, 2017


 
Distribution Rate at NAV
6.84%


Distribution Rate at Market Price
6.96%







Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Performance Inception
01/31/2005


Investment Objective
Current income


CUSIP
278277108







Portfolio Management




 
Michael A. Allison, CFA


Managed Fund since 2008


Lewis R. Piantedosi


Managed Fund since 2014


Yana S. Barton, CFA


Managed Fund since 2014






The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.



1. Distribution Rate at NAV and Market Price is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV or market price, respectively.
2. The Fund has adopted a policy to pay common shareholders a stable monthly distribution, and may pay distributions consisting of amounts characterized for federal income tax purposes as qualified and non-qualified ordinary dividends, capital gains distrib utions and non-dividend distributions, also known as return of capital.  See "Performance" for additional information.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
10 Yrs.


 
Fund at NAV
0.13
4.97
13.75
18.84
9.28
13.15
6.90


Market Price
0.46
9.50
17.82
22.08
10.81
15.52
6.55





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volatili ty, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at NAV. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value or market  price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested and includes management fees and other expenses. Until the reinvestment of Fund distributions is completed, returns are calculated using the lower of the net asset value or market price of the shar es on the distribution ex date.  Once the reinvestment is complete, returns are calculated using the average reinvestment price.  Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative. The Fund has adopted a policy to pay common shareholders  a stable monthly distribution, and may pay distributions consisting of amounts characterized for federal income tax purposes as qualified and non-qualified ordinary dividends, capital gains distributions and nondividend distributions, also known as retu rn of capital. There is no assurance that the Fund will always be able to pay distributions of a particular size. Click here for more information.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
9.52
-30.44
25.19
10.19
1.06
12.13
29.60
10.98
6.87
2.71


Market Price
-6.05
-32.50
55.65
-4.51
-7.73
12.74
35.99
15.07
6.43
1.68







Fund Facts




 
Performance Inception
01/31/2005







Distribution Rates1,2







as of Jul 20, 2017


 
Distribution Rate at NAV
6.84%


Distribution Rate at Market Price
6.96%







Distribution History3,4






Ex-Date
Distribution
Reinvest Price


 
Jul 20, 2017
$0.08750
$15.08


Jun 21, 2017
$0.08750
$14.68


May 22, 2017
$0.08750
$14.72


Apr 19, 2017
$0.08750
$14.29


Mar 22, 2017
$0.08750
$13.59


Feb 16, 2017
$0.08750
$13.69


Jan 20, 2017
$0.08750
$13.44


Dec 21, 2016
$0.08750
$13.02


Nov 21, 2016
$0.08750
$12.97


Oct 20, 2016
$0.08750
$13.10





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years.






Tax Character of Distributions








Ordinary Dividends

 

 



Non-Qualified
Qualified
Total

Capital Gain Distributions
Nondividend Distributions
Total Distributions


 
Distributions ($)
as of  Dec 31, 2016


2016
$0.00
$0.05
$0.05

$0.13
$0.87
$1.05


2015
$0.00
$0.13
$0.13

$0.55
$0.37
$1.05


2014
$0.03
$0.17
$0.20

$0.85
$0.00
$1.05


2013
$0.00
$0.13
$0.13

$0.92
$0.00
$1.05


2012
$0.00
$0.11
$0.11

$0.00
$0.95
$1.06


2011
$0.00
$0.03
$0.03

$0.00
$1.08
$1.11


2010
$0.00
$0.07
$0.07

$0.00
$1.34
$1.41


2009
$0.00
$0.08
$0.08

$0.00
$1.65
$1.73


2008
$0.03
$0.00
$0.03

$0.00
$1.70
$1.73


2007
$1.24
$0.15
$1.39

$0.21
$0.13
$1.73


2006
$1.20
$0.38
$1.58

$0.08
$0.07
$1.73


2005
$1.31
$0.13
$1.44

$0.00
$0.00
$1.44


 
Distributions (%)
as of  Dec 31, 2016


2016
0.00%
5.10%
5.10%

12.00%
82.90%
100.00%


2015
0.00%
12.26%
12.26%

52.44%
35.30%
100.00%


2014
3.00%
16.49%
19.49%

80.51%
0.00%
100.00%


2013
0.00%
12.03%
12.03%

87.97%
0.00%
100.00%


2012
0.00%
10.56%
10.56%

0.00%
89.44%
100.00%


2011
0.00%
2.79%
2.79%

0.00%
97.21%
100.00%


2010
0.00%
4.68%
4.68%

0.00%
95.32%
100.00%


2009
0.00%
4.67%
4.67%

0.00%
95.33%
100.00%


2008
1.48%
0.00%
1.48%

0.00%
98.52%
100.00%


2007
71.33%
8.93%
80.26%

12.06%
7.68%
100.00%


2006
69.29%
21.91%
91.20%

4.67%
4.13%
100.00%


2005
90.68%
9.32%
100.00%

0.00%
0.00%
100.00%





This data reflects distributions paid on Fund shares held for the full calendar year and is not predictive of the tax character of current or future distributions.  Fund shareholders should refer to the individual IRS Form 1099-DIVs provided to them shor tly after each year-end to determine the appropriate federal income tax treatment of the distributions they receive.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for any errors in tax reporting that may result from using the above data. Non-qualified ordinary dividen ds are subject to federal income tax at ordinary rates.  Qualified dividends and capital gains distributions are taxable at long-term capital gains rates. Nondividend distributions, also known as return of capital distributions, are not subject to curren t federal income tax.  Instead, the tax cost basis of each shareholder receiving a return of capital distribution is reduced by the amount of the distribution. The Fund has adopted a policy to pay common shareholders a stable monthly distributi on. In an effort to maintain a stable distribution amount, the Fund may pay distributions consisting of amounts characterized for federal income tax purposes as qualified and non-qualified ordinary dividends, capital gains distributions and nondividend d istributions, also known as return of capital. There is no assurance that the Fund will always be able to pay distributions of a particular size. In recent years, a significant portion of the Fund's distributions has been characterized as a return of cap ital. Click here for more information.





The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.



1. Distribution Rate at NAV and Market Price is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV or market price, respectively.
2. The Fund has adopted a policy to pay common shareholders a stable monthly distribution, and may pay distributions consisting of amounts characterized for federal income tax purposes as qualified and non-qualified ordinary dividends, capital gains distrib utions and non-dividend distributions, also known as return of capital.  See "Performance" for additional information.
3. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of nondividend distributions, also known as return of capital, or short term capital gains. The federal income tax character of distributions paid to a shareholder is reported on the IRS Form 1099-DIV prov ided to the shareholder shortly after each year-end. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
4. The Fund has adopted a policy to pay common shareholders a stable monthly distribution. In an effort to maintain a stable distribution amount, the Fund may pay distributions consisting of amounts characterized for federal income tax purposes as qualified  and non-qualified ordinary dividends, capital gains distributions and nondividend distributions, also known as return of capital. There is no assurance that the Fund will always be able to pay distributions of a particular size. In recent years, a signi ficant portion of the Fund's distributions has been characterized as nondividend distributions, also known as return of capital. Click here for more information.
 Portfolio

Fund Holdings (%)5,6as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
Alphabet Inc - CL C
8.39%


Amazon.com Inc
6.27%


Facebook Inc
5.74%


Visa Inc
3.91%


Apple Inc
3.06%


Celgene Corp
3.04%


salesforce.com Inc
2.66%


Broadcom Ltd
2.60%


Microsoft Corp
2.15%


Ecolab Inc
2.03%





View All







Complete options holdings for this Fund may be seen in the Fund’s quarterly N-Q filing.  Common equity holdings are released on a monthly basis with a 30-day lag.  wner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0">Click here for more information.


The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.



5. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
6. Percent of total net assets.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.



 Management
Biography


Michael A. Allison, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2000


Michael Allison is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, a director of equity strategy implementation and a structured equity portfolio manager on a number of Eaton Vance’s global and domestic equity income and tax-managed equity portfolios.  On those funds, he is responsible for portfolio construction, tax oversight and risk management. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2000.
Mike began his career in the investment management industry in 1988. Before joining Eaton Vance, Mike was an equity analyst for Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. He was also affiliated with Fleet Investment Advisors and Phoenix Home Life  Mutual Fund Insurance Co.
Mike earned a B.S.B.A. from the University of Denver. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S.B.A., The University of Denver


Experience

Managed Fund since 2008




Other funds managed

Enhanced Equity Income Fund
Risk-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund
Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund
Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Income Fund
Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Opportunities Fund
Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income Fund
Tax-Managed Buy-Write Opportunities Fund
Tax-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund
Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund
Tax-Managed Global Diversified Equity Income Fund


 



Biography


Lewis R. Piantedosi
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 1999


Lewis Piantedosi is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, director of growth equity and team leader of Eaton Vance's growth team, where he also serves as a portfolio manager. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and  risk management for the firm's growth equity strategies. He is a member of the firm's Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 1993.
Lew began his career in the investment management industry in 1993. Prior to rejoining Eaton Vance in 1999, he served as partner, portfolio manager and equity analyst with Freedom Capital Management. Previously, he was a research analyst with Eaton Vance  Management.
Lew earned a B.A. from Framingham State College and an MBA from Bentley University.


Education

B.A. Framingham State College
M.B.A McCallum Graduate School of Business, Bentley College


Experience

Managed Fund since 2014





 



Biography


Yana S. Barton, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 1997


Yana Barton is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s growth team. She is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the firm’s growth equity strategies. S he is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. She began her career in the investment management industry with Eaton Vance in 1997.
Yana earned a B.S. from the University of Florida. She is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S. University of Florida


Experience

Managed Fund since 2014





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2017



Commentary
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2012



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2016



Important Quarterly Equity Option Fund Data
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



Equity Option Closed-End Fund Guide
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




Return of Capital Distributions Demystified
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 1, 2016



Reinvesting Closed-End Fund Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 1, 2016



Morningstar EOS Fact Sheet
Download




Eaton Vance Announces Upcoming Retirement of Walter A. Row III
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2015



Eaton Vance Announces Updated Results of Closed-End Fund Share Repurchase Programs
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 9, 2014



Eaton Vance Updates Results of Equity Option CEF Share Repurchase Program
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 4, 2013



Eaton Vance Announces Updated Results of Equity Option Closed-End Fund Share Repurchase Program
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 19, 2013



Eaton Vance Announces Results of Equity Option Closed-End Fund Share Repurchase Program
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2013



Eaton Vance Announces Results of Equity Option Closed-End Fund Share Repurchase Program
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 8, 2013



Eaton Vance Equity Option CEFs Adopt Share Repurchase Program
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 8, 2012



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 3, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distribution
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 1, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distribution
Download
 - Last updated: May 31, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 28, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 3, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 28, 2017



Distributions Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 1, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 31, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 3, 2017



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 30, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 30, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 3, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 30, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 29, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: May 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: May 2, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 29, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 29, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 1, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 29, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 4, 2016



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 30, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 1, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 30, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 2, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 30, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 1, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 30, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 1, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 31, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 3, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 31, 2015



Section 16 Filings - www.sec.gov
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2011



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2016












 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Equity Option Closed-End Fund GuideMar 31, 2017Important Quarterly Equity Option Fund DataMar 31, 2017Reinvesting Closed-End Fund DistributionsOct 1, 2016Return of Capital Distributions DemystifiedOct 1, 2016Eaton Vance Announces Upcoming Retirement of Walter A. Row IIIJun 30, 2015Morningstar EOS Fact SheetAug 5, 2011Section 16 Filings - www.sec.govJun 30, 2011 
Find Other Products

Spotlight Products
Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund
Municipal Opportunities Fund
Atlanta Capital Select Equity Fund
Floating-Rate Municipal Income Fund
High Yield Municipal Income Fund
National Municipal Income Fund
Short Duration Strategic Income Fund
Global Macro Absolute Return Fund
Balanced Fund
TABS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund
TABS Intermediate-Term Municipal Bond Fund
Multisector Income Fund
Parametric Emerging Markets Fund
High Income Opportunities Fund
Income Fund of Boston
Parametric International Equity Fund
Floating-Rate & High Income Fund
Floating-Rate Advantage Fund
Floating-Rate Fund
Tax-Managed Growth Fund 1.2
TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund
Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund
Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund


Products listed in the Find Other Products section may have different investment objective(s), risks, and charges and expenses.

 








Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Enhanced Equity Income Fund II (EOS)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept


























EOS Stock Price - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








2:50p

Chris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France



2:48p

Playing golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception



2:47p

Death watch: How much longer can golf survive?



2:43p

Jordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback



1:48p

Updated
Trafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot



12:28p

This is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole



12:09p

Updated
Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap



12:09p

Updated
Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks



12:09p

Updated
Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks



12:05p

As GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


EOS


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



EOS
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

Watchlist 
CreateEOSAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
14.98



-0.10
-0.66%






Previous Close




$15.0800





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




59.62% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    73.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 123.1K
            





Open: 15.07
Close: 14.98



14.9800
Day Low/High
15.0824





Day Range



12.7600
52 Week Low/High
15.1197


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$15.07



Day Range
14.9800 - 15.0824



52 Week Range
12.7600 - 15.1197



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
47.66M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.85



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
7.01%



Dividend
$0.09



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 20, 2017



Short Interest
44.8K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
123.08K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.60%







1 Month


1.08%







3 Month


8.32%







YTD


17.03%







1 Year


13.06%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










Eaton Vance Enhanced Income Equity Fund II, Wowjoint Holdings: Biggest Price Decliners (EOS, BWOW)


Dec. 15, 2010 at 12:50 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?
Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds
Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

Jul. 5, 2017 at 12:47 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell
2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell

Jun. 27, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)
5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)

Jun. 16, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds
Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

Jun. 2, 2017 at 4:34 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield
This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield

May. 29, 2017 at 9:15 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review
The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

May. 25, 2017 at 6:36 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review
Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review

May. 23, 2017 at 8:25 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds
Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

May. 5, 2017 at 1:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land
The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

May. 2, 2017 at 11:32 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water


Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds


Apr. 4, 2017 at 12:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback (QYLD, EOS)


Mar. 27, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Dividend Investors: Are You Prepared To Climb Mt. Everest?


Mar. 23, 2017 at 4:26 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow


Mar. 8, 2017 at 1:51 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds


Mar. 8, 2017 at 1:51 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2016 4th Quarter Earnings And Performance Review


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:34 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs


Feb. 27, 2017 at 5:18 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on funds


Feb. 2, 2017 at 2:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty


Jan. 26, 2017 at 8:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions

Jun. 30, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds

Jun. 1, 2017 at 4:56 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions

May. 31, 2017 at 2:48 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions

Apr. 28, 2017 at 1:05 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Mar. 31, 2017 at 3:28 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Mar. 1, 2017 at 5:46 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Feb. 28, 2017 at 2:52 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Feb. 1, 2017 at 3:51 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Jan. 31, 2017 at 2:32 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Jan. 3, 2017 at 3:50 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Dec. 1, 2016 at 4:22 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Nov. 30, 2016 at 12:29 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Nov. 1, 2016 at 4:25 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Oct. 31, 2016 at 2:36 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Oct. 3, 2016 at 4:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Sep. 30, 2016 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:54 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:54 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Aug. 31, 2016 at 2:25 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Aug. 31, 2016 at 2:25 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





TEAM

-0.64%








CDXS

0.89%








BKMU

4.86%








GRMN

0.51%








TLND

0.78%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































EOS Stock Price - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








2:50p

Chris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France



2:48p

Playing golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception



2:47p

Death watch: How much longer can golf survive?



2:43p

Jordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback



1:48p

Updated
Trafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot



12:28p

This is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole



12:09p

Updated
Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap



12:09p

Updated
Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks



12:09p

Updated
Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks



12:05p

As GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


EOS


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



EOS
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

Watchlist 
CreateEOSAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
14.98



-0.10
-0.66%






Previous Close




$15.0800





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




59.62% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    73.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 123.1K
            





Open: 15.07
Close: 14.98



14.9800
Day Low/High
15.0824





Day Range



12.7600
52 Week Low/High
15.1197


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$15.07



Day Range
14.9800 - 15.0824



52 Week Range
12.7600 - 15.1197



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
47.66M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.85



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
7.01%



Dividend
$0.09



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 20, 2017



Short Interest
44.8K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
123.08K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.60%







1 Month


1.08%







3 Month


8.32%







YTD


17.03%







1 Year


13.06%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










Eaton Vance Enhanced Income Equity Fund II, Wowjoint Holdings: Biggest Price Decliners (EOS, BWOW)


Dec. 15, 2010 at 12:50 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?
Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds
Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

Jul. 5, 2017 at 12:47 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell
2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell

Jun. 27, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)
5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)

Jun. 16, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds
Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

Jun. 2, 2017 at 4:34 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield
This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield

May. 29, 2017 at 9:15 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review
The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

May. 25, 2017 at 6:36 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review
Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review

May. 23, 2017 at 8:25 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds
Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

May. 5, 2017 at 1:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land
The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

May. 2, 2017 at 11:32 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water


Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds


Apr. 4, 2017 at 12:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback (QYLD, EOS)


Mar. 27, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Dividend Investors: Are You Prepared To Climb Mt. Everest?


Mar. 23, 2017 at 4:26 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow


Mar. 8, 2017 at 1:51 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds


Mar. 8, 2017 at 1:51 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2016 4th Quarter Earnings And Performance Review


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:34 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs


Feb. 27, 2017 at 5:18 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on funds


Feb. 2, 2017 at 2:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty


Jan. 26, 2017 at 8:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions

Jun. 30, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds

Jun. 1, 2017 at 4:56 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions

May. 31, 2017 at 2:48 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions

Apr. 28, 2017 at 1:05 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Mar. 31, 2017 at 3:28 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Mar. 1, 2017 at 5:46 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Feb. 28, 2017 at 2:52 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Feb. 1, 2017 at 3:51 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Jan. 31, 2017 at 2:32 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Jan. 3, 2017 at 3:50 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Dec. 1, 2016 at 4:22 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Nov. 30, 2016 at 12:29 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Nov. 1, 2016 at 4:25 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Oct. 31, 2016 at 2:36 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Oct. 3, 2016 at 4:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Sep. 30, 2016 at 4:10 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:54 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:54 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Aug. 31, 2016 at 2:25 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions


Aug. 31, 2016 at 2:25 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





TEAM

-0.64%








CDXS

0.89%








BKMU

4.86%








GRMN

0.51%








TLND

0.78%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














    EOS Key Statistics - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. William Hayes Park 
70
2004
Chairman



Mr. Paul M. O'Neil 
63
2004
Chief Compliance Officer



Mr. Thomas Ewart Faust 
58
2004
Trustee & Vice President



Mr. Duncan William Richardson 
59
2004
Vice President



Mr. Ralph F. Verni 
74
2005
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/eos

      MarketWatch News on EOS
    
No News currently available for EOS





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/eos

      Other News on EOS
    





Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?

10:16 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

12:47 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell

12:00 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)

2:00 p.m. June 16, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

4:34 p.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield

9:15 p.m. May 29, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

6:36 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review

8:25 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

1:49 p.m. May 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

11:32 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

6:16 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

12:57 p.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback (QYLD, EOS)

11:00 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Dividend Investors: Are You Prepared To Climb Mt. Everest?

4:26 p.m. March 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

2:51 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

2:51 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2016 4th Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

5:34 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs

6:18 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on funds

3:49 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty

9:43 a.m. Jan. 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II
Two International Place


Boston, Massachusetts 02110




Phone
1 6174828260


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for EOS











/news/pressrelease/company/us/eos

      Press Releases on EOS
    




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
11:38 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:56 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:48 p.m. May 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
1:05 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:28 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
6:46 p.m. March 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:52 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:51 p.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:32 p.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:50 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
5:22 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
1:29 p.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:25 p.m. Nov. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:36 p.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:04 p.m. Oct. 3, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
4:10 p.m. Sept. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:54 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:54 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:25 p.m. Aug. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:25 p.m. Aug. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































    EOS SEC Filings - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II SEC Filings - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        

















Show All


8-K



10-K



10-Q



Proxy



Registration



13D



13F



13G







SEC Filings for Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II
    
Getting Started with SEC Filings



Filing Date
Document Date
Type
Category
Amended



02/27/2017


04/20/2017


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







01/25/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/26/2016


04/21/2016


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/03/2016


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







02/27/2015


04/23/2015


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/27/2014


04/24/2014


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/26/2013


04/19/2013


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/22/2012


04/20/2012


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/14/2012


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/22/2011


04/22/2011


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







01/20/2011


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







02/22/2010


04/23/2010


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/23/2009


04/24/2009


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







08/25/2008


08/25/2008


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







08/27/2007


08/27/2007


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







08/29/2006


08/29/2006


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







08/29/2005


08/29/2005


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement














      SEC Filings provided by EDGAR Online, Inc.















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































    EOS Insider Trading - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Transactions - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        



















Sorry, there are no insider transactions for this symbol.

        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    










Transaction Summary
Total insider purchases and sales reported to the SEC
Data not available.



            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. William Hayes Park 
Chairman




Mr. Paul M. O'Neil 
Chief Compliance Officer




Mr. Thomas Ewart Faust 
Trustee & Vice President




Mr. Duncan William Richardson 
Vice President




Mr. Ralph F. Verni 
Director




Ms. Valerie A. Mosley 
Trustee




Mr. George J. Gorman 
Trustee




Ms. Cynthia E. Frost 
Trustee




Ms. Susan J. Sutherland 
Trustee




Mr. Scott E. Eston 
Trustee




Dr. Helen Frame Peters 
Trustee




Dr. Harriett Tee Taggart 
Trustee




Mr. James F. Kirchner 
Treasurer




Ms. Maureen A. Gemma 
Secretary, Chief Legal Officer & Vice President









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    EOS News - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        

















/news/latest/company/us/eos

      MarketWatch News on EOS
    
No News currently available for EOS







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/eos

      Other News on EOS
    





Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?

10:16 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

12:47 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell

12:00 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)

2:00 p.m. June 16, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

4:34 p.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield

9:15 p.m. May 29, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

6:36 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review

8:25 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

1:49 p.m. May 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

11:32 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

6:16 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

12:57 p.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback (QYLD, EOS)

11:00 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Dividend Investors: Are You Prepared To Climb Mt. Everest?

4:26 p.m. March 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

2:51 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

2:51 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2016 4th Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

5:34 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs

6:18 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on funds

3:49 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty

9:43 a.m. Jan. 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/eos

      Press Releases on EOS
    




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
11:38 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:56 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:48 p.m. May 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
1:05 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:28 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
6:46 p.m. March 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:52 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:51 p.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:32 p.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:50 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
5:22 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
1:29 p.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:25 p.m. Nov. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:36 p.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:04 p.m. Oct. 3, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
4:10 p.m. Sept. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:54 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:54 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:25 p.m. Aug. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:25 p.m. Aug. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...


















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































EOS Annual Income Statement - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Annual Financials



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II


View Ratios


            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































    EOS Analyst Estimates - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        




























Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust





















































































 





 

 

 

 







 

 

 

 







 

 

 

 


 


 







18Jul

Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income TrustJimmy Nichols





The ETF's YTD performance is 0%, the 1 year is 0% and the 3 year is 0%.Over the course of the day 44,649 shares traded hands, as compared to an average volume of 275,370 over the last 30 days for Eaton Vance Risk-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund (NYSEARCA:ETJ). 12 funds opened positions while 43 raised stakes. Prelude Management Ltd Company holds 1,200 shares or 0% of its portfolio.Shares of Eaton Vance Corporation (NYSE:EV) traded down 0.25% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $48.09. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management Llc, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 16,201 shares. First Tru Advisors Ltd Partnership reported 0% stake.Among 2 analysts covering SP Plus (NASDAQ:SP), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. It was reported on Jul, 17 by Finviz.com. Bancshares Of America Corp De owns 1.41M shares. Magnetar Lc reported 26,942 shares. J P Morgan Chase & Co restated an "underweight" rating and issued a $47.00 price target (up previously from $40.00) on shares of Eaton Vance Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, June 6th. A reading between 0 and -20 would indicate an overbought situation. Eaton Vance Corporation had a return on equity of 36.63% and a net margin of 18.39%. A value of 50-75 would signal a very strong trend, and a value of 75-100 would indicate an extremely strong trend. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/18/eaton-vance-corporation-ev-shares-bought-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc-updated.html. Additionally, Eaton Vance Corp. (NYSE:EV), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 7 Hold. Therefore 0 are positive.

Trump participates in 'Made in America' product showcase

Eaton Vance Corporation (NYSE:EV) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 24th. As per Friday, September 4, the company rating was maintained by UBS. Citigroup upgraded the stock to "Neutral" rating in Thursday, August 20 report.07/21/2015 - Eaton Vance Corporation was downgraded to " by analysts at Credit Suisse. The firm has "Outperform" rating by RBC Capital Markets given on Wednesday, September 9. Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund (EOI) has $542.16 million valuation. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated a "hold" rating and set a $50.00 price target on shares of Eaton Vance Corporation in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Five Star Senior Living Inc (NASDAQ:FVE) has declined 9.09% since July 17, 2016 and is downtrending.Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust (the Trust) is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The company has market cap of $372.27 million. The Company operates as an investment advisor to funds and separate accounts. It has a 19.4 P/E ratio. The Fund's portfolio includes its investments in various sectors, such as aerospace and defense, banks, beverages, biotechnology, chemicals, commercial services and supplies, containers and packaging, diversified telecommunication services, electric utilities, electrical equipment, energy equipment and services, equity real estate investment trusts, food products, healthcare equipment and supplies, household durables, household products, industrial conglomerates, insurance, Internet and direct marketing retail, Internet software and services, machinery, metals and mining, personal products, pharmaceuticals, professional services, and road and rail.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.



Related news:


Goldman Sachs Group, Inc


The European Union imposed new sanctions against Syria


Denali Advisors LLC Buys New Stake in Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG)


Ed Sheeran posts Instagram picture after Game of Thrones cameo


Ed Sheeran Had A Cameo Game Of Thrones Season 7 Premiere


Govt to give Visa to PoK resident Osama Ali for medical treatment


CONSOL Energy Inc. (NYSE:CNX) Given "Buy" Rating at Stifel Nicolaus


Turkey's Erdogan to seek extended state of emergency


Wall St opens flat in run-up to big earnings


Four-Star Forward Jerome Hunter Commits to Indiana Hoosiers


Trump campaign paid lawyer now representing son $50000 in June


Backlash as GoT fans slam Ed Sheeran's cameo as singing soldier


Jammu and Kashmir: Army officer shot dead by jawan in Uri sector


Share this:












 










Hot News 



Price Target Analysis General Motors Company (GM)

Jul 18, 2017 - 12:18 


The auto manufacturer reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.05.  Advisors Capital Management LLC's holdings in General Motors were worth $17,909,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.





Kodak's camera-first smartphone EKTRA now in India for Rs 19990

Jul 18, 2017 - 12:13 


On the front, the Kodak Ektra houses 13-megapixel front-facing shooter with an f/2.2 aperture, Phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF). The phone launched in India for a price of Rs 19,990 and will be a Flipkart exclusive available from 18th July from 4 PM.





National Parks to increase Lifetime Senior Pass fee from $10 to $80

Jul 18, 2017 - 12:01 


Seniors can also purchase online or by mail (postmarked by August 28), but will be charged an additional $10 processing charge. Roosevelt Historic Site, the Eleanor Roosevelt National Historic Site and the Vanderbilt Mansion Historic Site in Hyde Park.





White House hires Ty Cobb as in-house counsel on Russian Federation  investigations

Jul 18, 2017 - 11:47 


Trump Jr. hired an attorney of his own, Alan Futerfas, earlier in the week. Jared Kushner's lawyer taking the lead on the Russia-related matters.





Colorado man throws baby into traffic, woman comes to rescue

Jul 18, 2017 - 11:30 


Willner and her husband then jumped out of their auto as she grabbed the child and her husband went after the suspect. The suspect can be seen running away in surveillance video, followed by Willner's husband and two other witnesses.





Knicks open to moving on with or without Anthony

Jul 18, 2017 - 11:28 


Per Tony Williams of Metro New York, general manager Scott Perry added that a timeline for a potential deal is not set. Mills said that if a trade made sense he would move Anthony, but he could "easily be part of the team".


CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ:CYBR) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Morgan Stanley

Jul 18, 2017 - 11:22 


The brokerage now has $45.00 target price on the technology company's stock, down from their prior target price of $63.00. In terms of Buy, Sell or Hold recommendations, Cyberark Soft Ord (NASDAQ:CYBR) has analysts' mean recommendation of 2.1.





Ed Sheeran Makes Cameo in 'Game of Thrones' Premiere

Jul 18, 2017 - 11:13 


After his cameo, thousands of GoT fans took to social media to completely bash the Shape of You singer. Sheeran's episode is expected to air in January.





Manipur: Two Congress MLAs join BJP-led coalition government

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:56 


Former Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot was scheduled to cast his vote in Gujarat since he had gone to that state. Out of this, 224 MLAs and a parliamentarian have cast their votes; two MLAs have not cast their votes.





Ed Sheeran Already Has His Next TV Cameo Lined Up

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:45 


But the most furious fury was clearly spent on one aspect of the season premiere in particular - the cameo by pop star Ed Sheeran .


How Analysts Rated Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC) Last Week?

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:44 


Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 176,718 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,157,526.76. The modifications in laws and regulations, and competition from major integrated oil companies pose risks to the stock.





South Korea proposes rare military talks with North at Panmunjom

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:38 


Tongilgak is a North Korean building at the Panmunjom truce village on the border used for previous inter-Korea talks. If they were to go ahead, they would be the first high-level talks since 2015, BBC reported .





Not as Hot & Less Humid for the Weekend

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:33 


With increasing humidity and an approaching weak front, spotty PM pop-up showers and storms are possible Monday and Tuesday . By the second half of next week, temperatures will soar into the upper 90s to near 100 to the west once again.





The 10 funniest tweets about Ed Sheeran's 'infuriating' Game of Thrones cameo

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:32 


In the upcoming 29 season, Sheeran will be playing a musician called Brendan and Lisa Simpson instantly falls in love with him. In March, showrunner David Benioff said Sheeran was cast because Williams was a "big fan" and they wanted to "surprise her".





ESPN Report Update on Liverpool's Move to Sign Naby Keita

Jul 18, 2017 - 10:30 


It's going to be a good test for us because it's going to be our first game and the manager wants to play in a certain way. We always want to improve as a team.











 





 


















Eaton Vance Floating Rate Income Trust (NYSE:EFT) Valuation According To Analysts

































  Headlines
                

Parts of Senate GOP Health Care Bill Break Rules, Parliamentarian Says 
California Starbucks customer fights off knife-wielding robber 
Urgent UN talks requested after Jerusalem clashes: diplomats 
Doctor's book on Mandela in poor taste: Moseneke 
Iran announced the launch of a missile of mass destruction 
Afghanistan: 13 militants killed in airstrike 
Planned Parenthood May Have Just Been Saved By This Obscure Senate Rule 


























News
Money Entertaiment Industry Sci-tech Sports World Medicine National 




Money
Entertaiment
Industry
Sci-tech
Sports
World
Medicine
National


 


Eaton Vance Floating Rate Income Trust (NYSE:EFT) Valuation According To Analysts
Pauline Gross
July 13, 2017



Share













Kellner Capital Llc sold 14,600 shares as Humana Inc (HUM)'s stock rose 11.38%. The Kellner Capital Llc holds 12,400 shares with $2.53M value, down from 27,000 last quarter. Eaton Corp Plc now has $35.99 billion valuation. LINZNER JOEL sold $1.00M worth of stock or 10,000 shares.Wall Street await Eaton Corporation, PLC Ordinary Shares (NYSE:ETN) to release earnings on August, 1. It has outperformed by 14.32% the S&P500.While taking a look at financials, we can look at a number of key indicators about Veeva Systems Inc. The stock has "Buy" rating by Longbow on Tuesday, April 4. Therefore 91% are positive. As per Wednesday, August 26, the company rating was upgraded by Vertical Research. Edge Wealth Management Llc acquired 24,932 shares as Eaton Corp Plc (ETN)'s stock rose 8.91%. Finally, JMP Securities assumed coverage on shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC in a research report on Monday, June 19th. As per Thursday, February 4, the company rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets. Bernstein downgraded the shares of ETN in report on Monday, November 2 to "Market Perform" rating. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company was upgraded on Monday, January 9 by Bank of America.Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of Eaton Vance Corporation by 1.7% in the second quarter.The ETF's YTD performance is 0%, the 1 year is 0% and the 3 year is 0%. 9 funds opened positions while 16 raised stakes.Capital International Ltd increased 01 stake by 4.68M shares to 5.18 million valued at $5.63 million in 2016Q4. Weiss Asset Limited Partnership holds 18,305 shares or 0.03% of its portfolio. Dillon And Associates Inc holds 0.12% or 3,856 shares. The Ohio-based Bartlett Ltd Liability Corporation has invested 0% in Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (NYSE:ETV). Penn Capital Management Co Inc, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 1.14 million shares. Joel Isaacson & Ltd Liability Co invested in 0% or 1,250 shares. Glenmede Tru Na owns 0.08% invested in Eaton Corporation, PLC Ordinary Shares (NYSE:ETN) for 210,858 shares. Cwm Limited Liability Company accumulated 101 shares. Scotia stated it has 18,083 shares or 0.02% of all its holdings.
Nadal knocked out by Muller in five-set epic
					Still, things were not looking good for Nadal when he served while down 5-4 and double-faulted to trail 15-40.  Muller finished the match with 95 winners and 30 aces, while Nadal had 77 winners and 23 aces in the match.
				
Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
					Intel Corporation (INTC ) shares are up 1.37% for the week and that has got investors and traders sitting up and taking note. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advsrs Ltd Liability Partnership Ma holds 0.18% or 226,390 shares in its portfolio.
				
Capcom Offers A Stellar New Package Of Games On Humble Bundle
					The Humble Capcom Rising Bundle's $1 tier consists of DmC: Devil May Cry, Strider , and Umbrella Corps . That's quite an appealing brew of Resident Evil games plus a taste of the Dead Rising 2 experience.
				Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. 24,890 were accumulated by Nomura Inc. Japan-based Sumitomo Life has invested 0.34% in Eaton Corporation, PLC Ordinary Shares (NYSE:ETN). Natixis Asset Mgmt invested in 32,960 shares. Therefore 0 are positive. Eaton Corporation had 55 analyst reports since July 31, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a "hold" rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC in a research report on Friday, July 7th. The firm has "Neutral" rating given on Thursday, October 15 by William Blair. The company's revenue was up.7% compared to the same quarter a year ago. The rating was maintained by Cowen & Co with "Outperform" on Thursday, May 26. Atlantic Trust Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC by 3.3% in the first quarter. They issued a "market perform" rating on the stock. Finally, ValuEngine raised shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. RBC Capital Markets has "Hold" rating and $7800 target.The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. The firm earned "Underperform" rating on Monday, October 19 by CLSA. Sfmg Ltd Llc reported 1,723 shares. (NASDAQ:EA) for 605,180 shares. Orchids Paper Products Company (NYSEMKT:TIS) was reduced too.Beta of 1 means volatility that mirrors the degree and direction of the market as a whole. It has a 31.86 P/E ratio. The Company's services include Project Services; Process, Scientific, and Systems Consulting Services; Construction Services, and Operations and Maintenance Services.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.77 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.14, from 0.86 in 2016Q3. The total value of its holdings increased 11.7%. 48 funds opened positions while 153 raised stakes. The industrial products company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.09. Commonwealth Equity Inc has 0.01% invested in Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund (NYSE:EOI). Retirement Of Alabama invested in 0.02% or 58,906 shares.The stock increased 0.09% or $0.07 during the last trading session, reaching $80.45. The institutional investor owned 35,384 shares of the industrial products company's stock after selling 466 shares during the period. Mcrae holds 3.87% of its portfolio in Eaton Corporation, PLC Ordinary Shares (NYSE:ETN) for 130,703 shares. Penn Cap Management Com Inc reported 0.04% stake. Moreover, Mitsubishi Ufj Trust & Bk has 0.04% invested in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) for 316,288 shares.


 




Other reports by GizPress 







Green Square Capital LLC Increases Position in Frontier Communications Corporation (FTR)









13 July 2017




Frederick Marine among 16 killed in MS  plane crash







(NYSE:JPM) Stock Closed 8.0% Above Its 50 Day Average











13 July 2017




This Tiny, Catholic Island Nation Just Legalized Same-Sex Marriage









13 July 2017




In reversal, Afghan girls get US visas to attend robotics competition









13 July 2017




U.S.  cities, states, businesses to measure emissions, stick with Paris accord











13 July 2017




Watch Stephen Colbert Connect Dots Between Donald Trump Jr., Russia









13 July 2017




The Wasp revealed in Ant-Man 2 concept art









13 July 2017




Their view: To benefit 300 million people, fix health care









$-0.17 EPS Expected for Precision Drilling Corp (USA) (PDS)









13 July 2017




Game Of Thrones Season 7 Images Tease What's To Come









13 July 2017




United States edges Martinique in Gold Cup at Raymond James Stadium









Recent News Articles


 
Trump says he got along "very well" with Putin during G20 meeting




 
LG invite teases V30 unveiling at IFA next month




 
US Bombers Hold Live-Fire Drills Near North Korea




Discuss This Article








 MOST POPULAR GizPress




Wisconsin officers fatally shoot naked suspect who had gun



Trump prays with evangelical leaders in Oval Office



Man United reportedly trying to hijack another Chelsea deal



Science Puts A GIF Inside Of Live Bacteria


Andreas Pereira desperate to prove his worth at Manchester United



ESPY Awards: Michelle Obama Honors Late Special Olympics Founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver



Kim Jong Un at concert feting missile test


Earnings Estimates Review: Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM)



The Batman is Starting Again From The Beginning, Says Director


Traders Secrets on General Mills, Inc. (GIS), Callon Petroleum Company (CPE)







FOLLOW OUR NEWSPAPER











LATES NEWS GizPress



 
Parts of Senate GOP Health Care Bill Break Rules, Parliamentarian Says


California Starbucks customer fights off knife-wielding robber


Urgent UN talks requested after Jerusalem clashes: diplomats


Doctor's book on Mandela in poor taste: Moseneke


Iran announced the launch of a missile of mass destruction


Afghanistan: 13 militants killed in airstrike


Planned Parenthood May Have Just Been Saved By This Obscure Senate Rule


Four Years in Pictures — Prince George's Birthday


Kislyak Ends Term As Russia's Ambassador To Washington


Two people rescued from overturned boat off the Cork coast







OTHER NEWS


Industry
Entertaiment
Money









Sources in police told Mirror that they had received specific informat...









Check them out in the gallery below to get a good look at the villain ...








U.S.  golfer Zach Johnson, the 2015  Open  champion, was the biggest m...









The movie, which also stars  Nawazuddin Siddiqui  in the lead, grabbed...








England , captained by Heather Knight, holds the head-to-head advantag...












While participating in the lively and often lighthearted  Westworld  p...









WWE Battleground  is streamed live on  WWE Network  on Sunday night - ...









The operation has been launched to prevent the Islamic State terror gr...









Check out some of the biggest highlights from the panel below! It's be...









Anthony Scaramucci , incoming White House communications director, acc...











Baozun Inc.is a brand e-commerce solutions company.  Zacks Investment ...









Most reporters, Spicer said on Friday, were "more interested in their ...








BMO Capital Markets maintained Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: A...









AlphaBay  was found to have operated for more than two years.    Alpha...









According to him, LASIEC should be commended for doing a good job.   S...
























© 2017 gizpress.com, GizPress




Sci-tech
Industry
Entertaiment
Money


National
Medicine
World
Sports





Edition

Our Contact









  EOS Quote - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II   EOS:US   New York        14.98USD   0.10   0.66%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   15.07    Day Range   14.98 - 15.08    Previous Close   15.08    52Wk Range   12.76 - 15.12    1 Yr Return   22.03%    YTD Return   22.26%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   15.07    Day Range   14.98 - 15.08    Volume   73,382    Previous Close   15.08    52Wk Range   12.76 - 15.12    1 Yr Return   22.21%    YTD Return   22.26%    NAV (on 07/21/2017)   15.36999989    Total Assets (m USD) (on 06/30/2017)   713.595    Inception Date   01/26/2005    Premium/Discount   -2.54%    Average 52-Week Premium   -4.89%    Fund Managers   MICHAEL A ALLISON / YANA S BARTON    Last Dividend (on 07/20/2017)   0.0875    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   7.01%    Expense Ratio   1.10%    3 Mo Return   10.25%    3 Yr Return   11.47%    5 Yr Return   16.35%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        GOOG:US   Alphabet Inc    62.33 k 60.14 m 8.33      AMZN:US   Amazon.com Inc    45.20 k 44.95 m 6.23      FB:US   Facebook Inc    271.73 k 41.16 m 5.70      V:US   Visa Inc    294.63 k 28.06 m 3.89      AAPL:US   Apple Inc    143.46 k 21.91 m 3.04      CELG:US   Celgene Corp    190.43 k 21.79 m 3.02      CRM:US   salesforce.com Inc    212.65 k 19.06 m 2.64      AVGO:US   Broadcom Ltd    77.91 k 18.66 m 2.58      MSFT:US   Microsoft Corp    220.86 k 15.42 m 2.14      ECL:US   Ecolab Inc    109.64 k 14.56 m 2.02           Profile   Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide current income as well as capital appreciation. The Fund invests primarily in a portfolio of large- and mid-capitalization common stocks, seeking to invest in companies with above-average growth and financial strength.    Address  Eaton Vance ManagementTwo International PlaceBoston, MA 02110USA   Phone  1-800-225-6265   Website   www.eatonvance.com              








Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II - NYSE:EOS - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II (EOS)
Follow




                                    14.98
                                

0.10
0.66




                        NYSE : Financial
                    

Jul 21, 2017 4:02 PM EDT












Prev Close
  15.08


Open
15.07


Day Low/High

                                    14.98 /
                                    15.08


52 Wk Low/High

                                    12.76 /
                                    15.12
                                


Volume
73.38K


Avg Volume 
122.40K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
47.66M


Market Cap
718.64M


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.02
                                            (0.10%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Wednesday: EVG, ETB, EOS











Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: EVG, EOS, PBA

















Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: ETO, EOS, ETW
ETO EOS ETW are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, February 18, 2016

Feb 17, 2016 10:00 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: SBW, GAIN, EOS
SBW GAIN EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, January 20, 2016

Jan 19, 2016 10:00 AM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: AGD, HIE, EOS
AGD HIE EOS are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, December 21, 2015

Dec 18, 2015 10:00 AM EST













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: ETO, EOS, EXG
ETO EOS EXG are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, November 19, 2015

Nov 18, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: SBW, DMO, EOS
SBW DMO EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, October 21, 2015

Oct 20, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Monday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: TPZ, CPTA, EOS
TPZ CPTA EOS are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, September 21, 2015

Sep 18, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: PFD, PFLT, EOS
PFD PFLT EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, August 20, 2015

Aug 19, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: GDO, ETB, EOS
GDO ETB EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, July 22, 2015

Jul 21, 2015 10:06 AM EDT













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: PFO, BSL, EOS
PFO BSL EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, June 19, 2015

Jun 18, 2015 10:02 AM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: GDO, EOS, EVT
GDO EOS EVT are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, May 20, 2015

May 19, 2015 10:01 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: GHI, BGX, EOS
GHI BGX EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Tuesday, April 21, 2015

Apr 20, 2015 10:25 AM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: AGD, EXD, EOS
AGD EXD EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, March 20, 2015

Mar 19, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CPTA, EOS, AOD
CPTA EOS AOD are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, February 18, 2015

Feb 17, 2015 10:14 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: DMO, EOS, AOD
DMO EOS AOD are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, January 21, 2015

Jan 20, 2015 10:03 AM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: FEO, ETB, EOS
FEO ETB EOS are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, December 22, 2014

Dec 19, 2014 10:06 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: SBW, EHI, EOS
SBW EHI EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, November 19, 2014

Nov 18, 2014 10:00 AM EST













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: WEA, MHY, EOS
WEA MHY EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, October 22, 2014

Oct 21, 2014 10:00 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Friday: AGD, BSL, EOS
AGD BSL EOS are going ex-dividend Friday, Friday, September 19, 2014

Sep 18, 2014 10:00 AM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: RIT, PMO, EOS
RIT PMO EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, August 20, 2014

Aug 19, 2014 10:05 AM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: AGD, INB, EOS
AGD INB EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, June 19, 2014, 4:00 AM ET

Jun 18, 2014 10:06 AM EDT













Diversification is a must in this market
Exposure to varying asset classes, and risk profiles is comforting.

Jun 9, 2014 6:02 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: EIV, EVG, EOS
EIV EVG EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, May 21, 2014, 4:00 AM ET

May 20, 2014 10:05 AM EDT













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FEO, EVG, EOS
FEO EVG EOS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, March 20, 2014, 4:00 AM ET

Mar 19, 2014 10:01 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: NDP, EOS, BGB
NDP EOS BGB are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, Feb. 19, 2014, 5:00 AM ET

Feb 18, 2014 10:03 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 5 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: ASG, PIM, EOS, FSP, TYC
ASG PIM EOS FSP TYC are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, Jan. 22, 2014, 5:00 AM ET

Jan 21, 2014 10:00 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 5 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: ENX, ETO, EOS, ETV, AWH
ENX ETO EOS ETV AWH are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, Dec. 20, 2013, 5:00 AM ET

Dec 19, 2013 10:00 AM EST













UBS Launches Exchange-Traded Note With Significant Monthly Income Potential And 2x Leveraged Exposure To A Closed-End Fund Index
UBS Investment Bank announced that today is the first day of trading on 
      the NYSE Arca
® for the 
ETRACS 
      Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Closed-End Fund ETN
 (NYSE:CEFL).

Dec 11, 2013 10:00 AM EST













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: SBW, LGP, EOS, MCC, NUS
SBW LGP EOS MCC NUS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Nov. 20, 2013

Nov 19, 2013 10:00 AM EST



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield

SeekingAlpha



The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

SeekingAlpha



The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



Dividend Investors: Are You Prepared To Climb Mt. Everest?

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



The Good Business Portfolio: 2016 4th Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

SeekingAlpha



A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on funds

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















    EOS Key Statistics - Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II

                  NYSE: EOS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


EOS

/quotes/zigman/367263/composite


$
14.98




Change

-0.10
-0.66%

Volume
Volume 73,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/367263/composite
Previous close

$
			15.08
		


$
				14.98
			
Change

-0.10
-0.66%





Day low
Day high
$14.98
$15.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.76
        

            $15.12
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. William Hayes Park 
70
2004
Chairman



Mr. Paul M. O'Neil 
63
2004
Chief Compliance Officer



Mr. Thomas Ewart Faust 
58
2004
Trustee & Vice President



Mr. Duncan William Richardson 
59
2004
Vice President



Mr. Ralph F. Verni 
74
2005
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/eos

      MarketWatch News on EOS
    
No News currently available for EOS





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/eos

      Other News on EOS
    





Equity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?

10:16 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

12:47 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





2 Red Hot Tech Funds Paying Up to 7.1%: 1 Buy and 1 Sell

12:00 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





5 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks That Yield at Least 5% (T, LSI, BX, EOS, APU)

2:00 p.m. June 16, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

4:34 p.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





This Monthly-Pay Covered Call Closed-End Fund Offers A 7.68% Distribution Yield

9:15 p.m. May 29, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2017 1st Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

6:36 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II: Great Monthly Income CEF, May 2017 Yearly Review

8:25 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

1:49 p.m. May 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

11:32 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

6:16 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

12:57 p.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback (QYLD, EOS)

11:00 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Dividend Investors: Are You Prepared To Climb Mt. Everest?

4:26 p.m. March 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance Funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

2:51 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

2:51 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Good Business Portfolio: 2016 4th Quarter Earnings And Performance Review

5:34 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs

6:18 a.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on funds

3:49 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty

9:43 a.m. Jan. 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II
Two International Place


Boston, Massachusetts 02110




Phone
1 6174828260


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for EOS











/news/pressrelease/company/us/eos

      Press Releases on EOS
    




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources of Distributions
11:38 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:56 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:48 p.m. May 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
1:05 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:28 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
6:46 p.m. March 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:52 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:51 p.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
3:32 p.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:50 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
5:22 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
1:29 p.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:25 p.m. Nov. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:36 p.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:04 p.m. Oct. 3, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
4:10 p.m. Sept. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:54 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
4:54 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:25 p.m. Aug. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Release Estimated Sources Of Distributions
2:25 p.m. Aug. 31, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:56 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.42
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.05
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.07%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1082,
1082,
935
and 
677
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


77e8U7t1n9EELFDuda3pFSc

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















  









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 


























































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.81					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/21/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































 









































Products | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 













































Closex
 





























































































Investments | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 





















































































 









































The Capital Advantage | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.











































Closex
 





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/21/17
$27.92





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/21/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$28.01
Closing Market Price


$27.98
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$28.01
Day High


$28.01
Day Low


0
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.20%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.47M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/21/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/21/17)


$27.92
NAV
(As of 07/21/17)


-0.11%
NAV 1 Day Return


11.20%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/20/2017)


% of Fund






																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.41																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Pembina Pipeline Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Sydney Airport																					

																							1.37																					



																							Galp Energia SGPS SA																					

																							1.36																					



																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.36																					



																							Novartis AG																					

																							1.36																					



																							Red Electrica Corp SA																					

																							1.36																					



																							Elisa OYJ																					

																							1.36																					



																							TELUS Corp																					

																							1.35																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/20/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$50.31B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.47B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





18.04






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.69






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.21%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/20/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.50																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.51																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/20/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.76																					



																							North America																					

																							37.33																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.27																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.65																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/20/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.06																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.34																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.76																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.34																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.26																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.99																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.94																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.32																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/20/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							17.27																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							5.31																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.55																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.91																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							7.97																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus





























	Closed-End Funds | Equity Option | Nuveen










































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF






Nuveen Covered Call Closed-End Funds 
For income-oriented investors who are seeking the growth and diversification potential of equities, but who desire higher income and reduced volatility, covered call closed-end funds (also known as equity option closed-end funds) can be an attractive diversifying portfolio opportunity.



Covered Call Strategies for Today's Income Investors 
Nuveen's covered call closed-end funds have been designed to meet the income, risk, and diversification needs of income-oriented investors. Combining a traditional equity portfolio strategy of persistently selling covered calls, then monetizing the long-term expected total returns into quarterly cash distributions, results in the strong potential for a diversifying, higher-yielding and more stable investment. 




Full/Constant Overwrite
Variable Option Overwrite




S&P 500
Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-WriteIncome Fund (BXMX)
Nuveen S&P 500 DynamicOverwrite Fund (SPXX)


Nasdaq

Nuveen Nasdaq 100 DynamicOverwrite Fund (QQQX)


DJIA

Nuveen Dow 30SM DynamicOverwrite Fund (DIAX)



What are covered call strategies?
							Covered call strategy funds invest in a portfolio of stocks, and sell call options on either individual stocks or stock indices, for the purpose of enhancing total return, reducing volatility, and providing a measure of downside protection over time.  The fund receives a premium from the buyer of the call option, and must sell or deliver the underlying stock (or cash, in the case of a stock index call option) if the call option is exercised by the buyer.  The value of the stocks that are linked to call options sold, relative to the value of full stock portfolio, is termed the Option Overwrite percentage.





Expand Your Income Options

Nuveen income-oriented equity closed-end funds
Learn More




Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund (BXMX)

A Morningstar Medalist Fund 
Learn More








Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-WriteIncome Fund (BXMX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the S&P 500 Index 
100% option overwrite 


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen S&P 500 DynamicOverwrite Fund (SPXX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the S&P 500 Index 
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen Nasdaq 100 DynamicOverwrite Fund (QQQX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the Nasdaq 100 Index
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen Dow 30SM DynamicOverwrite Fund (DIAX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the DJIA Index
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund








For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the overview tab by clicking View Fund above.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI") and has been licensed to Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC in connection with the Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund. Dow Jones Industrial Average®, The Dow™, and The Dow 30™ are trademarks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones") and have been licensed for use by S&P DJI and/or its affiliates and have sublicensed for certain purposes by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC. The Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P DJI, S&P, or their respective affiliates or third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such the Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund.
The S&P 500 (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI") and has been licensed to Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC in connection with the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund. S&P® and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC ("SPFS") and have been licensed for use by S&P DJI and/or its affiliates and have sublicensed for certain purposes by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC. The Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P DJI, S&P, or their respective affiliates or third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund.















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
				23791-INV-Y-03/18	
			


















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































