

Richard P. Emerson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 24, 2017 1:11 AM ET

Company Overview of Evercore Holdings



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Richard P. Emerson  Senior Managing Director of Investment Management Business, Evercore HoldingsAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships55--
Background

		Mr. Richard P. Emerson was a Senior Managing Director at Evercore Capital Partners. Mr. Emerson oversaw the Evercore Capital ’s investment activities and private equity business. Mr. Emerson is an Advisor at i-Hatch Ventures, LLC. Previously, he was the Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategy at Microsoft and was responsible for leading Microsoft's overall corporate development activities, including mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships ... and corporate strategy. Mr. Emerson worked closely with Microsoft’s product groups and corporate finance organization to identify, execute and manage strategic investments for long-term customer and shareholder value. Mr. Emerson was a Member of Microsoft's business leadership team. Prior to joining Microsoft in November 2000, he was the Managing Director and Co-Head of Technology and Telecommunications Advisory Services at Lazard Frères & Co. LLC, where he ran the West Coast office, working on many of the seminal industry transactions. Mr. Emerson has spent 12 years in San Francisco and New York with Lazard and Morgan Stanley, specializing in advising clients in the technology and telecommunications sectors on mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships. Mr. Emerson has been a Director at Pendrell Corporation (ICO Global Communications (Holdings) Ltd) since October 8, 2010. He has a graduate-level technology background from Stanford in Artificial Intelligence and held summer positions at IBM's T.J. Watson Research Laboratory and G.E.'s Corporate Research and Development Laboratory. Mr. Emerson holds an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth College and a B.A. and an M.A. in Economics from Stanford University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
55 East 52nd StreetNew York, New York 10055United StatesPhone: 212-857-3100Fax: 212-857-3101
Board Members Memberships
2010-PresentDirectorPendrell Corporation
Education
MA Stanford UniversityBA Stanford UniversityMBA Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth
Other Affiliations
Evercore Capital PartnersMicrosoft Corporationi-Hatch Ventures LLCPendrell CorporationStanford UniversityLazard LtdClearwire Corporation Prior to Reverse Merger with WiMax.com Broadband Solutions, Inc.Tuck School of Business at DartmouthClearwire Corporation


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Evercore Holdings, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























RICHARD P. EMERSON, M.D., P.A. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    RICHARD P. EMERSON, M.D., P.A.











Company number 534391
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 591741497
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 11/16/1987
        

Date Of Incorporation 5/13/1977
        

Principal Address
            250 CATALONIA AVE, CORAL GABLES, FL, 33134
            


Mailing Address 250 CATALONIA AVE, CORAL GABLES, FL, 33134
        
RICHARD P. EMERSON, M.D., P.A. Principals

President, Director
                Emerson Richard P
                 


Address
                250 CATALONIA AVE #401, CORAL GABLES, FL
                 







Last Annual Reports

1986 3/20/1986
            

1986 3/20/1986
            

1985 4/5/1985
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name EMERSON, RICHARD P MD (c)
        

Agent Address
                250 CATALONIA AVE #407, 33134
                

RICHARD P. EMERSON, M.D., P.A. Events

1 INVOLUNTARILY       DISSOLVED
            

filedDate 11/16/1987
            

Description
RICHARD P. EMERSON, M.D., P.A. has been set up 5/13/1977 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The RICHARD P. EMERSON, M.D., P.A. principal adress is 250 CATALONIA AVE, CORAL GABLES, FL, 33134. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 250 CATALONIA AVE, CORAL GABLES, FL, 33134. 
The company`s registered agent is EMERSON, RICHARD P MD 250 CATALONIA AVE #407, 33134.  
The company`s management are President, Director - Emerson Richard P. The last significant event in the company history is INVOLUNTARILY       DISSOLVED which is dated by 11/16/1987. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/20/1986.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
RICHARD PENA CLEANING SERVICE, INC.
RICHARD PENDLETON, INCORPORATED
RICHARD PENDL INC
RICHARD PENN ENTERPRISES, INC.
RICHARD PENNEY PAINTING COMPANY LLC
RICHARD PENNEY PAINTING CORP























Emerson Richard P | Tampa FL | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Emerson Richard P?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Emerson Richard P
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






E







BZ Score:
90







License # AR92867




Tampa, FL









Emerson Richard P




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Tampa

 
/


 best Architects in Tampa 

 



Updated: Jul 09, 2017





Overview

Emerson Richard P in Tampa, FL holds a Architect  license (AR92867) according to the Florida license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.Their license (AR92867) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Emerson Richard P, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Emerson Richard P Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Architectural Drawings and ...
Other Architecture and Engi...






Contact




Street Address: 3206a S Esperanza Ave, Tampa, FL 33629 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









9767 51st Terrace E, Bradenton, FL 34211

(904) 513-9494 ext. 18476


Aqua Designs & Decor




License # 0000850


Bradenton, FL







104

BZ Score


$34.8K
Avg Project 


16
Projects














887 2ND ST NORTH, Safety Harbor, FL 34695




Elite Designs Unlimited Inc




License # FLC-7252


Safety Harbor, FL







109

BZ Score


$413
Avg Project 


16
Projects














5440 Highlands Vista Cir, Lakeland, FL 33812



Elite Designs Architectural & Landscape Li...




License # ET11000982


Lakeland, FL







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Emerson Richard P Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Emerson Richard P. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Emerson Richard P










1
Rate this architect







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this architect.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Emerson Richard P,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Emerson Richard P








104


Aqua Designs & Decor







109


Elite Designs Unlimited Inc







90


Elite Designs Architectural & Landscape Lighting






Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #AR92867StatusActiveStateFloridaTypeArchitect


BuildZoom verified this license was active as of May, 2017.Verify this license's status for Emerson Richard P at the Florida Department of Business & Professional Regulation.












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Florida:













Does Emerson Richard P carry a valid contracting license?



If you pay someone to construct a building or a structure, make structural alterations to load bearing walls, or perform services such as plumbing or air conditioning work, that person must have a state contractor's license.
Emerson Richard P currently holds license AR92867 (Architect), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Florida?



The Florida Construction Industry License Board maintains high standards for contractor licensing. Prior to receiving their license, Florida contractors are required to prove four years of relevant work experience or education; pass a board examination and prove financial solvency.











Your liability risk when hiring Emerson Richard P



In Florida, licensed contractors with employees are required to carry workers' compensation insurance and attest they have obtained public liability and property damage insurance in the amounts determined by the Board.











Financial recourse when hiring Emerson Richard P



Florida maintains a recovery fund, called the Florida Homeowners' Construction Recovery Fund, which is available to a natural person who has suffered monetary damages by the financial mismanagement or misconduct of a contractor, and who has exhausted all other sources of payment. The Board makes the determination of eligibility for an award. Florida contractors are not required to carry an active bond.











What else should I know before hiring Emerson Richard P



As of 2007, the Florida DBPR began requiring license applicants to submit their fingerprints, which are used to run a criminal background check with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. In addition, they are required to provide a credit report during the license application process to demonstrate financial stability. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Florida Construction Industry License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Emerson Richard P
We will attempt to deliver your message to Emerson Richard P. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.






































































Emerson 
















Skip to Navigation
Skip to Content
Skip to Search






 










 






Helping Our Customers Address the World's Most Critical Needs

We’ve focused our new core business platforms to deliver the Automation Solutions and Commercial & Residential Solutions you can count on.So that whatever the challenge, you can always Consider It Solved™. 




THE EMERSON STORY


 



 
  









 
Bringing Project Certainty to Oil and Gas






Learn More

  


From new oil and gas projects to existing operations, we can help you achieve Top Quartile performance. 





Best Practices in Action

  








 


Our InSinkErator garbage disposal is the hidden kitchen superhero, helping address food waste across the globe.  





Fight Food Waste

  








 
Explore our Reliability Expertise






Learn More

  


Shell Australia has chosen Emerson to provide automation maintenance and reliability services for Shell’s Prelude Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) facility.  





Read More

  








 


Our top-ranked Sensi thermostat puts you in touch with the future of home comfort. 





Connect to Comfort 

  











Science, Technology, Engineering and Math


Only by inspiring a love for all things STEM can we encourage the next generation of engineers and leaders today that we will all need tomorrow. 





#ILOVESTEM

  



  










Emerson. Consider It Solved.™
Emerson is where technology and engineering come together to create solutions for the benefit of our customers, driven without compromise for a world in action. 




 


 








©2017 Emerson

Privacy Notice
Sitemap
Terms of Use

 

  

Please enable JavaScript to use this website.








403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Richard P Emerson - Menomonie, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richard P Emerson in Menomonie, WI


Richard P Emerson

                                                                           Intelius found that Richard P Emerson  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Menomonie, WI.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Rick P Emerson


Get Report Now

Age

Richard P Emerson is in his 30s

Richard Has Lived In

Menomonie, WI
Eau Claire, WI
Granada, MN

Richard's Relatives

Mia Paardt
Brady Emerson
Kimberly Wojchik
Aaron Emerson







Richard P Emerson



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richard? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richard, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richard P Emerson
Get a Criminal Check on Richard P Emerson
Get a Public Record Report on Richard P Emerson
Get a People Search Report on Richard P Emerson


Richard P Emerson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richard P Emerson has lived as well as Richard P Emerson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richard P Emerson Has Lived in 2 States
Wisconsin Address for Richard P Emerson


4079 C***** R* 

Menomonie, WI


Has Lived In

Menomonie, WI
Eau Claire, WI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richard P Emerson

(715) ***-****
(507) ***-**** - Granada, MN 
(715) ***-**** - Eau Claire, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richard P Emerson



Get Email Report




Richard P Emerson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richard P Emerson


Richard P Emerson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richard P Emerson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richard Emerson
Username Matches

                  RichardEmerson
                  EmersonRichard
                  Richard.Emerson
                  Emerson.Richard
                  Richard_Emerson
                  Emerson_Richard
                  Richard-Emerson
                  Emerson-Richard
                  REmerson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Emerson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Richard Emerson | RS&H Inc | ZoomInfo.com

