










 


ENEL Societa per Azioni ADR's (ENLAY) CEO Richard Ross on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»ENEL Societa per Azioni ADR's (ENLAY) CEO Richard Ross on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.31.15 | About: ENEL Societa (ENLAY) ENEL Societa per Azioni ADR (OTCPK:ENLAY) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2015  3:30 AM ET
Executives
Elisabetta Ghezzi - Investor Relations
Francesco Starace - Chief Executive Officer
Alberto de Paoli - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Lawson Steele - Berenberg Bank
Javier Suarez - Mediobanca
Harry Wyburd - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Anna Maria Scaglia - Morgan Stanley
Enrico Bartoli - MainFirst
Cosma Panzacchi - Bernstein
Manuel Palomo - Exane BNP Paribas
Alberto Gandolfi - UBS
Javier Garrido - JPMorgan
Antonella Bianchessi - Citigroup
Zach Mecelis - Covalis Capital
Alberto Ponti - Societe Generale
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our First Half 2015 Results Presentation, which will be presented by the CEO, Francesco Starace, and by the CFO, Alberto de Paoli. We will of course have the usual Q&A session at the end which will be open to those who are connected both on the call and on the web.
Before we start, let me also remind you that the media listen to both the presentation and the Q&A session.
Thank you again. And now let me hand over to Francesco Starace.
Francesco Starace
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Let me start with reminding everyone that we recorded the period of a very resilient performance of EBITDA, thanks to the strong recovery in Latin America, the ongoing positive results in the retail business in Italy, a very resilient operation in Iberia and a very good performance in renewables.
As a second point, interim results confirm that Latin America and renewables are our main areas of industrial growth. On top of this, in Latin America, I also remind you that we have Bocamina 2, a 350-megawatt coal plant up and running since July 2. And we are working to finalize the hydro project in El Quimbo in Colombia, it’s a 400-megawatt plant, which will be completed during the second part of this year. Since June 30, we are filling up the reservoir of El Quimbo, which is now at 95% completion. So the lake is there.
In the renewable business, we have already addressed over 60% of the growth, providing high visibility on future additions. For 2015, beside the 300 megawatts that have entered into operation during the first half, we expect to add approximately 200 megawatts during the third quarter, fully in Latin America, and in wind over 350 megawatts during the fourth quarter.
In Latin America, on July 20, the Chilean authority, SVS, has answered to Enersis, clarifying certain legal points and corporate governance suggestions related to the reorganization plan. On July 27, the Board of Directors of Enersis, Endesa Chile and Chilectra have outlined in more details the reorganization of the corporate structure. The transaction proposed not only complies with the SVS requirements, but also accelerates the process by reducing the time between the necessary spin-offs and mergers, minimizing possible uncertainties.
Fourth, on efficiencies, we have succeeded to fully offset with savings the impact from additional capacity for growth and inflation, keeping our operating costs, OpEx, broadly flat in nominal terms. This group reorganization implemented last year is leading towards a higher focus on cash flow generation. We have seen in this period clear signs of improvement in the free cash flow from operations, which has allowed us to approach the net debt target of year end despite material negative impact of the foreign exchange, euro/dollar foreign exchange.
Now let’s look at the operational highlights. We are now on the following slide, slide number 2. Total installed capacity declined to 89,000 megawatts. This follows the closure of more than 7,000 megawatts, at least 6,000 of them being in Italy, the plants that we are taking off the grid, mainly in Italy, where we have already closed more than 60% of the total 13,000 megawatt closure program.

This is a program that we have announced at the beginning of this year. We registered an increase in the net production, mainly in Iberia and in the renewable business. As a consequence, the group load factor further increased to 37% in the first half of 2015 from comparing with a 33% which was the first half of 2014.
In the distribution business, total electricity distributed increased by 1%, with significant increases in all geographies except for Italy. We have added in this period 300,000 end users in Latin America. We expect to reach – this number to reach about 0.5 million figure at the end of this year. And we have added around 800,000 digital meters in Spain and Brazil. In the retail business, we added about 400,000 free power customers in Europe, mainly in Italy.
Now let’s move to the first-half group financial figures, so we move to slide number 3. In the second quarter of the year, we recorded positive and very strong results. Our first half 2015 EBITDA rose 2%, mainly thanks to the strong recovery in Iberia, Latin America and a continuing good performance of our renewable business that offset the expected worsening performance in the Italian generation and network businesses.
The group net income rose by 10% to €1.8 billion. Group net debt increased about €2.5 billion and this is almost fully due to the negative exchange rate euro/dollar, which accounts to about €1.3 billion.
We would like now to update you on the delivery on the strategic plan announced in March this year. So we turn to page number 4. We have defined the strategic pillars, three things. The first is operational efficiency. Operational efficiency will fuel additional development, innovation and new business ideas.
The second is industrial growth. A technology focused and geographically diversified growth, much more granular and flexible in its modulation over the years. Third is portfolio management, with a minimum asset rotation that would inject a healthy tension in the way our units operate and also to adapt to synergy evolutions.
The following slides show you the achievements of the period. First of all, on efficiency program, we have succeeded to offset the additional costs that would come from additional capacity, so growth and inflation. And Alberto will explain you this later.
On industrial growth, we have secured the 2015 EBITDA growth already. 60% of our target of growth EBITDA for 2017 is also already secured, thanks to a bulk of total assets in execution of about €7.8 billion worth of investment, which is about 40% of the total growth CapEx plan.
As for active portfolio management, on the disposal side, we have received two final binding offers for Slovenske Elektrarne. Negotiations are ongoing. We expect to finalize the transaction agreement by year end.
As far as Latin America restructuring is concerned, the Board of Directors of Chilean companies have agreed, by unanimity of its members, that the execution of any possible organization in the company operations should be executed in a way that would separate activities in Chile from all other activities outside of Chile at the level of Enersis Group by means of a corporate transaction that I will explain you in detail later on.
Alberto will focus on the efficiency later; now let’s start to look at the industrial growth. The key figures on the slide that you see, on page number 5, summarize the infrastructures that we have added in the period. We are progressing in all the business drivers which underpin our strategic plan.
They are, first of all, renewable capacity addition. We almost doubled total assets under construction from about 950 megawatts which were under construction at this stage last year, to about 1.8 gigawatts today. Number of customers in Latin America increased by about 300,000 in these six months. 760,000 digital meters have been installed in the period in Spain and Brazil. Increased the number of free power and gas customers in Italy mainly of about 400,000.

And on conventional generation, we, as I said, connected and started up Bocamina 2, which is a 350-megawatt coal plant in Chile. This is working now since July 2. And Quimbo, the hydro project that we had in construction in Colombia for 100 megawatt hydro will come online the second part of the year. Moreover, we have revised in detail the project pipeline in conventional generation.
Now, we have a new and refocused pipeline of medium-sized projects, covered by potential PPAs with a shorter time to EBITDA, cutting this from more than four years to three years. We have held 18 screening committees in the first half of 2015. We have abandoned 7,000 megawatts worth of potential projects. We have added 6,000 megawatts of different projects, mostly in Latin America. And this is a big change in the pipeline nature and content. And we will make further assessment in the second half of 2015.
Let us now dive more in detail in the following charts that get to explain these things a little bit more in depth. We are progressing on industrial growth in line with the announced following criteria that are basically no merchant exposure for future projects, higher flexibility in optionality and shorter time to EBITDA. So with the exception of conventional generation projects that are ongoing, El Quimbo in particular, all other projects have time to EBITDA lower than two years.
CapEx related to projects completed in execution is about €7.8 billion. This would mean that we have covered about 40% of our growth CapEx plan which was, if you remember, €18 billion in the five years, and that gives us a lot of visibility on our growth going forward.
€1.7 billion of growth CapEx have already been accrued in the first half of 2015. This is, for your record, about a 30% increase year on year. They include €600 billion of assets in operation, so they became already producing plants which refer to the projects already completed in the first half 2015 that I have described in slide number 5.
Total projects completed in execution consist of the following. Like I said, €600 million in operations mentioned above. €7.2 billion of assets in execution corresponding to €5.5 billion of investment in renewable and conventional generation which will give us additional 3.3 gigawatts, 70% of which have commercial operation dates by year end 2016.
€1.7 billion of those €7.2 billion are related to distribution growth projects related to quality improvements, smart meters, reduction of network losses and connection to additional end users during the second half of 2015. What does this mean in terms of returns on capital and growth EBITDA? We are quite well on track on the delivery of our investment plan in terms of growth EBITDA. We have achieved about 40% of our yearly target of about €400 million in line with our guidance given back in March that here we confirm.
What we have in operation so far and all the projects in execution that we have announced before will drive us to achieve the 2015 target and address about 60% of the €1.3 billion target of growth EBITDA by 2017. I remind you that we have more than 2,000 megawatts including renewables in El Quimbo under construction which have a COD date, a commercial operation date of 2016.
We are well on track on value creation target. Returns calculated at commercial operation date on projects already entered in operation on first half 2015 have about 250 basis point, 300 basis point spread over project WACC. Projects under execution are above the minimum threshold of 200 basis points over projected WACC.
Now, let’s go the portfolio optimization part of the strategy. We plan to recycle about €5 billion of capital, which will be composed of about €2 billion of projects that are under execution. That means transactions that are in this moment being completed. This is about 40% completed. The dilution in EBITDA terms in our P&L is so far not material.

As far as Slovenske Elektrarne is concerned, let me give you a little bit of an update. We have received two binding offers so far. We have another bidder still working to submitting additional bid. Negotiations are ongoing. We expect to finalize the transaction agreement by year end.
Agreement framework is an equity sale in a two-stage process. First, we will sell a minority stake by year end in a way that we will not have the sole control of the company any longer and we will therefore fully deconsolidate the assets from the balance sheet and the profit and loss statement.
Second, we will sell the remaining interest upon completion of construction of the two nuclear units, which are currently at the final stages of construction. And we will expect to become operational in – the first unit by end of 2017, the second one at the beginning of 2018.
In the next stage, we are going to select the preferred bidder. We will then start the final negotiations with this party and we expect to reach the binding agreement by year end, according to the framework that I have just described. The binding offers that we have received are aligned with this process.
Then the other additional €2 billion of assets that we have already identified in this cluster we have today under execution and therefore under transaction following disposals, a portfolio of renewable assets in Portugal including ENEOP, this is our joint venture in Portugal; Gas upstream operations; Hydro Dolomiti Energi; our presence in France; and our asset in Belgium.
As far as the AGP assets in Portugal are concerned, they include the ENEOP quota of the joint venture. We have seen a strong interest for these assets. We have more than 10 non-binding offers. Binding offers are expected by the end of August. On the right side, we have no material cash out in the period so far.
Let me now give you some update on how we are moving forward in Latin America as far as the reorganization is concerned. On July 20, Chilean authority SVS has responded to Enersis, clarifying certain legal points and corporate governance suggestions related to the reorganization plan.
In particular, this response has indicated that the reorganization as it has been proposed and structured cannot be considered as a related party transaction. The reorganization should be considered as a single transaction, not as a sequence of two different transactions.
The extraordinary Board of Directors that we have just held on July 27 approved in unanimity that in case this transaction should be approved, this will be done through a clear separation of Chilean activities from the rest, treating as a unique transaction and under a well defined calendar that I will now detail.
First step, we will execute a spin-off of Chilectra, Endesa Chile and Enersis in order to separate the Chilean activities from those performed in other Latin American countries. And in a second step, we will merge all the holding companies that are holding participations in countries outside of Chile.
We will unlock value by increasing the visibility of separated businesses and geographies, promoting a possible value relating in all group companies. And we have seen this happening in the past so in the case of Endesa for example. We will create a streamlined corporate structure eliminating a holding discount valuation that is currently applied to Enersis. Finally, we will create differentiated equity stories allowing shareholders to have a higher flexibility in their investment.
The transaction that is under study seeks to accommodate all the requirements of the SVS which have also suggested a few recommendations. And it will also accelerate the process in order to reduce the time between the spin-offs and the mergers, minimizing all the possible uncertainties for the entire completion.

Let me focus your attention on a brief overview of the key figures of the Enersis Chile and Enersis Americas in the following chart. So what would surface after this process is completed?
Enersis Chile would be a pure Chilean integrated player. It would be the leader both in generation and distribution in the country with an installed capacity of 6,400 megawatts more than 1.7 million end users in distribution. It would have a management focused exclusively and responsible for this country in a customized investment plan with a strong pipeline of projects up to 3,000 megawatts. Furthermore, given its high quality assets portfolio in generation in a stable Chilean regulatory framework distribution, it is expected to see Enersis Chile to have a stable and very visible cash flow profile.
Different story in Enersis Americas, and we call it Enersis Latin America. It would be one of the largest utility players in Latin America both in generation and distribution with an installed capacity of more than 10,500 megawatts and 13 million customers. Enersis Americas will be the investment platform to undertake a relevant growth plan and capture the multiple investment opportunities that are emerging in the Latin America region.
As far as its growth plan is concerned, in the next month, we will update our group strategic plan by including new CapEx plan for both region, Chile and Latin America, which currently amounts for €9 billion, of which €4.2 billion are only for growth. As far as the growth plan is concerned, here the group will count with new projects surpassing 3,000 megawatts for the next years.
Let me now explain a little bit in detail the timeline of this transaction. Execution is expected to last approximately nine months from the Board of Directors that will be held at the end of October 2015. This will call for the first AGMs.
The calendar envisages two general meetings. The first one will be in mid-December to approve the spin-off providing also an indicative exchange ratio for the future merger. And the second meeting will be the one expected in the second quarter of 2016 that would then approve the merger of the three companies in, abroad from Chile. The entire process is expected to be finalized in the third quarter of 2016.
To conclude, this is a very exciting step for ENEL. We finally have the potential to unlock significant value for our group in this very important part of the world, which is Latin America.
Now let me hand over to Alberto for some more detail on this good first half of 2015. Alberto?
Alberto de Paoli
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Before entering the financials, I’ll give you some highlights on the market context in which we operate.
During first half 2015, we have seen a power demand scenario which although generally worse than expected mainly in LATAM lead us to think that recession phase is close to the end. More specifically in Italy, the economic outlook is improving. This year for the first time since 2011, the GDP is expected to increase. And economic activity should strengthen next year where the GDP should climb by more than 1%.
The recovery in power demand in the country is still weak. But the trend switched from negative to stable. Moreover, as far as power prices are concerned, we registered as of first half 2015 an average spot price in the region of €0.50 megawatt/hour, almost flat year on year, but higher than our expectations for the full year equal to €0.47.
We are also currently noticing increasing trend in the spot prices. CAL15 stands above €0.50 megawatt/hour, again higher of our expectations. Finally, due to the exceptional heat, the average basic price in the month of July was higher than €0.67 megawatt/hour. And some old thermal plants have been called by the system operator to cover the demand.

In Spain, electricity demand continues recording a positive trend. Mainly demand growth is driven not only by strong industrial activity, but by the residential segment as well. Both the Spanish government and the IMF increased significantly its GDP growth estimates for 2015 from 2.9% to 3.3% and from 2.5% to 3.1%, respectively.
This first semester was also characterized by the normalization of the exceptional hydro contribution recorded during the first semester of 2014, which has led to a 50% increase in the thermal gap. As a result, wholesale electricity prices stood at €0.48 megawatt/hour or 52% increase year on year, while the balance 2015 is at a level above €0.52 megawatt/hour, higher than the current 2016 forward curve electricity price in Spain.
Finally, LATAM showed a robust growth in electricity demand. Indeed, we recorded healthy 2.5% demand growth in the countries in which we operate, together with prices almost flat in Chile and with a level in the other countries lower than the last year due to better hydro conditions and lower commodities, but above our expectation for 2015.
Now let’s have a quick update on forward sales. In Italy, we are about 50% hedged for 2016 production, 14 basis points more than the end of first quarter 2015 at about €0.48 megawatt/hour higher than €0.47 as of the end of first quarter.
Level of forward sales is almost in line with the previous year. And as for 2016, we have hedged at €0.48 megawatt/hour which is lower than our business plan assumptions, but thanks to better hedging of the procurement contracts we have reached the same dark spreads versus our previous assumptions.
As for hedging strategy, we have almost securitized most of our coal production while we are now starting to cover the hydro and CCGT portion as we see prices now in the market improving.
In Spain, we are fully hedged for 2015 and above 25% for 2016 at an average price of €0.58 megawatt/hour in 2015 and €0.56 in 2016. It is worth mentioning the strong price signals set by [balance] 2015 forward price for the rest of the year with a price level of €0.50 megawatt/hour, higher than the current 2016 forward curve. We have reached a level of 25%. The full coverage is usually finalized in the second half and now we are starting to hedge at higher prices.
In LATAM, finally, we have reached the optimal hedging level for both 2015 and 2016 at increasing prices, mainly in Chile and in Brazil.
Now let’s look at the operational highlights. So the total installed capacity, as Francesco said, declined by more than 7 gigawatt or about 8% due to the following 6 gigawatt closures mainly in Italy where we have already closed more than 50% of our 15 gigawatt program.
As far as hydro generation capacity is concerned, the decline of about 1 gigawatt is due to the deconsolidation of SE Hydropower for roughly 250 megawatts following the asset sale and the deconsolidation of some hydro assets in Slovakia following some pending legal disputes. And we are mentioning the Gabcikovo plant of around 700 megawatt.
Notwithstanding the continuing decrease in installed capacity, we registered a healthy recovery in the net production plus 3%, mainly in Iberia and in renewables. In particular, coal production rose by 9%, CCGT by 14% mainly in Italy and Spain, due to lower hydro electricity and higher thermal gas in the case of Iberia. Renewables rose by 4%, thanks to capacity additions despite weaker wind and hydro conditions in Europe. As a consequence, the group load factor rose to 37% from 33% last year.
Continuing group operational data as far as distributed electricity is concerned, the growth is not only focused in LATAM, but in all the geography areas but Italy. For example, Spain recorded a plus 2% year-on-year increase and Romania rose by 5%. In the last 12 months, we added roughly 500 million end users mainly in LATAM.

Now moving to first half group financial figures, as already shown in the first slide of the presentation, the reported group EBITDA rose by circa 2%. Net of extraordinary items, the ordinary EBITDA remained broadly flat.
In more detail, in the first half of 2015, we recorded €273 million of extraordinary items due to €141 million for the capital gain on SE Hydropower sale and €132 million related to the accounting impact of the finalization of the 3Sun acquisition, while in 2014 we recorded €132 million of extraordinary items related to €50 million on SE Hydropower and €82 million related to the sale of Arctic Russia.
Now we’ll take a moment to update on the cash cost, a new metric we have introduced in March. As you can see in chart 17, cash cost increased by 4% in nominal terms. On a like-for-like basis stripping out one-off items, they would increase by only 2% which corresponds to a plus 10% in maintenance CapEx and minus 1% in OpEx. Maintenance CapEx, as I will explain later on, increased by 10% as we have anticipated some planned maintenance activities in the first half to accelerate OpEx efficiency in the second half.
As far as OpEx is concerned on a like-for-like basis, adjusted OpEx for one-off items decreased by 1%. The one-off items effects includes perimeter, delta provisions and capitalization adjustments. We launched the new efficiency plan six months ago and specific action plans have been deployed and the implementation phase is ongoing. We are expecting to fully achieve our target and the full potential of our plan within 12 to 18 months.
The OpEx reduction has been achieved thanks to external source as you can see from slide, while personnel costs increase is mainly in LATAM. The savings have been achieved in the major countries and especially in Italy, some 7% decrease in cost.
Instead the costs are still increasing in LATAM, almost entirely due to [Chilean] effect and Argentinean operations due to regulatory requirements. Specific managerial actions have been already identified and implemented and personnel cost savings will be achieved in a longer timeframe, the already said 12 to 18 months.
On a like-for-like basis, OpEx savings have been achieved in all the business areas as shown in this slide, and this is slide page 19. And the efficiencies achieved are more than offset in the negative effects scenario mainly in LATAM and growth in renewables. In real terms, efficiencies have been higher than 3% in six months.
EPI improved in all the business lines, more specifically global generation is accelerating our plant closures in major countries. In the first half, 7 gigawatt have been commissioned. Several initiatives have also been launched to optimize maintenance costs and enhance procurement savings. Headcount has been reduced by 3.5%.
Global distribution has achieved relevant cost savings in major countries where headcount has been reduced by 3%. In renewables, we are reducing the unitary cost per megawatt and we are also achieving savings in staff costs and in-country services.
As far as maintenance CapEx is concerned, and we are now on page 20, we have registered this increase of about 10%, mainly in LATAM. As already stated, the increase in maintenance CapEx is fully related to some planned maintenance activities in the first half that we brought forward in order to accelerate other efficiencies in the second half.
In light of the above, we foresee 2015 figures slightly decreasing versus last year. And we are strongly confident to achieve at least our 2016 target of €3.2 billion meaning €300 million less versus 2015. In the first half figure are being affected – the 10% increase in conventional generation for about €80 million mainly due to [indiscernible] in Argentina and the ramping of Bocamina 2 and in distribution €50 million mainly in LATAM due to acceleration of some network programs.

Now have a look at group ordinary EBITDA starting from the business line, and we are now on page 21. As you can see, EBITDA from global infrastructure and networks is roughly €305 billion and declined by €116 million versus last year or minus 3%.
But net of one-off items that are equal to €280 million recorded in the first half 2014 and plus €100 million recorded in first half 2015, so net of these one-off effects EBITDA would increase 6% thanks to the new connections, higher demand in LATAM and regulatory improvements in Argentina and Brazil.
EBITDA in global generation and trading is €2.1 billion and it’s increased by 17% of €306 million. Also for global generation and trading, net of one-off items that are equal to minus €160 million in 2014 related to regulatory revision of the [Iceland] Iberia, and plus €186 million related to C02 swaps in first half 2015, EBITDA would have decreased 7% mainly due to lower hydro in most countries, lower prices both in Italy and Slovakia and the worsening scenario in terms of effect on prices in Russia, partially compensated by higher prices and volumes in Iberia.
Renewables is equal to €946 million, rose by €75 million mainly thanks to additional capacity in LATAM and North America and positive impact on favorable exchange rates.
The overall group retail business EBITDA is equal to €1.1 billion, a decrease by 18% versus last year, mainly due to margins normalization in Spain linked to the increase in power purchase cost, which more than offset the significant increase in Italy of about €130 million thanks to gross margin increase and flat costs year on year.
Let’s now have a look at the group ordinary EBITDA by region. Iberia is – on EBITDA, closed EBITDA with €1.9 billion, increased by €272 million mainly thanks to one-off effects already mentioned. Stripping out this effect, Iberia would decrease of around 5% mainly due to normalization of hydro condition which more than offset positive contribution from higher volumes and prices.
LATAM EBITDA is equal to €1.4 billion and shows the healthy increase of 15% mainly driven by the improvement in generation in Chile and the already mentioned tariff increase in Argentina. This positive performance was partially offset by the expected decrease in Italy. The EBITDA in Italy is equal to €3 billion and has a reduction of 12% versus 2014. This net of positive one-off in 2014 is in the range of 5% decrease. This is the decrease following the decrease in generation for roughly €270 million due to lower prices in hydro. This is partially compensated by the increase in retail.
And finally, East Europe the EBITDA is €392 million, it’s down 23% year on year. And this is due to the reduction in prices in Slovakia and Russia with a significant negative FX effect mainly based on Russia.
On the next slide, we can look at our group net ordinary income result. D&A remain broadly stable, notwithstanding the increase in CapEx thanks to the reduction in Italy and Iberia following the impairment recorded in full year 2014 in Italy, and also for the useful life extension of Spanish nuclear gas plants.
Our net financial charges amounted to €1.277 billion and has declined by more than 20% versus last year mainly due to change in other financial expenses. So in more detail we recorded €1.323 billion of net financial charges on that. And this is roughly 4% lower than last year. And I will provide more details after and the positive contribution of €46 million for other financial expenses in 2015.
Last year, we had a negative impact of roughly €300 million. And the main items of this are the negative one-off in 2014 for €170 million of which €124 million some rough adjustments in AMPLA in our distribution in Brazil. And then a positive one-off for about €70 million Argentina due to the cancellation of interest, then some increase in capitalized interest for about €50 million and other expense.

Income taxes in the period rose by €45 million due to an increase of around €110 million from higher earnings before taxes, around €130 million of saving lower taxes in Italy following the elimination of the Robin Hood tax, and around €70 million of higher taxes in LATAM mainly due to tax reforms in Chile and Colombia.
As far as debt and financial expenses are concerned, and now we are on page 24, our gross debt declined by €2.7 billion, while net debt increased by €2.5 billion, mostly due to the FX effect. As you know this is a pure transaction effect required by IFRS rules and will not turn into cash since our debt is fully hedged through cross-currency swap.
The reported level of gross debt recalculated across currency swap effects fixed in the contracts at the time of the future repayments would end up to a figure of close to €52 billion instead of €54.3 billion, so €2 billion lower than the reported level. The gross debt reduction, net of tax effect is still roughly €4 billion, equal to the reduction of cash, following the repayment of roughly €4 billion of bonds of Enel SpA and NFP. Moreover we have a decline of financial receivables for about €1.5 billion.
Cost of debt has decreased by circa 20 basis points to 4.8%. Net financial expenses on net debt decreased by 4% and this is thanks to the refinancing of bonds and credit lines negotiations and this is worth more about €150 million for less cost and on the other side, an increase of financial expenses in LATAM in Enel Green Power for a higher stock and cost of debt. In this sense, LATAM financing is one of the main areas of potential savings related to the corporate reorganizational line.
In addition to this, we confirm our expectation for a ramp-up in the reduction of net financial expenses throughout the year, thanks to the managerial actions already implemented. And we do confirm that our interest expenses will decrease by about 7% at the end of the year.
Then on the net free cash flow, in the period we have generated more than €3 billion of FFO with a material improvement versus the last year, say around plus 80% with a significant increase in EBITDA conversion year on year. EBITDA conversion into FFO has increased in fact from about 20% of last year to circa 40% in the first half of 2015 and this is thanks to the following: lower non-cash items in EBITDA and lower use of funds; stabilization of the working capital throughout this year as a result of the continuing effort in all the regions of the group; and this is only partially offset by higher taxes and interest expenses paid for a similar amount of €300 million.
It’s worth mentioning that the net free cash flow generation has materially improved versus last year despite a higher level of both CapEx and dividend. Please consider that during the second half of the year, we expect to have limited incremental dividend and increasing in growth CapEx.
Taking also into consideration what I’ve previously said on FFO and net working capital by year end we expect to significantly improve net free cash flow after dividend. And finally, to the net debt, overall net debt at the end of first half increased by more than €2 billion up to €39.8 billion, net of assets held for sale related to Slovenske Elektrarne.
For comparison with the beginning of the year, the net debt without considering the FX effect would have been €38.6 billion, increased by about €1.2 billion versus December as we have paid around €2 billion of dividends and cashed in €640 million from disposals, net of some minor acquisitions.
Thank you for your attention. Let me now hand over to Francesco for the closing remarks.
Francesco Starace
Thank you, Alberto. We have provided you an update on the major strategic topic of our industrial plan. In Latin America reorganization, we are progressing according to a well-defined and faster process that will unlock significant value for the group.

For Slovenske Elektrarne, we are going to select a preferred bidder in the next days. With them we will finalize negotiations and reach a binding agreement by year end. As far as structural growth is concerned, we have secured 2015 growth EBITDA and 60% of our target of growth EBITDA for 2017, thanks to a bulk of total assets in execution of about €7.8 billion which is about 40% of total growth CapEx plan.
Efficiency plan is well on track and you will see full delivery on our guidance in the coming 12 to 18 months. The group reorganization we have introduced last year is already showing signs of delivering improvements in cash flow as we have just heard from Alberto. We confirm our 2015 targets and we continue to work hard on driving this positive trajectory for our company.
Thank you for your attention and let’s now open to the Q&A session.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Lawson Steele from Berenberg.
Lawson Steele
First of all, the restructuring of the LATAM business is clearly way overdue and makes an awful lot of sense from the point of having line of sight management at the very least. But typically, however, many LATAM operations have been run efficiently at least when I used to cover them and especially when compared against peers. So to what extent are you confident that reshaping the group will actually lead to cost savings? And with the complexity in place today, is it even possible to forecast what those cost savings might be with any sense of confidence? And if so, can you even know what time to expect any efficiency gains to materialize?
Secondly, could you update us on your current view on the outlook of Italian generation prices and of course the gas price now that you’re seen that the Asia and Europe price spread has – gas price spread has virtually disappeared. And with more gas LNG supply from the likes of Australia and USA, do you think the Italian gas price will fall further from the current levels? Thirdly, could you take us through the principal moves behind the €1.763 billion increase in working capital and what expectations you now have for the full year for working capital please?
And then finally, I see that retail sales initially were up 24% in first half and that the EBITDA margin has climbed from 7% to 9.3%. Could you please give us some commentary there on how sustainable you see the margin increase and volume progression and when you see competition coming in to chomp away at that margin?
Francesco Starace
I will answer the first two questions and the fourth and the third one will be handled by Alberto. On LATAM, the restructuring, there are basically, you should say, two levels of efficiency that we are targeting. One is the operational efficiency level. To be honest with you and you are right, this has not to do so much with the restructuring of the corporate structure because this is handled and tackled by the group restructuring that we carried out already.
The global business lines are those that are driving this kind of efficiency and therefore that is already something that we have been addressing in the last 12 months, six months starting from this year and it is unfolding nicely. We don’t expect the corporate restructuring to affect it rather than maybe help it and speed it up a little bit.
I’m talking about how do we spread best practices across different countries. I’m talking about how we maximize the use of spare parts across different countries. I’m talking about how we improve the overall CapEx efficiency programs across different technologies. So your observation is right. They’re well run and they are run quite efficiently. There is an increasing layer of efficiency that we will carry out, spreading the best practice across the global position that we have in the world.

However, there is a second degree of efficiency which comes from the corporate restructuring and that has to do with cash efficiency. So what cash is trapped in the many companies and legal entities we own around this Latin America continent? What double taxations are we today exposed to when we look at the operations we have across the different countries and the fiscal regulatory frameworks that are different? What kind of financial improvements we can have when we look at how we cross finance this operation?
That kind of efficiency has not yet kicked in. It will kick in and it’s quite material. Just for your record, only the fiscal double taxation impact is something in the range of $40 million to $50 million a year compared to the present situation and when compared to the simplified structure that I have explained to you. And these kind of efficiencies, the second kind of efficiency will only materialize after we have finished the restructuring of the corporate complex structure we have in Latin America.
As far as further price erosion on gas in Italy, as a consequence of what is observed in spot markets around the world, the recent increase in connectivity in, let’s say, gas markets thanks to the larger volumes of LNG being traded around the world. Yes, there is certainly, if these trends stay for a longer time some kind of reverberation over the medium long term, yes.
However, gas prices in Italy today are by and large dictated by pipe contracts and these pipe contracts in the hands of the bigger incumbent ENI and in our case for what concerns ourselves do not really have a strong link to spot prices. So over the medium long term, if these low spot prices remain, I would say yes, you would try and see in Europe and therefore also Italy, some kind of gas price erosion. We don’t see it on the short to medium term today.
Retail sale in Italy going up in terms of volume and margins, how much can that stand the test of additional competition? Obviously this cannot last forever. We think however there are two separations here. Volume and that means the number of customers and underlying energy consumed by them, they will keep growing because we will keep growing the customer base. Today, we are targeting to get even. That means to sell to customers, end customers, the energy we produce in Enel Green Power and Enel Produzione and that leaves around 20 kilowatt hours of base to grow. So we will keep that growing.
As far as margins are concerned, they are largely the result of the decline in wholesale market prices that we have observed in the last three, four years. Our sense is that these are more or less bottoming, so you will not look at this derivative going forward all the years. But the stickiness of customers and the very weak competition we have today in Italy basically suggests that we will keep the volume growing without substantially eroding the margin. And the churn rates that we enjoy today are relatively physiological in the industry.
So this is a relatively couple of years, two, three years, going forward, stable business with a good growth curve in terms of volume and a stable margin outlook. I think there was a question on working capital?
Alberto de Paoli
The capital numbers that you see in the chart, we have absorbed €1.8 billion in the first half from net working capital. Last year, we absorbed €2.8 billion, so this is the improvement I was mentioning before. If we see at the end of the year, you can take that this absorbed €1.8 billion will be close to zero. So you can add €2 billion of less generation in the second half from net working capital.
Operator
And now, Javier Suarez from Mediobanca, please go ahead.
Javier Suarez
Three questions on my side too. The first one is on the restructuring of the company in Latin America as a follow up, obviously this makes a lot of sense, but after the restructuring, you still will have four subsidiaries listed in Latin America plus Enel Green Power, plus Endesa, plus the asset in Brazil. So what the company intends to do to reduce the holding discount. As a follow-up, what the company intends to do with Endesa? And there has been several press reports suggesting that the company may be considering or there has been the option to reduce the stake on Endesa. Can you update us on that possibility?

And also do you think that the company and the current holding structure of Enel Green Power is sustainable down the road or that could be considered too? That is the first question. And the second question is on the cost of debt. There has been mentioning to the possible reduction in the cost of debt at the group. But the company has reallocated CapEx into Latin America and the cost of debt in Latin America is higher than the cost of debt for European activities. So in order to avoid a mismatch between cash flow generation and debt financing, should we consider or see an increase in the cost of debt for the company rather than a decrease?
And the third question is on the forward selling for electricity. There is backwardation on your forward selling and obviously there is a deviation versus the target that you presented in March. So does the company feel the necessity to restate those targets on electricity prices for 2017 and onward? And what managerial effort the company can take to compensate that effect?
Francesco Starace
So the first question is the mother of all questions, you know. Actually I think let’s put it this way. First of all, let me be very clear. I fully understand that there might be investors out there that see Endesa as a fantastic opportunity for an acquisition and they see value in that. I understand it and I fully appreciate that.
That said, we are not in the process of selling Endesa or portions of Endesa anymore. And we see indeed in Endesa a lot of additional value creation that maybe is behind and beyond the pure financials, so the fact that Endesa is a very nice company producing a lot of cash with little debt. There’s more than that in Endesa at industrial level and there’s more than that in the Iberian Peninsula at the industrial level. So we’re not going – you will not see corporate activity in Endesa at all. And the same on Enel Green Power for different reasons.
I think the results that we published on Enel Green Power yesterday show that growth curve of Enel Green Power is strong and healthy. It generates well, good profits and it is an integral part of the growth story of Enel. We don’t see any need to change the setup we have today in these two companies, because we have now to accomplished the major important step that is to fix the third company that we have today which is in a messy state, Enersis. So you will see us focused on Enersis for the next, I would say, six to nine months because that is really the very important story that we have to bring home.
Is there a holding discount in Enel? As I said, it will take about – in my opinion about 12 months for everyone to be looking at Enel as a very efficient value creation machine using different companies around the world to accomplish these, but spreading best practices and becoming a very integrated industrial player. There’s a lot of that value creation around the world that is in our hands, but not fully appreciated by the market because the market is looking at legal entities and listed companies.
So first, we will carry out a demonstration in physical terms of what we are today saying and I think this first semester shows that we are in that direction. And then I think the holding discount will slowly disappear on its own and if necessary, then we will take some steps to finally address that last issue. As long as the evolution of forward prices in energy in Italy and Spain, I think I will let Alberto now comment as far as that is concerned and also as far as the concern that moving CapEx into Latin America intrinsically will grow our debt cost.
Alberto de Paoli
So Javier, so I have two questions from you. So one is on the cost of debt in LATAM and the second is on the price curve in Italy. First of all, I would say that I said 50% of hedge in Italy for 2016 have been done at a level in which we have no impact on the margins, we already have in the business plan for 2015 because we hedged the margin and not only the price for selling.

We see now prices are rising, so we think that we can look at what will happen in the next months in the market. We are confident that we can cover our residual power generation at a level in which will not affect our margin for 2016. But for sure, we are now active because you know that we are going to present a new plan in November, so we are active now in delivering a new efficiency plan to be in the safe zone and to have other fuel and other cost cutting to cover any gaps that might occur if our hedging strategy would be a little bit slower than our expectation.
When it comes on LATAM, first of all, take into account one important point that investments in LATAM are peaking in 2015. So when you see the spike in debt and also in cost of debt, it’s because in 2015 we have a peak in investment. If you look at our plan, five years plan we presented in March, you can easily see that LATAM is going to produce and to create a sum of €15 billion of FFO, covering €9 billion of investment and €5 billion of dividend. What we see is that Latin America can easily invest €9 billion, €10 billion, leaving the level of debt at a stable level.
Having said that, we have not really initiated to simplify and also restructure our financial flow management in Latin America because we are expecting that the simplification of the corporate structure will be done. But we think that we have a lot of actions that can be implemented to lower the cost of debt. So all in all, I do think that the cost of debt that we have in the plan is okay and we think we have further room to decrease the debt, the cost of debt in Latin America.
Operator
Now, Harry Wyburd from Merrill Lynch, hi Harry, please go ahead.
Harry Wyburd
Just one question from me please on free cash flow. Can I ask how much of the €15.5 billion group free cash flow for 2015 to 2019 which you’ve guided to in your March business plan is expected to come from Italy? I think in your March 2014 plan, you guided to €7.6 billion between 2014 to 2018. So I’m interested to know what the equivalent would be for 2015 to 2019. Thanks.
Alberto de Paoli
These numbers are the numbers that we have in our plan. So from Italy we can, all in all, say that if you ask me this to understand how much we can cover, the dividends that we have to pay to final shareholders, to Enel shareholders, you know that in our assumption we are going to pay €9 billion of dividend.
This €9 billion of dividend, Italy on a standalone basis generates roughly €6.5 billion of cash available for dividend distribution. The rest will be paid by the dividends that the other subsidiaries will pay. So all in all, what we think that from Italy and other dividends paid by other subsidiaries will stay in the range of €12.5 billion well above the €9 billion that we have to pay.
Operator
Anna Maria Scaglia from...
Alberto de Paoli
Only to better simplify. So if your question is on the €15.5 billion, there is a different view. So €15.5 billion of free cash flow, Italy is generating €6.5 billion. The rest is generating out of Italy. When it comes to the dividend payments, so the €9 billion, Italy is still generating €6.5 billion, but the dividends from the other subsidiaries is generating the rest. I think this clarifies.
Operator
Anna Maria Scaglia from Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Anna Maria Scaglia
The first question is regarding LATAM restructuring, we’ve seen that one of the minority shareholder appealed against the SVS decision. I was wondering if you can update us in terms of the dialogue you have with the minorities and how confident you are of being able to implement this strategy and if these appeals can really have a negative impact on the process.
The second question is regarding your target for the year. You confirmed the target in terms of EBITDA and net income. I was wondering if you have – following the performance in the first half, if you have expectations that the mix might be materially different. Clearly in LATAM, there is a lot of growth prospects for the second half, if I look at your target. So can you comment on that?

Third question is regarding the distribution review in Italy. In particular, I saw that in one of the proposals the government is – the regulator is proposing to revise the average life of the asset. What’s your view there? Are you planning if this goes ahead to revise also your depreciation to offset this impact, therefore net income should be minimal?
And last on the disposals, I was looking at your slide and you have around €2 billion from Slovenske and the hydro assets in Italy which implies around €1.2 billion for Slovenske. Is this also including the debt of Slovenske going out from your asset? And as well, when you talk about this dual track, does this involve selling a stake to the government of Slovakia or are you planning to sell the whole stake to a new shareholder?
Francesco Starace
Let me just start from this last question. Then I will handle the question of Latin America and the third question on distribution tariffs and Alberto will handle the mix, if the target – if the guidance can imply a different mix of results.
So on Slovenske, yes, of course this includes the debt of Slovenske. And let me clarify this. We have been in constant dialogue with the government which is the co-shareholder of Slovenske Elektrarne. The government of Slovakia has appointed some advisors to help out in the process of deciding if and when and how much would they like to buy in the process that we are undergoing starting from now to say two years down the road, when Slovenske Elektrarne will be finally – when Mochovce 3 and 4 will be finally in operation.
We have explained to the government that we would be ready and willing to sell the stake they would like to buy concurrently with the first step sale to a third party in any time during the construction of Mochovce 3 and 4 or at the end of the process. So they basically have total freedom of flexibility to decide according to their internal schedule how much and when are they ready to buy. So the flexibility is there and we are ready and willing to accommodate them.
On the first point that says [indiscernible] the SVS decision, okay, only one appealed and that’s already quite a big change. We know that they are not in agreement between themselves on the outlook for this transaction. I think there are different negotiation tactics and styles. The fragmentation on the front helps. We think this is positive. We think it is not something to be scared of. We are not concerned that the SVS will not confirm its judgment. It’s very sound and very well thought off. They deliberated a while before coming out with it. So we don’t expect changes.
The dialogue with the SAP is ongoing. It’s actually moving very smoothly now that there is no third party correlated transaction nightmare front in front of us. And so our approach has been very fair, very open. And the fact that we have now changed the approach to a one-step process ongoing which includes giving them the fair valuation of all the components of the transaction upfront so that they have a clear view of what the values are from the very beginning helps. So we are positive on that. And I think this story is unfolding much better than previously was thought of.
As far as distribution review, the distribution tariff review is ongoing as you know. The authority has issued an interesting paper. We like it. I would say in general and broad terms, it’s a very creative and a very innovative way of going forward. We like the fact that six years is the new timeframe, it’s no more four. We like the fact that there is an intrinsic premium for improvements in the performance of the grids with additional features being then digital or non-digital, but in any case. And we like the fact also that there is a second phase of the process that might imply a switch to TOTEX.

We are not concerned by this. We think it’s a constructive dialogue, the one going on. We think you, the community of analysts have been also good at explaining to our authorities what is detrimental to the business and what helps. So I encourage you to continue to do that. And what more to say? I think we will look at some very, more material numbers coming out probably at the end of September before the third quarter is finished.
Alberto de Paoli
I think I have to add three things. One is now we are discussing with the regulator. So we ran some sensitivities on this possibility to have a longer time for D&A. And what we see is that we have no material impact on EPS because we will have also lower D&A and at the end the overall impact is meaningful. This is for the first.
On the target, I think that we have to wait a little bit longer to understand how the second half will go. Today I said we have in the first half, we had a certain amount of one-off items. So stripping out the one-off items and looking at the second half in the line of the first half, we can easily confirm our target, not more than this.
And last on the Slovakian disposals, sure, the overall level included the net debt. When I say roughly €2 billion for the cluster, it’s not mathematical. So I think that we can, having closed in a better way the two transactions we have closed, we can also go up overall from the €2 billion.
Operator
And now Enrico Bartoli from MainFirst, go ahead.
Enrico Bartoli
A few questions from my side. First of all, going back to the Italian electricity market, actually the authority is proposing to change the structural tariff, probably in order to force more consumption over the next few years. So can you elaborate a bit on that if you see that this could provide some opportunities for you particularly in the retail business?
Then I have a question related to your net debt guidance for the full year. If I remember well, it’s €39.2 billion. Just to understand if the positive evolution in working capital and movement of funds that we have seen in the first half was already included in this number and if it includes also the net debt of Slovenske Elektrarne or not.
Then I have a question related to slide 41. Actually the reconciliation of your net debt here includes minus €0.2 billion of contribution from Iberia. Actually, could you guide us understand what actually is the level of the net debt related to Endesa that you consolidate in your net debt? I guess this €0.2 billion doesn’t take into account the loan that you have with the Spanish company.
Francesco Starace
Let me answer the first question and the second two and third will be answered by Alberto. Yes, the authority is going to probably restructure a little bit the electricity distribution tariff, electricity tariff. As you know, the Italian tariff is a little bit – implies an internal subsidy from a certain number of, quite a few millions of customers that pay a little more vis-a-vis others, but pay a little less than they should. This comes from a distant past. It has a little bit distorted the electricity patterns of consumption in the country.
We think it’s a good idea to fix it. We think you’re right that this might unlock the value in cluster of customers that were so far relatively unattractive from a free market standpoint because they paid so little because they had this internal subsidy that they had basically an invulnerable position when approached by a free market operator.
So yes, in principle we think it’s a good idea. In principle we think it will unlock the market in terms of free market opportunities. That it will happen overnight is another question because there are some kind of political resistances to that. So you would be very cautious that wouldn’t be a revolution all of a sudden. They will probably migrate customers more gradually than people think. Our view is yes, it’s positive, it’s going to take a while okay. Alberto?

Alberto de Paoli
For our guidance, at the end of this year, on debt we already included this kind of benefit for the first half taking into account that we see – looking at 2014 and 2015 results of debt that we will suffer about €1 billion, €1.5 billion of FX effect. So net of this, we have, with the higher level of dividends and higher level of CapEx a sort of stability in our net debt net of FX effects.
And for your question on page 41, the figure is the figure of only the third party debt. So it’s the size of the third party debt of the group. And we have on top of this, we have roughly €3 billion of inter-company loans among the Enel Group and Endesa.
Enrico Bartoli
Sorry, just to be clear, in order to compare the net debt you have in your total figure with the €499 billion reported by Endesa, the two figures are the same, or there is some difference there?
Alberto de Paoli
The figures are the same, but as I said we have – so all in all the figures are the same. But Endesa has the level that you see there that is the gross debt to third parties plus the inter-company debt. So Endesa is reporting the overall debt, but you have to add the €1.6 billion in the inter-company debt, so all in all its €3.8 billion.
Operator
Now, Cosma Panzacchi from Bernstein.
Cosma Panzacchi
I have a couple of questions regarding mostly the evolution of regulation. So first of all, if I look again all the production, the regulatory production of the regulator recently on networks, it seems that the regulator really highlights the need for material new investments in the grid, for example in smart distribution system. But at the same time, it seems to me that the remuneration system and also the rollout of the new smart meters, the new generation of smart meters is at this point a little bit cloudy in the framework that the regulator is designing. What is your point of view on the current framework that the regulator is setting out for smart meters going forward? Do you still think that there will be an upside opportunity there going forward?
Second, again on networks, speaking recently with trade unions, if I’m not wrong, Mr. Starace has recently reconfirmed the willingness of Enel to participate in the ultra broadband rollout plan of the Italian government and has highlighted September as one of the key months for an update on this scheme. However, if I look at the [indiscernible] communication decree that never materialized, and if I look at the stronger position of TI against the full deployment of a full FTTH approach, I wonder if you are still truly positive on the potential upside in this area, if September is still a credible deadline and finally how your involvement could be compatible with not making TI’s network a fully stranded asset?
And the final question is on the outlook of power generation in Italy again. I think that you’ve been one of the strongest advocates in terms of a reform of the market abandoning a pure system marginal price in favor of more, better longer term stability and, if you want, an overview of where the prices are going. From this point of view I think Enel Green Power has also tried to create some sort of agreement with Enel Italy recently trying to stabilize revenues going forward, but with limited success so far. So what do you think that still needs to happen before long-term PPAs, for example, will be allowed and become prevalent in the market? And specifically with regard to Enel Green Power, what are the hurdles for the conclusion of such an agreement?
Francesco Starace
All right, so I’ll start with smart meters. Let me give you some updates. First of all, the change on smart meters is not something that comes all of a sudden. It’s a 15 years technical life expiration that is coming in 2016 for the first meters that were installed in 2001. So that is a known thing, and it’s the process that’s been on for a while. The issue is today, rather, shall we just replace the meters with existing ones or shall we replace the meters with new ones, being a new design? And this is obviously the second case is the case, because digital devices that are 15 years old are replaced by devices that are much better and cheaper than them. So it’s a no-brainer that a new meter is better than just the same meter again and that has been clarified.

Today, we are in the following steps. The authority is getting through the nitty-gritty details of the features and functions, additional capabilities of the new device. Just to give you an example, these are devices that will enable, for example, prepayment from a remote or a local access. And additionally, it can be interrogated by the customer independently than the network and lots of stuff. So these new devices are being, I would say, approved and vetted by the authorities. This will take maybe another month.
Then, they will be finally rolled out in the investment process. The tariff takes that into account. That is an improvement of technology into the system, according to the features that the authority will have authorized or approved, and therefore it will be recognized as an additional revenue stream for us. Over and above the normal RAB, pure RAB amortized replacement. What we need to be careful with is that we don’t have stranded meters. So basically, the pace of replacement should mirror the pace of installment that took place 15 years ago. Okay?
Now, as far as ultra-broadband rollout plan, what is going on? Again, what we’re doing today is we have looking at around 25 smaller, medium-sized cities in the various A, B, C, D zones in which Italy has been divided that will include the ultra-broadband connectivity attractiveness. We’re doing that alone and with Infratel and other players, including TIM, to have a full knowledge and a complete understanding what the synergies are, what are the cost reductions and what kind of improvements our participation to the process are bringing about.
We will finish this in September. At that stage, we will be free to define what is our involvement in this. Provided that we stick to what we have just said already, that we repeat here, A, we are not going to become another telecom operator, so we’re not going to provide content. B, we don’t want to be the owners of these cables. They should be owned by the operators that manage the grid. We will be the party responsible for laying them down and maintaining them for 20 years, so there will be a stream of revenue related to that activity alone. What the impact of that will be on the existing network of telecom, it’s not up to me to say, and let’s not get into that at all. I don’t know enough about this matter to be able to comment.
Now, as far as power generation in Italy, what changes is likely, they are the changes that will happen in Europe, and we see the new market design that has been leaked out of Brussels by the Commissioner Canete and Maros Sefcovic going in the direction of long-term power purchase agreements being back into the game in Europe, and therefore they will come back in Italy too. It’s been going faster than we thought. We knew this was coming, and it’s now heavily moving forward. Of course, everything is relative in European terms. One can say it’s heavily moving forward, but nothing is happening actually.
At the end of the day, I think this is something that through 2016 will finally start to see the light, and that is basically the reason why we freeze any activity on that front that was going on. You’re right. We think it’s better to let the European dialogue get along well, and therefore, I think the power generation in Italy will benefit from long-term pricing signals, by and large. There will be capacity payments in the meantime, yes. It will be material for most operators, probably not.
Operator
Manuel Palomo from Exane BNP Paribas, please go ahead.
Manuel Palomo
To be honest, most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to get an update on your feeling about what the Enel Group could get as a benefit from a potential CFD with Enel Green Power for Enel Green Power in order to remove the risk to the Italian power price.

Then, I would like to ask you about a couple of clarifications. One is as regards to the €39.2 billion net debt target that you are giving for the year end, I do not know whether you have already answered this, but I did not get it clear, are you including or excluding the debt associated to the assets held for sale? That’s the number-one question.
And the second clarification is on hedging price in Spain, slide 13. You are mentioning €56 a megawatt hour, while if I recall a couple of days ago, in the investor presentation, Mr. Bogas was talking about above €60. I wonder what is the difference, whether you are referring to different prices, or if you could explain?
Francesco Starace
On the EGP issues, which I discussed before, first of all, let me clarify, this is not only an EGP issue. It’s in general merchant generation, which includes also Enel Produzione, it’s an overall transaction, which does not only refer to Enel Green Power. But as I said, we decided not to carry this on for the time being, because we saw an acceleration on the European regulatory front that might be better wait. So there’s no news there and the thing is just stalling and put back in the refrigerator, waiting for an evolution at Brussels level on that front.
I comment, this is not only EGP. It’s all merchant generation by and large in Italy. There’s Enel Produzione and EGP from our side, but a lot of other players have the same issue. We think maybe it was a good idea to start it. Maybe this was one of the reasons why. In fact, in Brussels, I told that see us moving this quickly, we pushed them also. But at this point, we said let’s just not jump the gun and wait for what kind of regulatory framework changes. They drive from there into our system. Alberto, on the other questions?
Alberto de Paoli
So the €39.2 billion guidance excludes the Slovenske Elektrarne debt. And the second is the €60 of Pepe Bogas’ guidance, so the reconciliation is we have €56, and this includes also ancillary services and capacity payments in the price and the two worth roughly €4, so you have a reconciliation of €56 towards €60.
Operator
Alberto Gandolfi from UBS.
Alberto Gandolfi
I have three. The first one is just to go again around Enel Green Power, if I understood correctly, Chief Executive Starace just said that six to nine months, the focus is LATAM, nothing on the horizon on Green Power. But my question would be, when I look at the organization of Enel, you’re organized by country, and then you have divisional heads, so you have Enel Italy, and then you may have the global head of distribution, which also includes distribution in Italy. Well, Enel Green Power appears to be the only business line which is not organized that way. So my point is if the market continues to basically forget about value in any growth that’s in power, how long will you be patient for?
And the second point is, at the Investor Day, you talked about maintaining the independent culture of Green Power. That’s why you don’t want to blend it with conventional generation. But my point is, would you have to? If you take it off the market, you can just move the headquarters to another city, and that Green Power, forgive me here for suggesting that. But wouldn’t that achieve also the change in culture that you’re seeking to preserve?
Second question is about a little bit thinking about expanding your scope. And I’m thinking about here a fine line between diversification and complexity. Do you see any effectively lacking pillars to your current portfolios? So is there any economy that perhaps move in a less correlated way to Italy, Spain or LATAM that you might be keen to gain exposure to, being with €1 billion invested capital, being with €10 billion invested capital? But is it US regulated, is it UK, something in Central Europe? It would be great if you could elaborate on that.

And lastly, on generation Italy, on my calculation, your EBITDA is largely ancillary services, because I could say that the EBITDA made in coal and hydro is really enough to pay for your OpEx at the moment. So I really welcome your closure plan, but my question will be, how far can you go, over and above the plans you already announced? And when closures will not only take down OpEx but will begin to have an impact on your assessment on spreads and on the supply/demand?
Francesco Starace
Enel Green Power, well, Enel Green Power is not really that different when you look at the organization the way it is, because it is basically a division – it is a global business line similar to, for example, grids today, articulated in different countries. And I know that comes from some kind of habit of industry that we like to look at this industry as a sum of geographies. I think it’s roughly a big mistake which we keep doing. The real structure of the industry is in a cluster of technologies, so you have to look at Green Power and you have to look at global distribution the same way.
Green Power has an articulation in geographies that somehow overlaps with the one of, for example, grids and other traditional distribution and in other cases does not. In the other cases, it’s there too. We have, for example, grids in Romania and renewables in Romania, and this is the case in which they overlap. So the country articulation is completely secondary in our view. The business line driving forces will take over the corporate life of Enel in the long term. So there is no need to change this organization. It’s just a question of working at it and building what is today still not at the same level.
Green Power started four years earlier. Global distribution and global generation started last year. So you would see this coming in the next probably 12 months. There is no need to articulate a different – and even then, to put headquarters in a different place, it doesn’t really add value itself. It’s just another application, maybe unless there is some fiscal benefit somehow, but there is no plan on doing that at the moment.
In terms of lacking pillars, I say they are lacking pillars in several geographies, and again, back to the same point. Well, you look at that and you say there are different things in the world where we are not present. We’re not in Asia. We’re now starting. You will see us moving in Asia in the next months, not because we are tired of elsewhere, but because we think we need to find, as I said, one or two new places going forward every day.
We don’t think we need to become the biggest player of Indonesia tomorrow, but we need to start moving and create opportunities worldwide as much as we can, provided that we pay attention and we don’t make mistakes. Today, I don’t see one part of the world where it is a disaster not to be. We think we are moving quite well and it will take time.
Maybe what you would have to look at is, is there a technology or some kind of new business line that you are not fully focused upon? Yes, and in that case, I can say, yes, there is, and unfortunately it’s a very elusive part of the business for most of the utilities nowadays, and we’re focusing very much on this new frontiers of additional customer behavior and a lot of services that are allocated to that. We don’t have an answer. We don’t have a solution. But we are working at that, and I think you will look at our strategic plan articulation, getting more in details in that sense.
As far as generation in Italy, what I can say is that we have sold the system, that 13,000 megawatts of plants will not be started up again in the next future. And we have already closed 6,000 of them and another 7,000 will be closed this coming month. Over and above that, we don’t see much going on, except continuously improving the environmental performance of coal and gas units that we want to keep on.

The only preservation policy that you can have in Europe and in general in the OECD countries, as far as the generation fleet is concerned, is to make sure that you are always the best in class in terms of environmental impact. That will put pressure on regulators. That will put pressure on competitors. That will preserve your position and that’s what we’re going to do.
Alberto de Paoli
I only would add a comment on the MSD, on the [indiscernible] system, only to clarify that more or less our – we have roughly €700 million on a yearly basis of margin from MSD. But you cannot compare this $700 million with EBITDA of generation. You have to compare it with the gross margin of generation. And we have roughly, say, €2 billion of gross margin, so the MSD is an important part of our gross margin, but it’s in the range of 35% of the gross margin, so it’s not the entire margin of the generation.
Operator
Javier Garrido from JPMorgan.
Javier Garrido
Just two very quick questions, I promise. Firstly, on your cross-currency swaps, if I understand correctly, that will give you €2 billion of extra FFO over and above your natural EBITDA conversion. Can you tell us what’s the duration, how much of those €2 billion are you expecting to get in the next full year to the end of the current strategic plan? And the second question, I don’t know if I understood correctly, the second unit of Mochovce is expected to be completed in the first half 2018. Is that correct?
Francesco Starace
Mochovce has two units, and the time between the two is six months. The last one, yes, first quarter 2018. The first one, which is Mochovce 3 – sorry for this, it’s Mochovce 3 is the second – Mochovce 4 is the second, Mochovce 3 is the first. One is end of 2017 and Mochovce 4 first quarter of 2018. This is the schedule today. Sorry, end of 2018. Last quarter 2018, yes.
Alberto de Paoli
For the first question, it’s not in this way, so what we provided is that the question for us was what will be the cost of debt at the time of repayment. So we say how we can strip out the accounting effects in asking us what will be the cash effect at the time of the payment, looking at the cross-currency swaps. So today, we have an accounting level of debt of €54.3 billion. But at the repayment date, this debt will be €52 billion, because of the cross-currency swap effect. It’s not something that is today in our FFO assumptions. It’s only to say this is a pure accounting effect, because at the repayment date, the effect in the cash out for the debt repayment will be €52 billion.
Javier Garrido
Sorry, that is what I meant. In the end, you are going to put it this way, I have €2 billion of extra cash flow, or you are going to have €2 billion of lower cash outflow. But in the end is a net €2 billion benefit versus what the accounting net debt shows. So what I wanted to know is when that €2 billion, call it, saving on cash payments, on interest, will be seen, because that will be a mismatch between your accounting interest cost and your cash interest cost.
Alberto de Paoli
It’s not related to interest costs. It is only related to the value of the repayment of the debt. So in the interest costs, you have – in the cash flow, you have the hedge each time you pay interest. This is only a valuation calculation of the value of the debt repayment, not of the interest payment. So it’s only a pure exercise to say this €54 billion that we have today, the cash that we will need to repay the debt, only the amount of debt, the answer is no, because at the time of repayment, the cash that we will need to repay the debt will be less because of the effect of the cross-currency swaps.
Javier Garrido
So it’s a €2 billion benefit in principal payment, not in interest payment, but it’s a €2 billion difference?

Alberto de Paoli
Exactly.
Operator
Antonella Bianchessi from Citi.
Antonella Bianchessi
First of all, are you confirming the €7.8 billion of CapEx on the full year? The second question is, if I look at – you’re saying that your business plan is on track and you confirm a €15 billion EBITDA this year and next, but if I look at this year EBITDA, there are something like €500 million of nonrecurring elements. There is a regulatory review happening over the next year, and also the currency in Latin America are weakening. So which is the asset that will support the growth and will allow you to maintain the same level of EBITDA in 2016?
The third question is on supply margins. They are up something like €600 million over the last three years. Do you think this is sustainable? Do you see any increase in competition, the increasing churn rate or all these things? So if you can comment on this level.
And finally, on the cash flow, if I just look at your debt level targets in the short term, this year, you are basically assuming that you will generate €1 billion, €1.5 billion of cash flow before paying the dividend. Endesa is cash flow positive. Enersis is materially cash flow positive. Okay, Green Power is negative, but there is nothing left. So can you elaborate on where the cash is going over and above the cash flow generated in Italy? So what’s happening in the holding system of the country that absorbs cash?
Francesco Starace
Antonella, let me just go through this in order. I will start with the issue on competition, supply margins and volumes. I guess you were referring to Italy, I imagine.
Antonella Bianchessi
Yes.
Francesco Starace
I think I discussed this a little bit earlier, but let me just go a little bit more in detail, so the question is very good. The competitive landscape in Italy is very, very flat. Who is our competitor on the retail market today in this country? Is it ENI, who is at this very moment deciding maybe to spin off this business itself? Is it Edison, who is not at all active on the market? Is it Sorgenia, who is reeling under the debt? Are there smaller players that might be active now and then? The fact is, EON is lost, has left the country, too. The fact is, for some time, and I don’t think this can last forever for sure, but for some time, and I think this has been going to last more than two years, there is no competition worth the name in this country on that front.
So that said, is that meaning that our life is easy and that we can make a party of the days? No. We are the incumbent, and the incumbent has some obligations in the market. And I think we can say that we have behaved as an incumbent quite successfully in the past. So we will keep growing the volume, as I said, because I think the number of customers, the quality of customers and customer relationship has an intrinsic value over and above the margins that we sell energy every year.
We will increase the number of customers, reaching a point, a mix of customers that will have cumulative profile that will match our cumulative profile of production and no more, no less, than the volumes we target to produce. There is, of course, an approximation there. We will do that without destroying value, because there is no real competitive environment at this moment worth the name. There is some competition. Everyone is trying to cope, but nothing more.
I think the real competition comes from the tariff subsidies that are today part of the debate in the tariff restructuring that we discussed before, and we see a positive sign that this cross subsidy is now going to fade out, as I said, with due time. So I think that addresses one of those four questions.
I think there was one on the cash flow. I don’t know if you’re ready to do that, or you want to go on the €7.8 billion. Yes, the €7.8 billion CapEx full year, yes, we definitely confirm, this is the CapEx that we plan to be spending at the end of the year. We don’t see an issue of meeting this figure. We will not exceed it, we will not go short. We will be there precisely probably at the end of the year. As far as the cash flow is concerned, maybe, Alberto, you want to talk to it.

Alberto de Paoli
So what we said in the business plan was that for the first year and so 2015, we do confirm the €7.8 billion of investment, and as you can easily understand it is a big push ahead. And this is because we have to restart the growth, and as said, we now already gave the guidance that we will cover €400 million of EBITDA growth in 2015, and we have already achieved roughly 60%, or €1.3 billion of EBITDA growth in 2017.
So you can linearize the two dots and you can understand that one of the growths that we will really on to get the 2016 result is already in the fact that we have already achieved a level of EBITDA growth for 2016 that stays in the middle of €400 million and €1.3 billion of the two years that we gave as a guidance.
So it’s the first point in which we rely on to get targets of 2016, and we are confident on the other side that we can cover some gaps in scenarios and commodities with further efficiencies that we are putting in the company. So we are also quite confident we can go ahead in our efficiency target in 2016. So we think that the target will be achieved, I don’t say easily achieved, but with well management will be achieved also in 2016.
On the other side, when it comes to cash flow and this is the point, you know because we said that our active portfolio management of €5 billion will be matched in disposal and acquisitions, but this match will be done not in the first years, because in the first year we will have some support from disposal to keep the level of debt stable. And then when the cash flow will improve, we will do some acquisition, because the focus is to support our €18 billion of growth, not changing our debt figures except of FX effects that are not foreseeable clearly.
Having said that, from where the cash flow comes to support our effort, as said, and I come back to our plan, so I think because I stick to the plan, because I don’t see any material changes to the previous plan we presented, we have in Italy that it’s going to produce a free cash flow, so cash flow after CapEx in the plan of roughly €9 billion. In Iberia there is roughly €6 billion, and Latin America, there is roughly €6 billion. These are the free cash flow available to cover the investments and available to pay dividend payments. All in all in the plan is €14 billion. €9 billion is for Enel shareholders and €5 billion is for other shareholders, our other minorities. This is the plan.
Antonella Bianchessi
Yes, but the math doesn’t add up, because if Italy does €9 billion, LATAM does €6 billion, and there are other €6 billion, then this makes €21 billion and not €15 billion that is in your plan?
Alberto de Paoli
Then you have Enel Green Power that will absorb.
Antonella Bianchessi
But they just said it’s only €1 billion.
Alberto de Paoli
So then you have this is – then you have the holding, the staffs and everything...
Antonella Bianchessi
Exactly, that’s what I wanted to understand.
Alberto de Paoli
It’s exactly what we said in the business plan, so the absorption, the sum up is €21 billion, and then you have Enel Green Power, the holding and other functions, and you reach €15 billion. Italy has said in this case deducting the holding, so we say €9 billion, and the cost of the holding is roughly €2.3 billion. So Italy with holding is producing €6.5 billion in the period.
Operator
Zach Mecelis from Covalis Capital.
Zach Mecelis
I’ll be very quick. I just wanted to firm up or understand a bit more your statement regarding value creation in Latin America. Specifically, you mentioned that you have a CapEx plan already lined up. But can you address specifically payout ratio, target balance sheet. The companies right now, they are very under levered, so I just wanted to see how you are thinking about the payout ratios, the target debt to EBITDA ratios and what instruments you would use to get there, in terms of showing the value creation. Would it be buybacks, special dividend?

And lastly, I would like to clarify ownership target for Enersis Americas. You’re now showing that you’re going to own more than 50%. Is there any restriction of you owning more than 50%, as it was with current Enersis and Endesa Chile structure? So any clarification and more specifics would be appreciated.
Francesco Starace
Let me clarify this. The ownership constraints that we have are related to Chile and the laws that apply to the assets in Chile. They contaminate all our presence in Latin America, because they are altogether into Enersis. The moment that we isolate the Chilean assets in Chile with the Chilean holdings, these limitations will apply, although will not change. But they will apply to that company, and they would not automatically expand to the other holding companies. So there, we would not have that limitation that caps us to 65%, as we are in Chile.
As far as value creation is concerned, I think you referred to what kind of value can be unlocked when a package blended as Enersis is then split into more targeted factors. We have really – this is a study that we haven’t done in detail, and I don’t think it makes any sense for us to give you estimations. Everyone can have his own view and the beauty of this is because the views differ, these deals happen.
If we all had the same view, then there would be no value creation whatsoever at this point. So we think that there is obviously some value in separating intrinsically risk free areas with limited growth potential, say, Chile, with more risky areas, with much more growth potential say for example, Brazil. We think that, but we’re not going to today put figures on the table. We think the market will finally go out and decide. The experience that we had, for example, with Endesa was extremely positive, and I think there is a potential similar story unfolding in Latin America to that end, but I cannot attach figures to that. Sorry.
Zach Mecelis
So will there be a timeline when we’re going to have those figures, because the reason Endesa worked was a very clear communication strategy on dividend, and that was that market was willing to pay for. We have not heard anything yet on any specifics regarding the payout ratios, dividends or target balance, which would be nice to have to have the proper valuation.
Francesco Starace
You have a point. I think clearly, the moment that we will incorporate this new legal entity, as you know, there will be at least listed at the top one, they will do their own investor day, their own investor equity story. They will announce clear policies as far as investment growth and dividends are concerned. And it would be today inappropriate that we do it in here without having this whole structure put in place and the Boards take their own decision.
Alberto de Paoli
Yes, I think [indiscernible] you can take page 11, because this is the indicative transaction timeline. If you look at this, we foresee a final Board decision at the end of October, and you know that by the end of November, we are going to present a new plan. So the AGM will be called for December, so in the time between October and December, there will be [indiscernible] and communication to the market, because shareholders have to vote in the AGM on one side, and the group has to present a new plan.
What I can say is for sure that we are working on two separate entities also in looking at a new business plan. In doing this, as different from the previous exercise we made for the entire LATAM, because now we are focusing on specific strategies for the two companies and looking at the different perspective of cash generation and everything and also growth. So for sure, we will have this different proposition in the business plan, and we think we will start to communicate and meeting with shareholders after the Board of Directors will approve in October this transaction.

Operator
Alberto Ponti from SocGen.
Alberto Ponti
Hi. All my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator
From RBC?
Unverified Analyst
A couple questions. The first one’s on net debt, with actually two parts, €39.2 billion target confirmed for the full year. Does that assume €2 billion proceeds in respect of the disposal plans that you have outlined? And secondly, in respect to debt, back at the investor day, you talked about an FX difference of €1 billion. This morning, you’ve talked about €1.5 billion, so just wondered what is actually going better on the debt side of things to enable you to keep the year-end target the same. And then secondly, and just picking up again on LATAM and some of the numbers there, what net income impact do you expect at the Enel level of the moves that you are making to reorganize the Latin American operations?
Alberto de Paoli
I’ll take the three questions. The second is, yes, so I hope because if the FX worsen, we will suffer for an increase in FX impact, so I think it’s something that is related to the market. And now we have some assumptions for the year, and then we will see what will happen in the second half.
For LATAM, net impact on net income, so we can say that we see and now we are expecting these new plans, we can be more precise after having done new plans. We know that we have some intrinsic value creation inside the transaction, mainly on this side. We see a significant value added in the overall fiscal build, but with this complex nature, the fiscal impact, the fiscal structure, is highly inefficient.
And moving on the net debt, the end of the year, we do expect that – really, today, we are looking at the value of the debt, staying stick to a value that is around what we had in the first half, just because we don’t know we had a lot of transactions that we don’t know if they would be closed end of the year, beginning of next year, so we see usual swing of, say, one, two months, so exactly we don’t know.
And the other side, another, say, €800 million of value of transaction is already taken off, because it’s the debt of Slovenske that we don’t measure in the €39.2 billion. So if I have to say, today, I have closed €800 million, and I can say that if I sell the first tranche of Slovenske, I can say that already I included in the €39.2 billion another €1 billion of disposals, so it’s all in all.
Operator
Just one question from the web. Could you please give more details on the performance of the Italian infrastructure and why EBITDA decreased by almost 14%?
Alberto de Paoli
So we have this answer is in the page – what I said, in the page 21. We said that, all in all, at a global level, we have a decrease of distribution, but stripping out the one-off items, mainly in Italy, we would have an increase of 6%. This is exactly what is for the Italian distribution. Stripping out the one-off effect of last year, the distribution in Italy is flat.
Elisabetta Ghezzi
Okay, we have finished our presentation. Thank you very much for the attention and IR department will be available for your further questions. Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
Francesco Starace
Thank you.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Utilities, Water Utilities, Italy, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ENLAY TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Utilities Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Utilities StocksThe Potential Is Huge For Geothermal Giant OrmatORA• Today, 5:48 PM • Ian Dyer•2 CommentsClean Energy Fuels: Natural Gas Trucking To See Environmental Catalysts By The End Of YearCLNE• Today, 4:40 PM • Biting Lemur•6 CommentsAmeriGas Partners: Is Its 8.5% Yield Sustainable?APU• Today, 4:00 PM • Samuel Smith•14 CommentsBlue Energy (BLELF) Presents At Noosa Mining And Exploration Conference - SlideshowBLELF• Today, 12:51 PM • SA TranscriptsDuke Energy: A reliable income opportunity or a high income risk? A Cash Flow AnalysisDUK• Today, 12:11 PM • Bruce Miller•16 CommentsPPL Corp.: Overpriced UtilityPPL• Today, 10:35 AM • Lino Patti•14 CommentsAusNet Services (SAUNF) Investor Presentation - SlideshowSAUNF• Yesterday, 2:22 PM • SA TranscriptsIberdrola S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIBDSF• Yesterday, 3:38 AM • SA TranscriptsJump Into The 21st Century With Brookfield Renewable PartnersBEP• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:02 PM • Bank On Insight•27 CommentsAvangrid, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAGR• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:06 AM • SA TranscriptsAqua America Is UndervaluedWTR• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:27 PM • Nicholas Klemm•18 CommentsUtilities Select SPDR: An ETF With 3.3% Yield And Consistent Dividend IncreaseXLU• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:03 PM • Ploutos Investing•3 CommentsDuke Energy: Buy The Dividend IncreaseDUK• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:14 AM • PendragonY•36 CommentsNextEra Energy - One To Watch CloselyNEE• Mon, Jul. 17, 6:49 PM • Saanal Deshpande•7 CommentsTransCanada: Nearly 4% Yield With 10% Dividend Growth Per YearTRP• Mon, Jul. 17, 2:05 PM • Ploutos Investing•11 CommentsCentrica, Bayerngas Norge to Create E&P Joint VentureCPYYY• Mon, Jul. 17, 1:41 PM • SA TranscriptsNextEra Energy: Using Solar Energy To Power The Sunshine StateNEE• Mon, Jul. 17, 10:55 AM • Michael Fitzsimmons•90 CommentsClosing Time: NextEra Energy Preferred Stock EditionNEE• Fri, Jul. 14, 1:03 PM • Arbitrage Trader•25 CommentsCanadian Utilities: A Dependable 3.5% Yield Investment With Growth PotentialCDUAF• Thu, Jul. 13, 11:53 AM • Ploutos Investing•1 CommentRed River Report - The Downfall Of A Great Australian MinerEditors' Pick • EGRAF, EGRAY• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:54 AM • Timor Pony•3 CommentsSouth Jersey Industries: Blue Chip Utility In FocusSJI• Thu, Jul. 13, 8:37 AM • Sure Dividend•6 CommentsNRG Energy: Major AssumptionsNRG• Thu, Jul. 13, 5:39 AM • Daniel Jones•8 CommentsAKASTOR ASA ASA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAKKVF• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:06 AM • SA TranscriptsCan Duke Keep Up With Peers?DUK• Wed, Jul. 12, 8:52 PM • Jonathan Wheeler•11 CommentsValuation Dashboard: Utilities - UpdateXLU• Wed, Jul. 12, 8:18 PM • Fred Piard•2 CommentsNRG Energy (NRG) Business Update (Transformation Plan) - SlideshowNRG• Wed, Jul. 12, 11:59 AM • SA TranscriptsIncome Alert: When High Yield Does Not Entail High RiskNGG• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:12 AM • Income Machine•23 CommentsPattern Energy: Attractive Entry PointPEGI• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:06 AM • Bank On Insight•23 CommentsNorsk Hydro (NHYDY) Acquires 50% In SAPA JV with Orkla (ORKLY)NHYDY• Wed, Jul. 12, 9:07 AM • SA TranscriptsPPL Corporation In The Garden PortfolioPPL• Wed, Jul. 12, 8:18 AM • DJ Habig•9 CommentsBrookfield Infrastructure Partners - Take Advantage Of Growing Demand For New InfrastructureBIP• Tue, Jul. 11, 2:22 PM • The Value Portfolio•18 CommentsGreat Plains Energy (GXP) Merges with Westar EnergyGXP• Tue, Jul. 11, 10:30 AM • SA Transcripts•5 CommentsThe Future Is ElectricAEP, GXP, DTE• Mon, Jul. 10, 7:12 AM • Roger S. Conrad•14 CommentsInnergex: A Dependable 4.57% Dividend Yield StockINGXF• Fri, Jul. 7, 5:07 PM • Ploutos Investing•9 CommentsDominion: Strong Growth OutlookD• Fri, Jul. 7, 4:21 PM • Jonathan Wheeler•31 CommentsForget Southern Company, Here's A Utility With Double The Total Return Potential That's Also 28% UndervaluedSO, NEP• Thu, Jul. 6, 6:55 PM • Dividend Sensei•200 CommentsAn Earnings Miss For Southwest Gas Is An Opportunity For InvestorsEditors' Pick • SWX• Thu, Jul. 6, 8:30 AM • Tristan R. BrownBrookfield Renewable Partners - The Next Big Thing In Investing?BEP• Wed, Jul. 5, 5:41 PM • The Value Portfolio•53 CommentsTarga Resources: Is the 8% Yield Indeed Attractive?TRGP• Wed, Jul. 5, 2:54 PM • RCK Financial Services•9 CommentsClean Energy Fuels Hits Local Snag; Fuel Sales Expand NationallyCLNE• Wed, Jul. 5, 3:17 AM • The Political Economist•45 CommentsDuke Energy: Should You Buy The Dip?DUK• Tue, Jul. 4, 12:35 PM • Aristofanis Papadatos•23 CommentsONEOK: An Attractive Stock For Various InvestorsOKE• Tue, Jul. 4, 7:30 AM • Alexander Valtsev•22 CommentsNorthland Power: Possible Upside PotentialNPIFF• Mon, Jul. 3, 2:33 PM • Ploutos Investing•4 CommentsTransCanada: Unlikely To Emerge UnscathedTRP• Mon, Jul. 3, 12:16 PM • Jesse Donovan•18 CommentsThe Top Utilities And Infrastructure CEFsBUI, DPG, UTF• Mon, Jul. 3, 11:47 AM • Left Banker•41 CommentsPattern Energy Secures Growth In Own TransformationPEGI• Fri, Jun. 30, 2:08 PM • Robert Dydo•34 CommentsFortis: Growth Initiatives Will Support 6% Annual Dividend GrowthFTS• Fri, Jun. 30, 2:04 PM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsPublic Service Enterprise Group (PEG) Investor Presentation (Jefferies Securities) - SlideshowPEG• Fri, Jun. 30, 11:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentConsolidated Edison: DGI Favorite, But OverpricedED• Fri, Jun. 30, 4:06 AM • Jonathan Wheeler•13 Comments8point3 Energy Partners LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCAFD• Thu, Jun. 29, 11:46 PM • SA TranscriptsAmerican States Water: An Expensive Dividend KingAWR• Thu, Jun. 29, 3:30 PM • Cash-Centered Creep•12 CommentsAlgonquin: Dependable Dividend DelivererAQN• Thu, Jun. 29, 3:12 PM • Ploutos Investing•51 CommentsPattern Energy (PEGI) Investor Presentation - SlideshowPEGI• Thu, Jun. 29, 2:31 PM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsThe Best Dividend Growth Stock You Don't Own (But Should)UUGRY• Wed, Jun. 28, 8:28 PM • Income Machine•26 CommentsDynegy (DYN) Presents At J.P. Morgan Energy Equity Investor Conference - SlideshowDYN• Wed, Jun. 28, 3:15 PM • SA TranscriptsPinnacle West Capital (PNW) Investor Presentation - SlideshowPNW• Wed, Jun. 28, 3:15 PM • SA TranscriptsXcel Energy (XEL) Presents At J.P. Morgan Energy Equity Investor Conference - SlideshowXEL• Wed, Jun. 28, 3:03 PM • SA TranscriptsAlgonquin Power & Utilities (AQN) Presents At J.P. Morgan Energy Equity Investor Conference - SlideshowAQN• Wed, Jun. 28, 2:59 PM • SA Transcripts2 Excellent High-Yield Dividend Growers And Why They Should MergeEditors' Pick • CAFD, NEP• Wed, Jun. 28, 10:08 AM • Dividend Sensei•32 CommentsA New Trend In Utility M&A?ES• Tue, Jun. 27, 4:08 PM • Roger S. Conrad•13 CommentsFortis (FTS) Presents At J.P. Morgan Energy Equity Investor Conference - SlideshowFTS• Tue, Jun. 27, 3:27 PM • SA TranscriptsTransCanada (TRP) Presents At J.P. Morgan Energy Equity Investor Conference - SlideshowTRP• Mon, Jun. 26, 1:49 PM • SA TranscriptsMonthly High-Dividend Stock Yields 8%, 6 Straight Hikes, More Due In 2017CRIUF• Sun, Jun. 25, 10:08 AM • Double Dividend Stocks•22 CommentsThis Preferred Stock Means A Lot For The Income InvestorEIX• Sat, Jun. 24, 10:12 PM • Arbitrage Trader•50 CommentsNextEra Energy Partners (NEP) Investor Presentation - SlideshowNEP, NEE• Fri, Jun. 23, 12:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentFirstEnergy: AvoidFE• Fri, Jun. 23, 2:33 AM • Cash-Centered Creep•18 CommentsSouthern Company: 'Clean Coal' Might Burn Only Natural Gas, But Not A Ship SinkerSO• Thu, Jun. 22, 4:41 PM • George Fisher•75 CommentsSouthwest Gas Holdings (SWX) Investor Presentation - SlideshowSWX• Thu, Jun. 22, 2:06 PM • SA TranscriptsCentrica (CPYYF) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPYYF• Thu, Jun. 22, 1:18 PM • SA TranscriptsThe EQT Corporation Acquisition Of Rice Energy Is SmartEQT• Wed, Jun. 21, 5:40 PM • The Value Portfolio•5 CommentsSouthern Company: Will The Utility Deliver Despite Its Project Setbacks?SO• Wed, Jun. 21, 9:23 AM • Jonathan Wheeler•20 CommentsI Sold My South Jersey IndustriesSJI• Wed, Jun. 21, 12:15 AM • All American InvestorPattern Energy Group (PEGI) Investor Presentation - SlideshowPEGI• Tue, Jun. 20, 5:38 PM • SA Transcripts•16 CommentsDuke And Its Relative ValuationDUK• Tue, Jun. 20, 5:22 PM • Brandon Dempster•11 CommentsE.ON: Unsustainable GrowthEONGY• Tue, Jun. 20, 1:59 PM • The European Investor•1 Comment123456...62Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•5 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Bancshares' (EQBK) CEO Brad Elliott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQBK•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NBH Holdings' (NBHC) CEO Timothy Laney on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NBHC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fifth Third Bancorp's (FITB) CEO Greg Carmichael on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FITB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Schlumberger's (SLB) CEO Paal Kibsgaard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SLB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



IBERIABANK's (IBKC) CEO Daryl Byrd on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IBKC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 











Enel Societa Per Azioni (ESOCF) Ownership Summary - NASDAQ.com








































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
	ESOCF >
	Ownership & Insider Trades











Enel Societa Per Azioni Ownership Summary 


ESOCF 
$5.74
*  
0.12

2.14 %
Get ESOCF Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 21, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading ESOCF now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    ESOCF After Hours



















ESOCF





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks






















            Institutional Ownership
            View ESOCF Ownership


Institutional Summary as reported in the most recent 13F filings





Institutional Holdings
0%





Total Number of Holders
0


Total Shares Held
0


Total Value of Holdings
0


Net Activity
0






Top 5 Holders of Institutional Holdings

No Institutional Holding for this security




1.




2.




3.




4.




5.








ESOCF Ownership Overview


            Enel Societa Per Azioni (ESOCF) Ownership Summary provides a snapshot of institutional holdings and activity for a particular stock. 
            The institutional holdings summary data encompasses the holdings and change from most recent 13F filings. 
            The insider filer data counts the number of monthly positions over 3 month and 12 month time spans. 
            Summary data is calculated daily, using the most up to date information available.
		


  Learn more about the Ownership Summary Page
		



            Insider Trades
            View ESOCF Insider Trades


Insider Trades Summary as filed in the Forms 3 and 4 filings







3 Mo.
12 Mo.


Number of Buys
0
0


Number of Sells
0
0


Total Insider Trades
0
0


Net Activity
0
0






Top 5 Insider Trades



No Insider for this security

































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


















































ENEL SOCIETA PER AZIONI (ENLAY) stock chart — ENEL SOCIETA PER AZIONI:OTC price quotes | TradingView






























































TradingView
 







United States


United Kingdom
												



India
												



España
												



France
												



Italia
												



Polska
												



Brasil
												



Россия
												



Türkiye
												



Indonesia
												



日本
												



한국
												

















How It Works
Chart Features
House Rules
Moderators

For the WEB
Widgets
Stock Charting Library

Feature Request

Blog & News
FAQ
Help & Wiki
Twitter













Private Messages
Chat



										Ideas Published
										




										Followers
										




										Following
										




Priority Support


Public Profile
Profile Settings

Account and Billing

Sign Out



Sign In



		Go PRO
	

Go PRO
30-day Free Trial


		Join For Free
	

Go PRO Early








TradingView








Sign In


IdeasAsset ClassCurrenciesStocksIndicesFuturesCryptocurrenciesBondsCFDsTrend AnalysisSupport & ResistanceSupply & DemandPivot PointsFibonacciTrend LinesCandlestick AnalysisMultiple Time Frame AnalysisSeasonalityFractalsCyclesHarmonic PatternsAB=CDThree DrivesGartleyBatButterflyCrabCypher5-0SharkChart PatternsDouble Top or BottomHead & ShouldersWedgeCup & HandleFlagPennantRectangleParallel ChannelPitchforksTriangleIndicators & OverlaysOscillatorsCentered OscillatorsVolatilityTrend AnalysisVolumeMoving AverageBreadth IndicatorsBill Williams IndicatorsWave AnalysisElliott WaveNeo WaveSine WaveWolfe WaveKondratieff WaveGannGann BoxGann FanGann SquareBeyond Technical AnalysisRisk ManagementTrading PsychologyTrading PlanTrading ToolsMacroeconomicsMarketsCurrenciesEconomic CalendarForex Signal FinderMajorMinorExoticAmericasEuropeAsiaPacificMiddle EastAfricaDXY, EUR/USD, USD/JPY, GBP/USD, AUD/USD, USD/CADStocksEarnings CalendarStock ScreenerTop GainersTop LosersMost ActiveLarge-CapSmall-CapMost VolatileAll Time HighAll Time LowGENERAL ELECTRIC CO, SPDR S&P 500 ETF, BANK AMER CORP, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC, IPATH S&P 500 VIX SHORT-TERM FUTURES ETN, MICROSOFT CORPIndicesMajor World IndicesUS IndicesS&P SectorsS&P 500, Nasdaq 100, Dow 30, Nikkei 225, DAX, FTSE 100FuturesAgriculturalEnergyCurrenciesMetalsWorld IndicesInterest RatesGold, Silver, Crude Oil, Natural Gas, Coffee, CottonCryptocurrenciesBitcoinEthereumRippleLitecoinEthereum ClassicDashMoneroZcashGolemSteemGnosisBitcoin / Dollar, Bitcoin / Euro, Ethereum / Dollar, Ethereum / Bitcoin, Litecoin / Dollar, Ripple / BitcoinBondsAmericasEuropeAsiaPacificMiddle EastAfricaUS 10Y, Euro Bund, Germany 10Y, Japan 10Y, UK 10Y, India 10YCFDsAgriculturalEnergyMetalsWorld IndicesInterest RatesGOLD (US$/OZ), Brent Oil, Crude Oil, Natural Gas, PALLADIUM (US$/OZ), SILVER (US$/OZ)ScriptsOscillatorsRelative Strength Index (RSI)Average Directional Index (ADX)Stochastic OscillatorChande Momentum Oscillator (CMO)True Strength Index (TSI)Ultimate Oscillator (UO)Stochastic RSIVortex Indicator (VI)Directional Movement Index (DMI)DeMarker Indicator (DeM)Centered OscillatorsMoving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD)Commodity Channel Index (CCI)Fisher TransformMomentum Indicator (MOM)Woodies CCITRIXDetrended Price Oscillator (DPO)Percent Price Oscillator (PPO)Bears PowerKnow Sure Thing (KST)VolatilityAverage True Range (ATR)Bollinger Bands (BB)Rate of Change (ROC)Donchian ChannelsKeltner Channels (KC)Parabolic Stop and Reverse (PSAR)Historical VolatilityStandard DeviationVolatility StopChaikin Volatility (CHV)Trend AnalysisIchimoku CloudPivot PointsPrice/Earnings Ratio (P/E Ratio)Support & ResistanceCommitment of Traders (COT)Linear RegressionPring Special KZig Zag IndicatorCandlestick AnalysisRelative Strength Comparison (RSC)VolumePut/Call Ratio (PCR)Volume IndicatorMoney Flow Index (MFI)Chaikin Money Flow (CMF)Volume ProfileVolume-weighted Average Price (VWAP)Accumulation / Distribution Line (ADL)Price Volume Trend (PVT)Ease of Movement (EOM)Negative Volume Index (NVI)Moving AverageExponential Moving Average (EMA)Weighted Moving Average (WMA)Simple Moving Average (SMA)Hull Moving Average (HMA)Kaufman's Adaptive Moving Average (KAMA)Smoothed Moving Average (SMMA)Variable Index Dynamic Average (VIDYA)Volume-weighted Moving Average (VWMA)Fractal Adaptive Moving Average (FRAMA)Double Exponential Moving Average (DEMA)Breadth IndicatorsOn Balance Volume (OBV)McClellan OscillatorMcClellan Summation IndexAdvance/Decline RatioCumulative Volume Index (CVI)Arms Index (TRIN)Advance/Decline LineHigh-Low IndexAdvance/Decline Volume LineBill Williams IndicatorsAwesome Oscillator (AO)Williams FractalMarket Facilitation IndexWilliams AlligatorGator OscillatorAccelerator Oscillator (AC)EducationChart






















Browse









Trending











Most Discussed











Most Viewed











Most Agreed











All Ideas




Time









Today











This Week











This Month











All Time











ENEL SOCIETA PER AZIONI

OTC:ENLAY




Follow ENLAY
Following ENLAY
Unfollow ENLAY






 
 





 
 
 
 



 
 
  






Prev
 




Open
 




Volume
 




1 Day Range
  -  





EPS
 




Mkt Cap
 




PE
 












Trending
Today





Trending




Most Discussed




Most Viewed




Most Agreed




All Ideas






Today




This Week




This Month




All Time
























ENLAY Stock Chart


 





Interactive Chart



















ENLAY














 
			Fundamentals ENLAY
		





Price History

Average Volume (10 day)
---


Beta - 1 Year
---


Price - 52 Week High
---


Price - 52 Week Low
---



Valuation

Enterprise Value/EBITDA, TTM
---


Enterprise Value, FQ
---


Market Cap - Basic
---


Number of Employees
---


Number of Shareholders
---


Price/Earnings, TTM
---


Price/Revenue, TTM
---


Price/Book Ratio, FY
---


Price/Sales Ratio, FY
---





Dividends

Dividends Paid, FY
---


Dividends per Share, FQ
---


Expected Annual Dividends
---


Dividends Yield
---



Margins

Net Margin, TTM
---


Gross Margin, TTM
---


Operating Margin, TTM
---


Pretax Margin, TTM
---





Balance Sheet

Cash Ratio, FY
---


Current Ratio, FQ
---


Debt to Equity, FQ
---


Net Debt, FQ
---


Quick Ratio, FQ
---


Total Assets, FQ
---


Total Debt, FQ
---



Income Statement

Basic EPS, Net Income
---


Earnings per Share, Basic, TTM
---


EBITDA, TTM
---


Gross Profit, FY
---


Last Annual EPS
---


Last Annual Revenue, FY
---


Net Income, FY
---


Total Revenue, FY
---


Free Cash Flow, TTM
---





Operating Metrics

Return on Assets, TTM
---


Return on Equity, TTM
---


Return on Invested Capital, TTM
---


Revenue per Employee, TTM
---














News








	There are no publications for this symbol.












How It Works




Features




For the WEB




Widgets






Community



Blog
House Rules
Moderators
People
Chat
Chat History
Press
Referral Program
Advertise




Tools and Features



GO PRO
Stock Screener
Forex Signal Finder
Economic Calendar
AppStore
Stock Charting Library
Trading Terminal
Publishing & Social Tools
Education




Support



Status Page
Feature Request
Help & Wiki
FAQ
Contacts
Terms of Use
Risk Warning
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy




Trading Ideas



Stocks
Forex
Futures
Indices
Bitcoin
Elliott Waves
Harmonic Patterns
Technical Analysis



































© 2017 TradingView
Stock Charts & Forex Charts


Made with 


								From the creators of MultiCharts


								Select market data provided by ICE Data services


















United States






United Kingdom



India



España



France



Italia



Polska



Brasil



Россия



Türkiye



Indonesia



日本



한국









Home


Stock Screener


Forex Signal Finder


Economic Calendar


How It Works


Chart Features


House Rules


Moderators


For the WEB


Widgets


Stock Charting Library


Priority Support


Feature Request


Blog & News


FAQ


Help & Wiki


Twitter
















Private Messages


Chat


Ideas Published



Followers



Following



Priority Support


Public Profile


Profile Settings



Account and Billing


Sign Out




		Go PRO
	

Go PRO
30-day Free Trial


		Join For Free
	

Go PRO Early


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















enel societa per azioni - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Beginners Guide To Options - Easy-To-Follow, 67 page Guide



Ad
 ·
www.prtradingresearch.com/​Beginner/​OptionsGuide



Stop Procrastinating! Download Guide To Trading Options and Retire Worry-Free




ENLAY Analyst Ratings | flashratings.com



Ad
 ·
flashratings.com



All Current Analyst Ratings and Price Targets for Enel





About us



FlashRatings' Principles




Analyst Ranking



Privacy





Searches related toenel societa per azioni



societa per azioni meaning


azioni enel


unicredit societa per azioni


deutsche bank società per azioni



finmeccanica societa per azioni


grafico azioni enel


societa italiana


borsa italiana azioni




Web Results

ENEL Societa per Azioni ADR's (ENLAY) CEO Richard Ross on ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/3384875-enel-societa-per-azioni...


ENEL Societa per Azioni ADR (OTCPK:ENLAY) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2015 03:30 AM ET Executives Elisabetta Ghezzi - Investor Relations F


Enel Societa Per Azioni (ESOCF) Ownership Summary - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/esocf/ownership-summary


Enel Societa Per Azioni (ESOCF) ownership summary provides a high level overview of up-to-date institutional holdings and insider trades


ENEL – Società per Azioni ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V.

https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/investors/ENEL_05102016...


Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2016 ENEL – Società per Azioni (incorporated with limited liability in Italy) as an Issuer and Guarantor and


ENEL SOCIETA PER AZIONI (ENLAY) stock chart — ENEL SOCIETA ...

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/ENLAY


ENEL SOCIETA PER AZIONI (ENLAY) — free ENEL SOCIETA PER AZIONI charts and price quotes online on the best financial platform TradingView. Trading ideas for OTC ...


Enel Societa Per Azioni (PC) Historical Data - ESOCF | ADVFN

https://www.advfn.com/stock-market/USOTC/ESOCF/historical


Historical prices for Enel Societa Per Azioni (PC) with share price and ESOCF stock charts. Free real-time prices, and the most active stock market forums.


ENEL Societa per Azioni (ENLAY: OTC Pink Current) | Ex ...

www.watchdogstocks.com/enel-societa-per-azioni-enlay-otc-pink...


ENEL Societa per Azioni will disburse a Cash Dividend dividend of $0.05596 to shareholders of ENLAY. You may find a complete list of dividends at otcmarkets.com.


Enel - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enel


Società per azioni: Traded as: BIT: ENEL: Industry: Electricity Natural gas: ... Enel is an Italian multinational manufacturer and distributor of electricity and gas.


ENEL – Societa` per Azioni ENEL FINANCE INTERNATIONAL N.V.

https://www.enel.com/content/dam/enel-com/investors/attachments...


Offering Circular dated 20 October 2015 ENEL – Societa` per Azioni (incorporated with limited liability in Italy) as an Issuer and Guarantor and


Enel Societa Per Azioni (ESOCF) Dividend Date &amp ...

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/esocf/dividend-history


See the upcoming ex dividend date and dividend history for Enel Societa Per Azioni (ESOCF). Stay alerted to dividend announcements for ESOCF and all the companies you ...


ENEL Societa per Azioni Stock Scoreboard - Investing.com

https://www.investing.com/equities/enel-societa-per-azioni-scoreboard


Investing.com users’ scoreboard for the ENEL Societa per Azioni stock.










Beginners Guide To Options - Easy-To-Follow, 67 page Guide



Ad
 ·
www.prtradingresearch.com/​Beginner/​OptionsGuide



Stop Procrastinating! Download Guide To Trading Options and Retire Worry-Free




ENLAY Analyst Ratings | flashratings.com



Ad
 ·
flashratings.com



All Current Analyst Ratings and Price Targets for Enel





About us



FlashRatings' Principles




Analyst Ranking



Privacy




Searches related toenel societa per azioni



societa per azioni meaning


azioni enel


unicredit societa per azioni


deutsche bank società per azioni



finmeccanica societa per azioni


grafico azioni enel


societa italiana


borsa italiana azioni




12345Next






Answers







Enel



Enel is an Italian multinational manufacturer and distributor of electricity and gas. Enel, which originally stood for National Board for Electricity...

more






Tema Oil Refinery



was first named the Ghanaian Italian Petroleum Company (GHAIP). It was licensed as a private limited liability company in 1960 as a fully owned Italian...

more






Società per azioni



Società per azioni is a form of corporation in Italy, meaning "company limited by shares" (although often translated as "joint-stock company", which...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.


































Enel.it - Sito ufficiale - enel.it





































Submit




Quick links


Futur-e


La nostra forza


Clienti


Lavorare in Enel 





















AZIENDA


PROGETTI


CLIENTI


FUTUR-E


MEDIA 


CARRIERE 









































































































































progetti





Economia circolare, un nuovo modello per l'Italia





scopri di più



contenuti correlati




Il progetto Futur-e fa scuola





Innovazione e sostenibilità per Brindisi










idroelettrico





Una task force contro la siccità





scopri di più



contenuti correlati




Le grandi dighe italiane in 100 foto d'epoca





La centrale idroelettrica del Coghinas










illuminazione artistica





Light for Pompei





scopri di più



contenuti correlati




Enel svela i misteri di Napoli





Porte aperte all'archivio Enel










innovazione





Open Innovability, la sfida del crowdsourcing





scopri di più



contenuti correlati




Sviluppo sostenibile, il Festival che mancava





V2G, l'auto del futuro è una batteria














Sportelli mobili




Indennizzi e risarcimento danni maltempo Abruzzo e Marche

					Maggiori informazioni
				










Vivi l'energia










            Scopri le nostre offerte
Luce e gas ma non solo. Abbiamo tante soluzioni efficienti e sostenibili per la tua vita

Scopri di più











sostenibilità

Alla scoperta dell'Economia Circolare
	                  	
	                

L'Economia Circolare è uno dei temi più strategici e rilevanti dei prossimi anni, apre scenari da scoprire e nuovi modelli da disegnare









formula e
Roma città aperta alla mobilità elettrica
                   		
                   









Enel Network



enelenergia.it
                                      





Enel Network




                                servizioelettriconazionale.it
                                      





Enel Network




                                e-distribuzione.it
                                      
















Cookie Policy
​​​​​​​Questo sito utilizza alcuni tipi di cookie, tra cui quelli di profilazione propri e di terze parti. 
 Proseguendo la navigazione ​acconsente all’uso dei cookie. Per saperne di più cliccare qui. 














Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.













































Enel - enel.com
































Submit




Quick links


Stories


All press releases


Where we are


Careers


Management team





















ABOUT US


STORIES


MEDIA


INVESTORS


CAREERS





































































































































































media





Ringing the bell at the NYSE for Formula E





Watch the video



related content


April 21, 2017
Earth Day 2017, the Green road towards e-mobility



December 02, 2016
1st December 2016, the beginning of a new story










ENEL COLLABORATIONS





The Enel Partnership & Technology map





find out more



related content


August 29, 2016
Our vision



August 29, 2016
Who we are










electric mobility





#EnelFocusOn, towards sustainable mobility





Read more



related content


March 30, 2017
#EnelFocusOn San Francisco



November 25, 2016
#EnelFocusOn London










Formula e





Enel and Formula E make history in New York





read more



related content


June 13, 2017
The Berlin Wall



April 13, 2017
Formula E, the Mexican revolution










About us





Our vision





Read more



Related content


August 29, 2016
Who we are



January 26, 2016
New era, new energy, new Enel















Investor Information








1M
3M
1Y
5Y








Capital Markets Day
Strategic plan 17-19





Capital Markets Day
Press release





Sustainability
Report 2016
















Privacy policy update
We have changed our privacy policy on October 15th, 2015. If you're interested to see what changed, please click  here


























Enel Group (@EnelGroup) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Enel GroupVerified account



@EnelGroup












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
4,067
            



Following
Following
1,251



Followers
Followers
24.5K



Likes
Likes
3,724



Lists
Lists
3


Moments
Moments
2
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists
Moments






Unmute @EnelGroup

Mute @EnelGroup



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Enel GroupVerified account



@EnelGroup


Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets



            Roma

      



 
    enel.com
  




Joined August 2011












                
                982 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @EnelGroup
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @EnelGroup
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Enel Group followed
        





















Pinned Tweet







Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Together w/ @FIAformulaE we offset the emissions of the #NYCePrix for the first time in the history. Follow #EnelFE   pic.twitter.com/O1AeJg8Uzt



















4 replies




15 retweets




21 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


21





Liked


21










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Enel Group Retweeted
            







Daniele Russolillo‏ @darussol

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Learning a lot from #ChrisRegan #EnelFE #EnelFocusOn about the microgrid that supplies green power to #EV for the #ePrix in Brooklyn.pic.twitter.com/gqVMmDJZ6e














Michele Bologna,
    Simone Cosimi,
    Franz Russo and
    2 others









Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Michele BolognaVerified account @Bolovox1



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Simone CosimiVerified account @SimoneCosimi



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Franz RussoVerified account @franzrusso



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








EmFPecoraVerified account @EmFPecora



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ryan O'KeeffeVerified account @rokeeffe100



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            












3 replies




4 retweets




9 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Enel Group Retweeted
            







Amy Davidsen‏ @AmyDavidsen

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







All about batteries and renewable electricity today- thx #EnelFE for the clean charge today @FormulaEpic.twitter.com/8B9Y614tBF
















2 replies




3 retweets




4 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Enel Group Retweeted
            







Rachel Kyte‏ @rkyte365

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thanks to @EnelGroup for powering today’s #NYCePrix. The future is electrification.pic.twitter.com/UCR6El07bK























4 replies




4 retweets




17 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thanks to Francesco Genuardi, Consul General @ItalyinNY, to join the #EnelFocusOn in #NewYork.pic.twitter.com/N4QGDC0C20
















2 replies




3 retweets




10 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Enel Group Retweeted
            







Josep Lluís Micó‏ @jlmico

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#NYCePrix — #EnelFE use intelligent storage to manage peaks in electricity demand & guarantee the paddock always has all the energy it needspic.twitter.com/xolzLkyQYr














Enel Group and
    Enel Group






1 reply




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What an amazing #NYCePrix! Congrats to @sambirdracing, the winner of the 1st zero emission @FIAformulaE race    #EnelFEpic.twitter.com/aSI6A276uB














kate  burson,
    Andy Palanisamy  🇺🇸,
    Heather Clancy and
    6 others









Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








kate  bursonVerified account @kcburson



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Andy Palanisamy  🇺🇸Verified account @transportgooru



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Heather ClancyVerified account @greentechlady



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ankita RaoVerified account @anrao



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Simone CosimiVerified account @SimoneCosimi



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








EmFPecoraVerified account @EmFPecora



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Andrea BertaglioVerified account @AndreaBertaglio



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Daniele RussolilloVerified account @darussol



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








gabe kleinVerified account @gabe_klein



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            












1 reply




16 retweets




29 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


16




Retweeted


16








Like


29





Liked


29










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Enel Group Retweeted
            







kate  burson‏ @kcburson

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







First Formula E Race! It was amazing! Thank you @EnelGroup for supporting electric cars, clean energy, and innovation. Way to lead!





1 reply




13 retweets




20 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


13




Retweeted


13








Like


20





Liked


20










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Stillwater showcases our pioneering technology: it's the first hybrid power plant in the world! http://formulae.enel.com/app/  #EnelFE #NYCePrixpic.twitter.com/GYxgW1T8rP



















1 reply




7 retweets




9 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Enel Group Retweeted
            







Daniele Russolillo‏ @darussol

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Following #NYCePrix #EnelFocusOn in Brooklyn, electric cars are super fast and they only make #starwars like sounds... so cool to be here!pic.twitter.com/OiHmU6saON














kate  burson,
    Franz Russo,
    Simone Cosimi and
    7 others









Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








kate  bursonVerified account @kcburson



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Franz RussoVerified account @franzrusso



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Simone CosimiVerified account @SimoneCosimi



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Andrea BertaglioVerified account @AndreaBertaglio



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








gabe kleinVerified account @gabe_klein



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ryan O'KeeffeVerified account @rokeeffe100



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Michele BolognaVerified account @Bolovox1



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Isabella PanizzaVerified account @isabellapanizza



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








FIA Formula EVerified account @FIAformulaE



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Enel GroupVerified account @EnelGroup



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            












0 replies




5 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Did you know that 215 recharges for a smartphone = @fiaformulae car that uses 1.17kWh to complete a lap? #NYCePrix #EnelFEpic.twitter.com/1GH39mB1bt



















1 reply




3 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our energy storage system enables the paddock to operate automatically by managing the energy demand peaks. #EnelFE #NYCePrixpic.twitter.com/Bll2Efm5Ya



















1 reply




5 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#EnelFE has brought sustainability to pole position at the #NYCePrix. The 9th race of the @Fiaformulae championship is starting soon   pic.twitter.com/jFdHvbTGKs
















1 reply




3 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A chat with @kcburson on the importance of the production and design of electric cars to make world a better place. #EnelFE #NYCePrixpic.twitter.com/fqSHXbmKtU














kate  burson






0 replies




5 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#emobility is a key player for a sustainable future w/ big partners to make it happen @transportgooru mobility&tech expert #EnelFE #NYCePrixpic.twitter.com/HqUel561DI














Andy Palanisamy  🇺🇸






0 replies




4 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What an exciting experience at the Pit Line Walk for our international influencers today! #EnelFE #NYCePrixpic.twitter.com/e5gB1dCF18





















Franz Russo,
    gabe klein,
    Daniele Russolillo and
    7 others









Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Franz RussoVerified account @franzrusso



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








gabe kleinVerified account @gabe_klein



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Daniele RussolilloVerified account @darussol



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Andy Palanisamy  🇺🇸Verified account @transportgooru



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Heather ClancyVerified account @greentechlady



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ankita RaoVerified account @anrao



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








kate  bursonVerified account @kcburson



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Michela CerrutiVerified account @MichelaCerruti



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Simone CosimiVerified account @SimoneCosimi



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Andrea BertaglioVerified account @AndreaBertaglio



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            












1 reply




8 retweets




13 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Come visit our stand to discover how we are building a new future where technologies will open up new ways to use energies #EnelFE #NYCePrixpic.twitter.com/DRQAMaaZUA



































1 reply




3 retweets




12 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The #EnelFocusOn has ended here, but our road towards #emobility continues @FIAformulaE #NYCePrix. Keep following us!pic.twitter.com/aRY8GPbzZ6














FIA Formula E






1 reply




1 retweet




10 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@isabellapanizza launches a new website feature at #EnelFocusOn: The Enel Partnership and Technology Map http://bit.ly/2v3XOMv pic.twitter.com/hAXwJca8Im





















gabe klein,
    Ernesto Ciorra,
    Ryan O'Keeffe and
    6 others









Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








gabe kleinVerified account @gabe_klein



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ernesto CiorraVerified account @ernestociorra



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ryan O'KeeffeVerified account @rokeeffe100



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Franz RussoVerified account @franzrusso



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








kate  bursonVerified account @kcburson



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Michela CerrutiVerified account @MichelaCerruti



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Andy Palanisamy  🇺🇸Verified account @transportgooru



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Heather ClancyVerified account @greentechlady



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ankita RaoVerified account @anrao



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            












1 reply




7 retweets




23 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


23





Liked


23










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Enel Group‏Verified account @EnelGroup

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's time for some Q&A at #EnelFocusOn. Join us with many international influencers participating in an open discussion.pic.twitter.com/bCDkniqC4I

































gabe klein,
    Ernesto Ciorra,
    Mauricio Bustamante and
    5 others









Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








gabe kleinVerified account @gabe_klein



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ernesto CiorraVerified account @ernestociorra



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Mauricio BustamanteVerified account @tv_mauricio



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Simone CosimiVerified account @SimoneCosimi



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Ankita RaoVerified account @anrao



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Heather ClancyVerified account @greentechlady



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Michela CerrutiVerified account @MichelaCerruti



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            











Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








Franz RussoVerified account @franzrusso



                Enel is a multi-national power company and a leading integrated player in the world’s power and gas markets
            












1 reply




4 retweets




13 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @EnelGroup hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user






















Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
