       WASSP wins the Most Innovative International Product Award at the New Zealand Boat Show| News | -Furuno Electric Co., Ltd.                                       23 May 2011  WASSP wins the Most Innovative International Product Award at the New Zealand Boat Show   
Furuno National Distributor in New Zealand, Electronic Navigation Ltd (ENL) has won an award at the New Zealand Boat Show over the weekend for their WASSP Multibeam Sonar.The Wide Angle Sonar Seafloor Profiler (WASSP) was chosen amongst a number of finalists as the winner of the Most Innovative International Product Award.Furuno National Distributor in New Zealand, Electronic Navigation Ltd (ENL) has won an award at the New Zealand Boat Show over the weekend for their WASSP Multibeam Sonar.The Wide Angle Sonar Seafloor Profiler (WASSP) was chosen amongst a number of finalists as the winner of the Most Innovative International Product Award.In choosing the winner, the judges said that although WASSP is a New Zealand designed and built product, ENL bravely chose to enter it in the highly competitive international category. "This is probably because WASSP is already enjoying incredible international success and is currently distributed through Furuno Electric Co., Ltd."The judges were impressed that the product solved an existing problem and did so in a clever, innovative way that saves users both time and money.Accepting the award, ENL CEO Gareth Hodson said the recognition from the New Zealand industry was an honour for the company."We are very proud to be recognised by our peers for our innovation and achievements, and it further proves that New Zealand marine company's are world leaders in the industry," says Mr Hodson.Mr Hodson said it was also important to thank all the employees at ENL and the company's global partners."I would like to thank all of our staff here at ENL and partners around the world for their effort and work they put into the company and our products. We are very proud to boast a 'team' environment here at ENL, this award is very much a reflection of that."WASSP accurately profiles the water column and seafloor highlighting reefs, wrecks, fish schools, seafloor hardness changes and foreign objects in the water column or on the seafloor. The information is presented in user-friendly displays, all controlled via a mouse and stored on computer hard drive for future use.WASSP Sales Manager, Greg Fletcher says it has traditionally been believed wide-angle multibeam sonar's were too expensive for commercial fishing applications to be considered. WASSP has been specifically designed to provide skippers with all the functions and advantages of multi-beam sonar's at a more affordable cost.Commercial Fishermen using WASSP, in markets as diverse as Europe, Asia, North America and Australasia, report improved catch rates, reductions in the time spent fishing, reduced gear damage and appreciable fuel savings due to a greater understanding of their seafloor environment."We currently have WASSP units being installed on a 140m Trawler in Europe and a 7m Cray Fishing boat here in New Zealand, which clearly demonstrates how versatile the product is," says Mr Fletcher.Building on the recent success of WASSP internationally, the coming year will see ENL further develop the WASSP product range, delivering products to cater to the super yacht and sport fishing markets around the globe.


Find more information on WASSP, please visit the website.
http://www.WASSP.com


About Electronic Navigation Limited
Electronic Navigation Ltd (ENL) is New Zealand's premier marine electronics company.Founded in 1946, ENL is a privately owned company that has earned a solid reputation for genuine service, innovation and supplying quality marine electronic products, with over 60 years experience within the marine industry.Through a comprehensive network of technical service dealers and recreational dealers, ENL excels at its traditional activity of providing nationwide distribution of marine electronics.ENL also has an extensive R&D facility that develops their class leading Wide Angle Sonar Seafloor Profiler (WASSP).http://www.enl.co.nz

Back Number         Terms of Use Privacy Policy       Copyright ©      Furuno Electric Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.         
 



Rennel | ENL Commercial | ENL Mauritius


















































About

Businesses



Agribusiness
Commercial
Lifestyle
Property
Rogers
Key Investments




Foundation
Commitments
Investors

Newsroom



News
Enlighten
Press








About

Businesses



Agribusiness
Commercial
Lifestyle
Property
Rogers
Key Investments




Foundation

Commitments

Investors

Newsroom



News
Enlighten
Press



















 View Gallery








Rennel -
                     Company Profile
					




Rennel is an express courier service provider which is fast developing into a full-fledged logistic service supply. The company is a licensee of Federal Express Corporation, the world leader in this field. The FedEx network links more than 220 countries and territories, connecting markets that make up for more than 90% of the world’s gross domestic product within one to three business days.  Rennel has recently sought to develop the full potential of this network for Mauritius by incorporating Rennel Logistics. The company is thus all set to become a one-stop shop for logistics solutions.









 Factsheet 2015 




Date of establishment
1995


% held by ENL Commercial
100


Number of employees
32


Turnover (Rs'm)
63


Profit attributable to equity holders (Rs'm)
(1)









Contact Us




Grewals Lane, Pailles , Mauritius 
T: +230 286 5914 F: +230 286 4948 www.fedex.com 



Previous Company
Next Company 



 












Company Profile - Electronic Navigation Ltd



































 ENL Electronic Navigation Ltd
 Search










About ENL

ENL BranchesCompany ProfilePress RoomEventsLinks 
 


About ENL » Company Profile

	About ENL





					 


						Head Office







				Electronic Navigation Ltd (ENL) is New Zealand's premier marine electronics company.
				
					Founded in 1945, ENL is a privately-owned company that has earned a solid reputation for genuine service, innovation and supplying quality marine electronic products, with 70 years experience within the marine industry.

					As of 19 October 2015 the company's main office is located on Aucklands North Shore. We also have a branch in Nelson, at the top of the South Island to service the southern ocean fishing industry, and an extensive dealer network throughout the country, for more information on dealers near you click on the locate your dealer under the dealers tab.

					ENL were certified with ISO9001 in 2006 and continue to improve processes and procedures to maintain our high standard of service. From the most complex application for defence, commercial and superyacht use to a stand alone fish finder for a trailer boat, ENL has the experience and expertise necessary to specify, supply, install and service quality marine electronics.

					ENL employs a total of 45 people with technical capability and marine experience, with over half the staff have some form of technical qualifications from MSc through to NZCE as well as a number of ex-Navy members.

					There are four key components to ENL's business operations:


						Importing and distribution of marine electronics

						Value added products & services to the NZ commercial fishing and export markets

						Systems integration with a focus on superyachts

						Technology development focusing on Niche markets.


Click here to download the ENL profile.





					MARINE ELECTRONIC IMPORTING AND DISTRIBUTION


						System Design







				Through a comprehensive network of technical service dealers and recreational dealers, ENL excels at its traditional activity of providing nationwide distribution of marine electronics. This business has provided ENL with key competencies in:
				

						Understanding customer requirements in diverse markets such as Sports Fishing, Commercial Fishing, Merchant Shipping and Recreational boating.

						Technical skills to service and support these markets.

						An indepth knowledge of the technologies involved in the products ENL markets.

						A comprehensive list of international contacts to keep ENL abreast with market trends and technology development.


					ENL distributes products from Europe, USA, Japan and Australia throughout New Zealand and the South Pacific. Distribution agreements are in place with Furuno, MaxSea, Maretron, CourseMaster, Seatel, KVH, Transas, Uniden.

					VALUE ADDED COMMERCIAL FISHING, EXPORTS

					ENL supplies high value marine electronics into the fishing market and focuses on adding value to this market through highly skilled technical personnel. The experience of our people is evident at all levels from sales and installation through to commissioning and servicing of products.

					ENL's expertise is sought by the commercial fishing industry in New Zealand and international markets of the South Pacific, South Africa, Spain and Australia.





					SYSTEMS INTEGRATION


						Ships Helm







				ENL is a key supplier to New Zealand's internationally renowned superyacht industry. ENL provides customers with turnkey solutions incorporating entertainment systems, satellite and terrestrial communications, computer systems and networks, Navigation systems and monitoring and control systems. ENL can customise a solution for a 10m - 130m pleasure or commercial craft. Engineering resources are provided to design, install, commission and support these integrated systems. At any point in time, ENL is running over 7 major new build or refit projects.
				
					ENL's TECHNOLOGY INNOVATIONS

					Over the past 70 years, ENL has been focused on providing customers with innovative technology solutions. Traditionally these solutions have been in the form of "system integration" - combining products from world leading manufacturers with ENL's "know-how" to optimise the technology for each customer. As demand grew for new solutions to traditional customer problems or needs, ENL initiated its own R&D team to develop innovative hardware and software solutions to meet these customer demands. All ENL innovations are:


						Customer focused

						Innovative product concept

						Excellence in product design and

						Optimising performance to customer requirements 


					Netlink

					ENL's Netlink product was developed for fishing vessels targeting Orange Roughy at depths of between 500 metres and 1400 metres. Netlink is an acoustic modem and monitoring device which is installed on the headline of trawl nets. Netlink was crucial to helping skippers selectively target deep water fish schools in close proximity to rugged structure such as deep water pinnacles while minimising gear loss.

					Netlink has been sold to commercial fishermen in New Zealand, Australia and Canada.





					DataMasterTM


						DataMaster







				ENL's DataMasterTM is a communications modem and software package that was designed to help land-based Safety at Sea organisations provide Global Maritime Distress and Safety System (GMDSS) safety communications. DataMasterTM is currently managing the GMDSS safety at sea communications for 30% of the world's oceans. It can provide both digital and voice communications over HF and VHF radios. DataMasterTM 3000 incorporates VOIP technology allowing radio operators on a network to utilise remote radio assets and communicate to vessels.
				
					 








						WASSP








ENL's WASSP Multibeam sounders have been developed to provide fisherman with a greater understanding of the fishing environment through the application of new multi-beam technology and advanced signal processing. WASSP will benefit both the Commercial fishing and Sports fishing markets with very detailed sea floor profiles and 3D location of fish schools. WASSP is manufactured by ENL in New Zealand under ISO9001/2000 certification, and are specifically designed to meet the unique requirements of our clients. It is a 360 degree approach from research and development through to design, build and installation that delivers a range of products that provide our clients with unique and innovative technology solutions. WASSP systems are designed, developed and tested to meet the rigorous demands around the world in:

					 


						The Commercial Fishing Industry - Trawlers, Seiners and cray fishing

						The Professional Marine Industry - Marine Surveyors, Exploration

						Government Agencies - Marine Police, Maritime Safety

						The Commercial Industry - Divers, Explorers

						Hydrographic Survey









© 2017 Electronic Navigation Ltd.
 
		
        
        
          | Home
          
      
        
        
          | About ENL
          
      
        
        
          | Projects
          
      
        
        
          | Dealers
          
      
        
        
          | Products
          
      
        
        
          | Videos
          
      
        
        
          | Contact Us
          
       | 
Site by TinSoldier.







J. M. Louis Rivalland B.Sc. (Hons.) (S.A.), F.I.A. (U.K.), F.A.S. (S.A.): Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:28 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Swan General Ltd



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
J. M. Louis Rivalland B.Sc. (Hons.) (S.A.), F.I.A. (U.K.), F.A.S. (S.A.)Group Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, Swan General LtdAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships46--
Background

		Mr. J. M. Louis Rivalland, B.Sc. (Hons.) (S.A.) F.I.A. (U.K.) F.A.S. (S.A.), has been the Group Chief Executive Officer at Swan Life Ltd (also known as The Anglo-Mauritius Assurance Society Limited) of Swan Group since January 1, 2007. Mr. Rivalland serves as a Director of Swan General Ltd.  He serves as Group Chief Executive Officer of The Anglo-Mauritius Assurance Society Ltd. From 1994 to January 1997, he worked for Commercial Union in South Africa as Manager of Product ... Development and also served as its Senior Manager since February 1997. From February 1998 to July 1999, He worked as Actuary and Consultant at Watson Wyatt in Johannesburg, South Africa, whereby he was responsible for developing the investment area and for a number of clients on the pensions side as well as issues relating to the healthcare area. In August 1999, he joined the Swan Group as Consultant. He was involved in the review and setting up of processes and systems for the pensions, investments and life insurance operations and was responsible for the actuarial and consultancy work for the pension schemes. From January 2002 to December 2004, he served as Executive Manager of The Anglo-Mauritius at Swan Group. He served as Group Chief Operations Officer of Swan Group since January 2005 and was responsible for the operations of Swan Insurance and The Anglo-Mauritius. He served as the Chairman of ENL Land Ltd until June 30, 2016 and served its Independent Non-Executive Director since December 2011 until June 30, 2016. He serves as a Director of Swan Insurance, Mon Désert Alma Limited and The Mauritius Development Investment Trust Company Limited. He serves as an Executive Director of The Anglo-Mauritius Assurance Society Limited of Swan Group. He served as a Non-Executive Director of Ireland Blyth Ltd. He served as an Independent Non-Executive Director at ENL Commercial Limited since November 2004 until December 31, 2015 and New Mauritius Hotels Ltd. since March 2002. He served as a Director of Naïade Resorts Ltd. from January 1, 2007 to April 30, 2010. He served as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Mon Desert Alma Ltd. since 2004. He served as Director of Belle Mare Holding Ltd. He served as President of the Insurers' Association since March 2006. He is a Board Member of the Mauritius Revenue Authority and a member of the Financial Services Consultative Council. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of United Kingdom and a Fellow of the Actuarial Society of South Africa. Mr. Rivalland holds a B.Sc. (Hons.) in Actuarial Science and Statistics, South Africa.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Swan CentrePort Louis, -- --MauritiusPhone: 230 207 3500Fax: 230 208 6898
Board Members Memberships
Group Chief Executive Officer & Executive DirectorSwan General LtdGroup Chief Executive & Executive DirectorSwan Life Ltd2002-PresentIndependent Non-Executive DirectorNew Mauritius Hotels Limited
Education
Bachelor's Degree Oxford University Business School
Other Affiliations
Ireland Blyth Ltd.Oxford University Business SchoolENL Land LtdLux Island Resorts LtdENL Commercial LimitedMon Desert Alma LtdNew Mauritius Hotels LimitedBelle Mare Holding LimitedSwan Life Ltd


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Swan General Ltd, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Annual Report - ENL Commercial



























Download full Annual Report





















FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
































CEO's
                                        REPORT






Investments made this year to improve efficiency and control costs should bear results next year, while the business environment we operate in is promised to improve. This makes us confident that we will be able to turn around our current financial situation in the coming months.
ERIC ESPITALIER-NOËL
CEO - ENL Commercial Limited


Read full review









clusters’ performance









Automotive
CLUSTER
The automotive segment, represented by Axess, drives the performance of ENL Commercial. It is engaged in the import and sale of new passenger vehicles and agro-industrial [...]


Rs 2bn
                                                 turnover


Rs 11m
                                                 Profit after tax



Download Performance Report






INDUSTRY & MANUFACTURING
CLUSTER
The industry and manufacturing segment of our operations produces a range of products and services that includes eyewear for exports, swimming pools, storage tanks and other related wares, timber and other raw materials for the construction sector, carton boxes and packaging solutions as well as houselinen and soft furnishings for interiors and exteriors.

Download Performance Report






Trading & Services
CLUSTER
Turnover in this segment went down by 6%, from Rs 267m last year to Rs 251m, during the year under review. However, we were able to cut losses down to Rs 1m compared to Rs 8m last year.

Download Performance Report












Leadership



Board of directors








Gérard Garrioch
Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director
Complete profile







Edouard Espitalier-Noël
Non-Executive Director
Complete profile







Eric Espitalier-Noël
Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director
Complete profile







Gilbert Espitalier-Noël
Non-Executive Director
Complete profile







Hector Espitalier-Noël
Non-Executive Director
Complete profile







Roger Espitalier Noël
Non-Executive Director
Complete profile







Antoine Marrier D’Unienville
Executive Director
Complete profile







Louis Rivalland
Independent Non-Executive Director
Complete profile







Simon-Pierre Rey
Independent Non-Executive Director
Complete profile










Senior Managers





Eric Espitalier-Noël
Chief Executive Officer- ENL Commercial
Complete profile





Olivier Lagesse
Chief Operating Officer - ENL Commercial
Complete profile







Management of subsidiaries




Hubert Koenig
Administrative Manager – Pack Plastics Limited, Charabia & L’Epongerie Limitée
Master of Business Administration (2015), IAE Panthéon-Sorbonne & Paris Dauphine

                                                    Previous experience at Plastinax Austral Limited, Island Fertilizers Ltd Joined ENL in 2007




Cedric Deweer
General Manager – Nabridas Ltd
BTS Action Commerciale and ESICAD – Montpellier - France

                                                    Previous experience with Rey & Lenferna
                                                     Joined Nabridas in April 2013




Antoine Marrier d’Unienville
General Manager - Axess Limited
BSocSci Economics from UCT

                                                    Degree from Science Po (Paris)
                                                    Executive Director of ENL Commercial Limited




Denis Gallet
General Manager - Grewals
                                                     (Mauritius) Limited
BCOM - University of Natal - Durban - South Africa
Previous experience with Associated Brokers, Cirné Group
                                                    Joined Grewals in 2002 




Mathieu Lionnet
Manager - Box Manufacturing Company Limited
Licence Professionnelle Management de la Relation Client Europe – Institut Universitaire de Technologie de Nantes DUT (Gestion des Entreprises et Administrations) – Option Petites et Moyennes Organisations – Institut Universitaire de Technologie de Nantes Previous experience with Plaisance Catering Ltd and Cameleon Group Joined Box Manufacturing in February 2013




Nicholas Park
General Manager -Plastinax Austral Limited
DESS in International Commerce - IAE Lyon – France
                                                     Previous experience with Rogers Logistics
                                                    Joined Plastinax in 2008




Ludovic Desvaux
Manager - Rennel Limited (FedEx)
BSocSci Economics from UCT Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Australia and New Zealand
                                                    Previous experience as public practitioner in Australia
                                                    Joined ENL in 2013






Management of associated companies




Sophie de Chalain-Pelletier
Managing Director -Docufile (Mauritius) Ltd
Previous experience as Director of Nonstop Ltd (Debt Management)
                                                Joined Docufile in June 2003




Teddy Dacruz
General Manager – Superdist Limited
Diplôme Universitaire de Technologie en Gestion des Entreprises (France)
                                                 Previous experience with Atalian Global Services Group
                                                Joined Superdist Limited in April 2012




Benoit Hardy
General Manager – Cogir Limitée
BSc (Hons) Civil Engineering Previous experience with Flagstone Ltd
                                                First Joined Cogir in August 1998 till January 2007.
                                                Rejoined Cogir in May 2010




Pierre-Yves Harel
Managing Director - FRCI Limited
DUT in management and administration, DECS Accounting - Aix en Provence - France
                                                Previous experience : GIS - Albatross – Rogers
                                                Joined FRCI in 1993













Corporate Governance
This report describes the main corporate governance framework and compliance of the Company with the disclosures required under the Code of Corporate Governance for Mauritius (‘The Code’).
Download Corporate Governance Report








Risk management









“Enterprise-wide risk assessment adds Value to the business as it enables the Group not only to be apprised of its principal risks, linked to strategic goals, but ensures that appropriate mitigating strategies help in preventing and responding to risks.”
Mr. Simon-Pierre Rey
Chairman of Audit and Risk Management 
                    Committee - ENL Commercial Limited









Managing Risk in delivering our Strategy

1
Why Risk Management matters?

3
What we have in place to manage our Risks?

2
Snapshot of Principal Risks

4
Our Risk Profile


Download risk Management Report








Human Capital








 “To be a world-class player is to be agile, ready and available. It is to work smart and to work hard – the higher the hierarchy, the greater the responsibility and the harder the work.” 
Hector Espitalier-Noël
CEO, ENL Group



Rs 13.1m
expenditure in training
1,678
number of employees


Download Human Capital Report

















Social Capital
This year, we invested Rs 2m to support community development, the protection of the environment as well as arts, culture and sports. Through ENL Foundation, we remain close to the grassroots, aiming at improving the day-to-day of local communities neighbouring ENL businesses, namely Moka-St Pierre, Pailles, Alma, Gros Cailloux and L'Escalier.
Download Social Capital Report


















OUR GROUP
Enl Commercial limited






Automotive


Companies



Brands







Industry & Manufacturing


Companies



Brands







Trading & services


Companies



Brands












RECENT DEVELOPMENTS








Axess became authorised dealer for Peugeot. A dedicated showroom and mechanical workshop were opened at Bagatelle Motor City. 





Maison & Co outlet, by L’Epongerie and Charabia, and a Grewals shop were opened at Bagatelle Home & Leisure to improve brand visibility.





Grewals acquired 50% of Joinery and Metal Distribution International Limited (JMD), a distributor of aluminium profiles, with a view to enlarge its product offering.





Axess performed better in its high-end market segments this year, which saw the launch of several new Jaguar models.





Plastinax acquired a 3D printer to reduce its lead time for product development and to increase its competitiveness.





IT hardware wholesaler Superdist became Avaya’s representative for the Africa region, an add-on to its existing product range.















Downloads





download full annual report





Performance Report
Risk Management Report
Financial Report
Proxy
Governance Report











ENL HOME
INVESTORS
CONTACT US











Gérard Garrioch
Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director




First appointed: November 2004
                    Qualifications: BSc (Hons) Biochemistry (First class), MBA (Distinction)
                     Committee: Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee
Gérard Garrioch is the Executive Chairman and one of the owners of the Cernol Group of Companies, a specialty chemicals Group based in Petite Rivière, Mauritius. He has been President of the Association of Mauritian Manufacturers (2001, 2002), President of the Mauritius Employers Federation (2004, 2005), Chairman of the Joint Economic Council from 2008 to 2009, member of the National Economic and Social Council (two years) and a member of the Human Resources Development Council. Gérard Garrioch started his career with the Harel Frères Group (now Terra) in 1978 working in the alcohol distillation company as production manager then as a Manager. He then left to manage Cernol Chemicals Ltd in 1981 and became one of the owners after a management buyout in 2005. Gérard Garrioch acquired a considerable experience in the marketing and manufacturing sectors as well as export to the Region, Cernol having companies in those sectors in Mauritius and Madagascar. Gérard Garrioch is also non-executive Chairman of Cie de Beau Vallon Ltée, a Group which has interests in Agriculture (Sugar), Tourism and Property Development. He also chairs the two main subsidiaries of the Beau Vallon Group which are listed companies on the DEM market of the Mauritius Stock Exchange: Union SE  (Sugar production) and Southern Cross Tourist Co Ltd (which owns and operates two hotels in Mauritius: Le Preskil and Solana Beach).
                    Gerard Garrioch was awarded an OSK by the President of the Republic of Mauritius for his contribution to the business community.
Directorship in listed companies:

- Southern Cross Tourist Company Limited
- The Union Sugar Estates Co. Ltd










Edouard Espitalier-Noël
Non-Executive Director




First appointed: June 1989
                    Qualifications: BSc (Hons) Electrical & Electronic Engineering
                     Committees: Member of the Audit & Risk Management and Corporate Governance Committees
Edouard Espitalier-Noël started his career in the retail business of electronic equipment in 1987 as Sales Manager of JM Goupille a leader in its field. He then took over the General Management of Galaxy in 1995 and in 1996 was promoted as Managing Director of both JM Goupille and Galaxy. In 2008 Edouard Espitalier-Noël was promoted as Chief Retail Executive of the Cim Group. He has now retired after some 30 years of service. Edouard Espitalier-Noël has a good experience in the trade and retail market of Mauritius.
Directorship in listed companies:

-ENL Limited










Eric Espitalier-Noël
Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director




First appointed: September 1987
                    Qualifications: Bachelor of Social Science, MBA
                     Committee: Member of the Corporate Governance Committee
Eric Espitalier-Noël previously worked with De Chazal Du Mée & Co, Chartered Accountants in Mauritius. He joined the ENL Group in 1986 and is currently the Chief Executive Officer of ENL Commercial Limited. Eric Espitalier-Noël has an extensive experience in the commercial and hospitality sectors being a board member of various companies evolving in those sectors.
Directorship in listed companies:

-Automatic Systems Limited
-ENL Land Ltd
-ENL Limited
-Les Moulins de la Concorde Ltée
-Livestock Feed Limited
-Rogers and Company Limited
-Tropical Paradise Co Ltd (Alternate Director)










Gilbert Espitalier-Noël
Non-Executive Director




First appointed: September 1999 - up for re-election at the next annual meeting
                     Qualifications: BSc University of Cape Town, BSc (Hons) Louisiana State University and MBA INSEAD.
Gilbert Espitalier-Noël joined the Food and Allied Group in 1990 and was appointed Group Operations Director in 2000. He left the Food and Allied Group in February 2007 to join the ENL Group as executive director until June 2015. He is since July 2015 the Chief Executive Officer of New Mauritius Hotels Ltd. Gilbert Espitalier-Noël was President of the Mauritius Chamber of Commerce and Industry in 2001, of the Joint Economic Council in 2002 and 2003 and the Mauritius Sugar Producers Association in 2008 and 2014. Gilbert Espitalier-Noël possesses an extensive experience in the agro industrial, property and hospitality sectors.
                
Directorship in listed companies:

-ENL Land Ltd
-ENL Limited
-Livestock Feed Limited
-New Mauritius Hotels Limited
-Rogers and Company Limited










Hector Espitalier-Noël
Non-Executive Director




First appointed: December 1985
                    Qualifications: Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
                     Committee: Member of the Corporate Governance Committee
Hector Espitalier-Noël previously worked with Coopers and Lybrand in London and with De Chazal du Mée in Mauritius. He is the Chief Executive Officer of ENL Limited and the ENL Group since 1990. He is also the Chairman of New Mauritius Hotels Ltd and Bel Ombre Sugar Estate Ltd and a past chair of Rogers and Company Limited, the Mauritius Chamber of Agriculture, the Mauritius Sugar Producers Association and the Mauritius Sugar Syndicate. Hector Espitalier-Noël has a vast experience in the sugar cane industry, property, hospitality and financial services sectors being the Chairman and a board member of various companies evolving in those sectors.
Directorship in listed companies:

-Ascencia Limited
-ENL Land Ltd
-ENL Limited
-New Mauritius Hotels Limited
-Rogers and Company Limited
-Swan General Ltd
-Swan Life Ltd
-Tropical Paradise Co Ltd










Roger Espitalier Noël
Non-Executive Director




First appointed: April 2016 - up for re-appointment at the next annual meeting
                    Qualifications: Certificate in Textile and Knitwear Technology
                     Committee: Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
Roger Espitalier Noël has headed the operational division of Floreal Knitwear until his nomination as General Manager in 1998. He retired in 2010 after 36 years of service. Roger Espitalier Noël was involved in the restructuring and relaunch of the Malagasy Production Units after the political unrest of 2001 and as from 2008 acted as consultant for Ciel Textile Ltd where his activities were focused on the environmental, logistic, utilities as well as the retail aspects of the Knits division. He is presently working for Ciel Ltd as Corporate Sustainable Advisor and also chairs its Environment & Social Committee.
Directorship in listed companies:

ENL Land Ltd
ENL Limited
Ciel Limited
Ciel Textile Limited










Antoine Marrier D’Unienville
Executive Director




First appointed: October 2012
                    Qualifications: BSocSci Economics (UCT), Degree fromScience Po (Paris)
                    
Antoine d’Unienville joined Axess in 1989 and is currently the General Manager.









Louis  Rivalland
Independent Non-Executive Director




First appointed: November 2004
                    Resigned as Director: December 2015
                    Qualifications: BSc. (Hons) degree in Actuarial Science and Statistics, F.I.A. (UK)
                     Committee: Chairman of the Audit & Risk Management Committee









Simon-Pierre  Rey
Independent Non-Executive Director




First appointed: April 2016 - up for re-appointment at the next annual meeting
                    Qualifications: BA (Honours) in Economics and Chartered Accountant (UK)
                     Committee: Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
Simon Pierre has worked for some 25 years with Ireland Blyth Limited in the finance field until his retirement in December 2012. During this period, he has occupied important ranks within the group, notably as Group Finance Director/Controller, Company Secretary and Chief Operating Officer, amongst others. Furthermore, he was a Board member of various companies within the Ireland Blyth Group, whilst serving on several board committees of these entities, namely the Audit and the Corporate Governance Committees. He is a non-executive director of MCB Ltd since 2013. He is currently Chairperson of the Conduct Review Committee, whilst being a member of the Audit Committee and of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Directorship in listed companies:

-The Mauritius Commercial Bank Limited










Eric Espitalier-Noël
Chief Executive Officer- ENL Commercial




Eric Espitalier-Noël holds a Bachelor of Social Science and an MBA. He sits as Executive Director on the Board of the Company.









Olivier Lagesse
Chief Operating Officer - ENL Commercial




Degree in IT & Social Sciences - Montpellier University – France
                    Previous experience with TSI - Portfolio Investment Managers
                    Joined ENL in 1996
















Eastern Bank Ltd. - 首頁 | Facebook











Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁貼文影片相片關於社群優惠網誌評論建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部105,699 人說這讚105,582 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部1000 達卡 Head Office, 10 Dilkusha C.A.+880 2-9556360平均回覆時間：幾小時內Contact Eastern Bank Ltd. on Messengerwww.ebl.com.bd金融公司 · 銀行用戶105,699 個讚更多大家都按讚的專頁The Daily Star廣播與媒體製作公司BRAC Bank Limited金融公司Prothom Alo媒體／新聞公司銀行 （位於達卡）此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁Diners Club InternationalJCB비씨카드 (BC카드, BC Card)中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017貼文Eastern Bank Ltd. · 7月25日 2:41 · Eastern Bank Ltd. · 7月20日 2:44 · 顯示全部影片Jet Airways EBL Platinum Credit Card1102Taste of the Ocean
Recipes have been prepared by Daniel D’ Rozario, Executive Chef and Md. Liakat Ali, Assistant Chef, Saltz Fine Seafood Restaurant.

Lobster Thermidor

Ingredients:
1 whole lobster, about 500gms
1 pc lemon, quartered
1 onion, finely chopped
1 ½ tsp garlic, finely chopped
1 ½ cups full-cream milk
¼ cup butter
1 tbsp yellow mustard 
1/4 cup white vinegar
2-3 mushrooms, sliced
1/3 cup + 1 tbsp grated Parmesan cheese
½ tsp sugar 
Salt and pepper to taste 
1 tsp parsley, finely chopped (for garnish) 

Procedure:
Add the lemon to a pot of salted water and set to boil. Add the lobster to the boiling water and cook for 8 to 12 minutes. Remove the lobster from the boiling water and place in ice water. This will stop the lobster from cooking further. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F or 190 degrees C. In a sauce pan, melt the butter. Stir in the flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes for a light-brown roux. Add the onions and garlic and cook for 30-40 seconds. Stir in the vinegar and milk. Bring the mixture to a boil and reduce flame and let it simmer. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes or until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. Season the sauce (Béchamel) with salt and pepper and sugar. Remove the pan from the stove and stir in the mustard. Then, remove the lobster from the water and split the lobster in half. Remove the meat from the shell. Dice the meat and chopped mushrooms and fold the two in the Béchamel sauce, coating the ingredients generously. Stir in 1/3 cup of the cheese and season accordingly. Divide the mixture and spoon into the two lobster tail shells. Sprinkle the remaining cheese on top of the lobster. Place the filled lobster on a baking sheet and place in the oven or salamander (a large broiler oven). Bake for about 8 to 10 minutes or until a golden brown layer tops the thermidor. For presentation, place the cooked lobster on a large platter, and serve it with roasted potatoes, sautéed seasonal vegetables and buttered rice. Sprinkle chopped parsley to garnish the lobster.

Scallops and Shrimp Lagniappe

Ingredients:
3 pcs scallops, diced in chunks
5 pcs shrimp (32 count),
3 tbsp olive oil
1 onion, diced ¾ of an inch
1 Red, green & yellow capsicum each, diced; about 50 gms altogether
1 tsp garlic, finely chopped
½ tsp black pepper, crushed
1 tsp paprika flakes
1 ¼ tsp Cajun seasoning
2-3 dried, whole, red peppers
2-3 mushrooms, quartered
1 lemon, juiced
4 tbsp Saltz’s special teriyaki sauce
½ tsp sugar 
Salt to taste 
Lemon wedge garnish

Procedure:
Clean the shrimps and scallops, and dice the latter into chunks and set aside.Heat the olive oil in a pan and add the garlic. Cook the garlic for 40 seconds and toss in the onions and the whole, dried, red peppers. Subsequently, keep adding the three coloured pepper, paprika flakes, crushed black pepper, the Cajun seasoning, and the lemon juice in quick succession. Sauté for 4-5 minutes and allow the contents to simmer briefly.In another sauce pan, give the shrimps and scallops a brisk sauté to sear them, which should take about 3-4 minutes. Then transfer the duo to the pan with the vegetables and seasonings, and raise the flame to medium heat. Stir in Saltz’s special teriyaki sauce and the quartered mushrooms to the mixture, and cook for 6-7 minutes. Add sugar and salt to taste. Spoon the Lagniappe on a plate and garnish with a lemon wedge. And there it is, ready to serve!523North American Grilled Favourites

Recipes have been prepared by Mithun Paul, Head Chef and Continental Chef, Spitfire.

Grilled Chicken Salad
Ingredients
1/4 cup lemon juice
1 tbs olive oil
1 1/4 lbs chicken breast
Salt, white pepper and sugar to taste
2 heads of lettuce, chopped
2 tomatoes, cut into pieces
1 red pepper, chopped
Parmesan cheese
Oregano
Tabasco
BBQ sauce
Mustard paste 
1/4 cup cashew nuts, chopped
Potato wedges 

Procedure
In a small bowl, mix together the lemon juice, and olive oil. Place the chicken breasts in a shallow container and season generously with salt and pepper. Pour the juice mixture over the chicken. Cook the chicken on a grill or in a skillet over medium heat. Cook for about 5 minutes on each side, or until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees in the middle of the chicken. Keep a close eye on the temperature so the chicken doesn’t come out dry.
Let the chicken cool a bit, and then cut it into thin strips. Set aside.
Place the lettuce and tomato in a large bowl and mix with the mayonnaise and lemon juices. Transfer the lettuce to a serving platter. Top with the chicken, red pepper, Potato wedges and cashew nuts.

Grilled Rib Eye Steak
Ingredients

Main elements
1 Ribeye steak, 1.25 inches thick
Beef Bacon 

For the Rub (Rubs are mixes of spices and seasoning that add flavour but don't tenderise.)
½ tbsp black peppercorns
½ tsp dried minced garlic
½ tsp mustard paste
½ tsp dried minced onion
½ tsp dried oregano
Rosemary leaf
1 tbsp kosher salt

Procedure
Take your steaks out of the refrigerator about an hour before you want to eat.
Make the rub. Put the peppercorns, minced garlic, minced onion and oregano in a pepper mill and coarsely grind them into a small bowl. Add the salt in batches, tasting for balance, but 1 tablespoon is usually more than enough.
Set up your grill for a two-zone fire and preheat to high (500 degrees Fahrenheit).
Lightly brush your steaks with oil and season both sides with the rub. Grill directly over high heat for 4-5 minutes a side. Rotate the steaks a quarter turn halfway through each side to create a cross-hatched pattern.
You want to pull the steaks off at 127-130 degrees Fahrenheit internal temperature for medium rare. If they aren't quite ready, move the steaks to the part of the grill that is not over direct heat, shut your grill lid and let the steaks roast for another minute or two until done.
Plate the steak and serve with sautéed vegetables.70查看全部相片顯示全部評論145 則評論告訴大家你的想法Shawkeen S. Siddiquey · 2017年6月22日The irony of their tagline burns.(we make things simple for you)  Around end of May, I made the mistake of visiting an #EBL Gulshan rd 8 branch to withdraw some⋯⋯ excess money in a prepaid debit card, but instead during my branch visit was told to contact the call centre while im in the damn branch, asked to take a pay order when they couldve just transferred it into my current account;  Also got my recently opened card closed without my consent. (& so had to spend a further 560 along with recollecting a dozen documents to reopen it) Spent the last 1 month trying to undo the damages (especially waiting at least an hour in the queues for their inconsistent futile advice).  & it's still not sorted. Not even going to start on the fact that they repeatedly cut money cheekily, cut 750 tk without informing you or taking your consent if you want to change your PIN in-branch(vs doing it yourself on an ATM).  Fed up. 更多Nazmus Salehin Tushar · 2017年7月4日I took a aqua card from one of your representative came to our varsity (BRAC University) few months back. But the card is still inactive. I tried to contact wit⋯⋯h that person couple of times but he couldn't help me. Even i have visited my nearest branch to solve this out. They said in my account there is no information about me. How to solve this problem ? This is really very unprofessional from a bank like EBL. Please solve this problem. 更多Azizur Rahman Salim Acma · 2017年6月14日The best conplient bank in the indusry. The best people serve here.Joarder Tanvir Faisal · 2017年6月14日Most secured, fully digital and trusted banking partner for any consumer or corporate client in Bangladesh. We know the value of your money and ensure most secured investment of such fund. Life is sample as well as banking. It's SIMPLE MATH!!!Sharif Uddin · 2017年6月14日It's an honor to being with EBL..... Heartiest congratulations to all EBL family members...Reeyal Hayder Imam · 2017年6月14日Consecutive winner of Asian Bankers Award, 5 Times in a row.Mahmudur Rahman · 2017年6月14日A Bank that can imagine without Fear...for Better Customer Service...Din Islam · 2017年6月14日ব্যাংক ভালো, কিন.....????  আরো সময় লাগবে, সবার কাছ থেকে ভোট নেওয়া প্রয়োজন।Amit Roy Shawon · 2017年6月14日The Best in the Business. .. The Best in Compliance.  The Best in Customer service. The Best in Empoyee Satisfaction..Mahmud Sarkar · 2017年6月15日Best in Class! Setting Standard of Service Quality.Engr MD Rasel Faruk · 2017年7月13日Credit Card দেওয়ার জন্য পিছে পিছে ঘুরে, আর যখন নেয়া হয়ে যায় তখন আর ওনাদের পাওয়া যায় না।顯示全部貼文查看更多




ICM Industrial & Commercial Mouldings Ltd manufacturer of bespoke plastic injection mouldings




















 













































home
company

How to Find Us
Contact Us
ICM News

automotive
quality

QA
Performance
External KPIs
Internal PPMs

manufacturing

Mould Design
Tool Manufacture
Material Selection
Gas Injection Moulding


plant list




injection moulding
ICM is one of the UK's most experienced companies producing precision 
injection mouldings for complex components especially for the automotive, 
industrial, commercial and other high-demand sectors...
how to find us
ICM continue to develop their manufacturing site within the Grove Road Industrial area of Hitchin…
contact us
Contacting ICM is so quick and easy, and you can be sureof a fast response from our sales and admin team, we lookforward to hearing from you…
specialising inautomotive components
ICM has a proven record of exceptional quality and on-time delivery to the automotive industry. This ethic reflects our status as a ‘green light’ supplier to many top manufacturers such as Jaguar Land Rover,BMW Mini, GM, Peugeot Citroen, Nissan and Renault…
quality assurance& environmental policy
At ICM we apply robust controls to all areas of our productionprocesses together with a commitment to being a low carbon manufacturer...
exceptional quality oftenacheiving zero partsper million rejects!
At ICM we exceed the technical and commercial requirements of our customers...
innovative mould designs
A winning combination of 2D and 3D CAD designs,  excellent engineering standards, over 20 years experience and the latest moulding technology…
precision mould tooling
Precision, optimised mould designs manufactured in aluminium, toughened tool steel or fully hardened tool steel to get the bestlongevity from our clients investment…
injection moulding materials
ICM have a superior knowledge of thermoplastic resins, materials and modified compounds to manufacture superior quality moulded components…
gas assistedinjection moulding
This process greatly improves the quality of the mouldedcomponent. Enhances surface finish, minimises warping,reduces raw material cost, part weight and cycle time…
increased plant capacity!
ICM’s latest plant list is now geared to greater output,more choice of component sizes and outstandingproduction flexibility…



product design
tool manufacture
injection moulding
customer solutions






Established for over 20 years, ICM is a privately owned manufacturing company specialising in the production of high quality injection plastic moulded parts for major companies in the UK, throughout Europe and Worldwide. 
ICM offer a comprehensive range of injection moulding services including innovative mould designs, precision mould tooling, gas-assisted injection moulding, an impressive plant list and a superior knowledge of thermoplastic materials.




 find out more 
Achieving the best longevity from your investment...




 find out more 
Superior knowledge of materials and compounds...




 find out more 
Reject rates regularly at zero parts per million...




 find out more 
Land Rover componentsroll-out at ICM...









home
company

How to Find Us
Contact Us
ICM News

automotive
quality

QA
Performance
External KPIs
Internal PPMs

manufacturing

Mould Design
Tool Manufacture
Material Selection
Gas Injection Moulding


plant list






	Home | MCB Group Limited




































                        Talk to us
                    




                        Locate us
                    




                        Access ib
                    






        Share Price
    

        Rs 272.00
    

 



            28-Jul-2017 13:46
        

             -0.46 %
        










PersonalCorporateMCB GroupMCB GroupMediaCareersAbout usMCB Group at a glanceCorporate philosophyMission and VisionGovernanceManagementOur people Investor CentreFinancial InformationAnnual ReportShareholder InformationElectronic CommunicationSEM AnnouncementsDebt Investors & Capital InstrumentEvents & PresentationsCredit RatingsInvesting in usInvestor EnquiryEconomy & FinanceMarket UpdateMauritian Bond MarketsMCB FocusBanking and Economic IndicatorsForex cornerCommunityMCB Forward foundationInitiative 175Blue Penny MuseumFoundation ScholarshipRodrigues ScholarshipSponsoring
















 




 



Start your career at MCB
Are you thrilled by the possibility of joining the MCB ? Learn more about how to apply for a job with us.
more information


News26 Jul 2017Rony Busviah wins 29th scholarship by MCB Foundation17 Jul 2017MCB retains Euromoney’s best bank in Mauritius award29 Jun 2017Two Rodriguan students obtain scholarships from MCBFF13 Jun 2017Science Quest 2017 : And the winners are…12 Jun 2017MCB Capital Markets advises MaxCity Property Fund on its MUR 800 million structured bond issue02 Jun 2017Chess in Schools  : Game on !12 May 2017MCB Group profits reach Rs. 5.2 billion (+10.4%) 28 Apr 2017Mr.Alain Law Min appointed as CEO of MCB14 Mar 2017MCB Capital Markets advises SGG Group on the USD 90.3 million acquisition of Cim Global Business 14 Feb 2017First semester 2016-2017 results : MCB Group profits reach Rs 3.4 billion (+7.1%)see all news




Investors
Information intended for investors, shareholders, the media and anyone interested in our group and its performance..

 



Financial information
Shareholder information
Sign up for Email Alerts


More information


Publications


Initiative 175

Our commitment towards sustainable development
more information




Save the planet

Receive your shareholder documents in electronic format. It’s greener and smarter!
more information




Banking
Non-Banking Financial
Other Investments



MCB Limited
MCB Seychelles
MCB Madagascar
Société Générale Moçambique
MCB Maldives
Banque Française Commerciale Océan Indien


MCB Limited 
Incorporated in 1838, MCB Limited is the leading bank in Mauritius while being an increasingly prominent player in the region. Backed by modern and adapted channel capabilities, high quality service, an innovative culture and a sound business model, MCB Limited has, throughout its history, been true to its guiding principle of assisting in the advancement of individuals, corporates and the country at large, in the process playing a key role in the development of the Mauritian economy. Leveraging its extensive network of correspondent banks, MCB Limited has diversified its activities beyond local shores notably through participation in major cross-border deals and transactions and the promotion of its ‘Bank of Banks’ initiative.

Visit the website


MCB Seychelles
MCB is a leading bank in Seychelles, offering a comprehensive range of services to meet the needs of its valued customers. Our aspirations in Seychelles are derived from the inherent culture of the MCB Group to establish itself as a market leader.

Visit the website


MCB Madagascar
Present in Madagascar for over 20 years, MCB is dedicated to help make things happen for its customers through a range of tailored services.

Visit the website


Société Générale Moçambique
MCB has partnered with Société Générale to offer a growing range of solutions ready to be tailored to meet the specific requirements of customers based in Moçambique.

Visit the website


MCB Maldives
Our offices in Male serve as a local gateway to the full range of bespoke services and to the well-knit global network of the MCB Group, the leading banking and financial services provider in the region.

Visit the website


Banque Française Commerciale Océan Indien
A joint-venture with Société Générale, BFCOI has the bulk of its activities in Réunion Island where it is one of the largest banks. It also has operations in Mayotte and Paris (France).

Visit the website




MCB Capital Markets
MCB Equity Fund
MCB Factors
Credit Guarantee Insurance Co. Limited
MCB Microfinance Ltd 


MCB Capital Markets
MCB Capital Markets is a leading financial services provider in Mauritius. Its activities are focused in the investment sector, aiming to accompany clients through investments over a lifetime and building on its entrepreneurial culture to nurture strong and long lasting relationships with them. The company provides a wide range of investment-related services through dedicated teams, each one of which is focused on its specialty and on providing fast, efficient and flexible investment solutions.

Visit the website


MCB Equity Fund
MCB Equity Fund is a private equity fund which specializes in providing expansion and buy-out capital to small and medium sized established businesses across Eastern and Sub-Saharan Africa. The Fund is has a committed capital of USD 100 million and is domiciled in Mauritius. It is operated as an evergreen fund, and aims to have a diversified portfolio of investments in the sectors of agro-processing, light industrials and manufacturing, fast moving consumer goods, consumer services and healthcare.

Visit the website


MCB Factors
MCB Factors offers you instant cash against your credit invoices to meet your cash flow needs as well as a debt collection service when the invoices are due for payment. As an entrepreneur, this gives you the peace of mind and the freedom of time that you are looking for to increase the size of your business. MCB Factors also protects you against your debtors defaulting on their payments by offering you protection against debtor insolvency.

Visit the website


Credit Guarantee Insurance Co. Limited
CGI, a joint venture with La Prudence Holding, provides credit insurance services to its customers by ensuring protection in respect of their trade receivables.

Visit the website


MCB Microfinance Ltd
MCB Microfinance Ltd is a subsidiary dedicated to micro/small entrepreneurs and self-employed people. MCB Microfinance, a first in Mauritius’s financial landscape, will grant them unsecured loans ranging from Rs 20,000 to Rs 600,000 in order to help them grow their business activity.

Visit the website




Fincorp Investment Limited
MCB Properties Limited
International Card Processing Services Limited
MCB Forward Foundation
Blue Penny Museum
MCB Consulting Services Ltd


Fincorp Investment Limited
Quoted on the Stock Exchange of Mauritius, Fincorp has on its books the following main investments: Finlease (the leasing arm of MCB Group and a fully owned subsidiary), and Promotion and Development, another quoted company having diversified interests, including a majority stake in Caudan Development Lrd, a property company that owns and manages the waterfront real estate development in Port-Louis, and a holding of about 35% in Medine Ltd.


Visit Finlease website

Visit Promotion and Development website

Visit Caudan Development website


MCB Properties Limited
The company owns several properties, some of which house banking premises of MCB Limited.
						

International Card Processing Services Limited
ICPS has positioned itself as a card business enabler by offering an array of services designed to allow banks to outsource their card processing needs to achieve economies of scale and to provide their customers with the relevant card solutions in a most efficient and timely manner.

Visit the website


MCB Forward Foundation
The MCB Forward Foundation manages the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities of the Group. It aims to more efficiently serve the local communities amidst which the Group operates. Its vision is to be instrumental in the creation of sustainable value for the social, environmental and economic well-being of society through the provision of human, logistical and financial resources in support of dedicated initiatives.

Visit the website


Blue Penny Museum
The Blue Penny Museum is an art and history museum that is wholly devoted to Mauritius. It houses some prestigious collections, which are true testimony of the historical and cultural wealth and diversity of Mauritius, in a stunning layout. Its most precious exhibits are the world-renowned Post Office stamps – the firsts to be issued in Mauritius and a true collector’s item due to its rarity.

Visit the website


MCB Consulting Services Ltd
Whilst servicing the subsidiaries of the Group, MCB Consulting Services Ltd. shall provide integrated business solutions to clients from emerging markets in Africa and Asia comprising amongst others: (i) Project management, (ii) Change management including training , (iii) Advisory services, and (iv) High-end IT services.
More







Customer segmentsPrivate BankingMCB SelectPack 18.25Corporate BankingGlobal BusinessBusiness BankingBankingMCB Limited MCB SeychellesMCB MadagascarMCB MaldivesSG MoçambiqueBanque Française Commerciale Océan IndienNon-Banking FinancialMCB Capital MarketsMCB Equity FundMCB FactorsCredit Guarantee Insurance Co. LimitedMCB Microfinance LtdFincorp LtdOther InvestmentsMCB Consulting Services LtdInternational Card Processing Services LimitedBlue Penny Museum



        Find us on
    
 
 
 
 



©  2017 MCB -  MCB Group LimitedLegal NoticesSitemap















WASSP MULTIBEAM - SEE IT ALL | Home - Home



























Menu 


Log In 


Email Address

Password

Forgot your password?

 Remember me
			

 Login
				 
				 Cancel




Forgotten your password?
Fill in you email address below and click 'Submit'. You should receive your password in your email inbox.
Email address


 Submit
				 
				 Cancel






















WASSP Technology


The WASSP Difference


Multibeam Benefits


Sonar Transducer


Transducer Installations


WASSP Versions




For Fishing


Fishing


Specifications


Documents and Downloads


Addons and Partners


Optional Navigator Software


Navigational Software Partners


Sensors






Fishing-F3


Installations


User Stories


Demo Videos




For Workboats


Workboat


Specifications


Documents and Downloads


Addons and Partners


Optional Navigator Software Package


Navigational Software Partners


Sensors






Installations


User Stories




For Survey


Survey - S3


Survey - IHO 1A Validated


Specifications


Documents and Downloads


Addons and Partners


Optional Navigator Software


Navigational Software Partners


Sensors






Installations


User Stories




Support


Support


Manuals


Frequently Asked Questions


Video Tutorials


Request Support




Where to Buy


WASSP Partners




News & Events


News


Events




Contact


Contact Us



















Multibeam sonarFor Fishing








"WASSP lets me to go where I would never have fished before, giving me a higher value catch, with reduced fuel consumption"
DOMINIQUE FAOU, OWNER/SKIPPER, FV GWENVIDIK, FRANCE.
SEE WASSP FOR FISHING




Multibeam sonarFor Workboats






"Once you use WASSP there's no going back to a 'single-beam only' sonar system. I was blind and now I can see."
TREVOR BURKART, LOBSTER FISHERMAN, NEW ZEALAND
SEE WASSP FOR WORKBOATS




Multibeam sonarFor Hydrographic Survey






"The WASSP multibeam system has given us access to a first class shallow water survey tool that was once cost prohibitive."
ZANE THACKERAY, HYDROGRAPHIC SURVEYOR, DURBAN, SOUTH AFRICA
SEE WASSP FOR SURVEY




"WASSP is the most important technological advancement for commercial fishing since the introduction of radar, colour sounders and GPS."
GARY KERR, CRAY FISHERMAN, AUTHOR AND HISTORIAN.  AUSTRALIA














	With WASSP multibeam sonar you can do your job faster and more profitably



	There is nothing on the market like WASSP multibeam sonar. Only WASSP gives you the competitive edge of multibeam sonar – at a single beam price.

	WASSP multibeam sonar has vastly superior accuracy, wide 120° port-starboard scanning area and high-resolution real-time 3D mapping of the water column and seafloor.


Multibeam sonar for fishing

Multibeam sonar for workboats

Multibeam sonar for survey








	Latest News





WASSP Sounder Technology Receives a $15.0m R&D Growth Grant

				
	
		
			
				
			
				 
		
		
			
				 
			
				 
		
	

			


Announcing the WASSP F3L 

				
	 

	
		
			
				
			
				
					The F3L provides the solution for those customers requiring greater depth capability.
			
		
	


			

More Articles »



See WASSP in Action Videos







	Latest Events







August 15 -18, Norway

Since 1979, Aqua Nor has been an important international meeting place for the aquaculture industry, and it is today the world’s largest aquaculture technology exhibition. In recent years, the Aqua Nor exhibition has drawn about 20,000 visitors from up to 76 nations to its halls. All the latest innovations of importance are presented to the industry.

	WASSP Multibeam will be exhibited at the FURUNO Stand (Stand number F-520)

	FURUNO NORGE A/S - Ålesund

	Sjømannsvegen 19
	6008
	Ålesund
	Norway

P: +47 70 10 29 50
F: +47 70 10 29 51
E: furuno@furuno.no
W: www.furuno.no

« Back to Events Calendar

	 



More Events »





Find a WASSP Dealer Near You









 View videos on our YouTube channel









 