
Our History - Farrell Family Foundation                                                           Home      Apply for Funding      Previous Grant Recipients      Our History      Meet our Recipients      Gallery      Contact               Our History    



Dr. Peter C. Farrell, Founder and Chairman of ResMed, believes in giving back. For several years he has been a stalwart supporter of universities, primary and secondary education activities, as well as various arts and cultural organizations in the United States, Australia and elsewhere.
In 2001, Dr. Farrell decided to sharpen the focus of his giving objectives, and to include his off-spring in the process of philanthropy. "One of the more important gifts I could instill in my children is the knowledge that a true sense of satisfaction and fulfillment is achieved through giving back to the community. Giving is a responsibility, and should be done thoughtfully and carefully. We see our gift giving as an investment upon which we look for a return; a return that is a quantifiable improvement in society. In other words, we don't give based on needs; we invest in expected outcomes."
Thus in 2001, the Farrell Family Foundation was established. Serving on the board are Peter C. Farrell, Chairman; Kristi Burlingame, Executive Director, Treasurer and Secretary; and Dr. Farrell's children, Catherine A. Sertori, Paul A. Farrell, and Michael J. Farrell, Chief Executive Officer of ResMed.



      Dr Peter C Farrell    Michael Farrell, Cathy Sertori, Peter Farrell & Paul Farrell              Website built by The Web Showroom | Site Map | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  Unsubscribe     Farrell Family Foundation   PO Box 205, Kentfield, CA 94914 USA              
































































































About ResMed : The executive team | ResMed



















What are you looking for?
Search


Show me the way to...


ResMed home


Patients and families


Healthcare professionals


Commercial partners


Hospital specialists


Technology partners


Investors






Select your audience for tailored information




My Account






All countries & languages



















































 Patients & Families  >  
 About Us  >  
The executive team















The executive team




ResMed’s executive team is committed to the highest standards of ethics and professional integrity, translating to great partnerships with our customers, our suppliers, and with our global ResMed team. Our friendly, smart and dynamic executive team is dedicated to providing the right solutions with the right results, every time.  
Michael J. Farrell
Chief Executive Officer

Michael “Mick” Farrell is the CEO for ResMed and has held the role since March 2013. Prior to that appointment, Mr. Farrell served as President, Americas for ResMed from 2011 to 2013. He was previously senior vice president of the global business unit for sleep apnea therapeutic and diagnostic devices from 2007 to 2011, and before that he held various senior roles in marketing and business development at the company.
Before joining ResMed in 2000, Mr. Farrell worked in management consulting, biotechnology, chemicals, and metals manufacturing at Arthur D. Little, Genzyme Corporation (now part of Sanofi), The Dow Chemical Company, and BHP Billiton.
Mr. Farrell serves on the board of directors of Zimmer Biomet (NYSE: ZBH), a multi-billion dollar public company that provides implantable musculoskeletal medical devices for patients globally.  Mr. Farrell is a member of the Compensation and Management Development committee as well as the Research, Innovation and Technology committee at Zimmer Biomet.  Mr. Farrell serves on the ResMed board of directors as well as on the board of directors of the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), based in Washington, DC. Mr. Farrell volunteers as a trustee for two non-profit organizations, the La Jolla Playhouse and the Museum of Man, in his home town of San Diego, California.
Mr. Farrell holds a bachelor of engineering, with first-class honors, from the University of New South Wales, a master of science in chemical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and an M.B.A. from the MIT Sloan School of Management.  

 
Robert Douglas
President and Chief Operating Officer

Robert Douglas added president to his role of chief operating officer in March 2013 and, together with ResMed chief executive officer, Mick Farrell, holds full operational responsibility for ResMed and its subsidiaries. Mr. Douglas has served as chief operating officer since September 2011. His former roles with the company include chief operating officer of Asia Pacific and global supply chain from June 2008 through September 2011, responsible for the region’s commercial distribution and sales operations, as well as global manufacturing; Sydney chief operating officer from November 2005 through June 2008, responsible for the company’s manufacturing and research and development; vice president of operations from 2003 to 2005, responsible for the company’s manufacturing; and vice president of ResMed’s respiratory and cardiac business from 2002 to 2003.
Mr. Douglas first joined ResMed in 2001 as vice president of corporate marketing.
Mr. Douglas has a Master of Business Administration from Macquarie University, a Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering with first-class honors, and a Bachelor of Science in computer sciences from the University of New South Wales, Sydney.

 
Brett Sandercock
Chief Financial Officer

Brett Sandercock has been chief financial officer since January 2006. Previously, he served as vice president of Treasury and Finance from November 2004 until December 2005, and group accountant and controller from 1998 to November 2004.
Before joining ResMed, Mr. Sandercock he was manager of Financial Accounting and Group Reporting at Norton Abrasives, a division of the French multi-national, Saint Gobain, from March 1996 to August 1998. He also held finance and accounting roles from November 1994 to March 1996 at Health Care of Australia, a large private hospital operator. From 1989 to 1994, he worked at Pricewaterhouse Coopers in Sydney, specializing in audits of clients predominantly focused on distribution and manufacturing, financial services and technology.
Mr. Sandercock holds a Bachelor of Economics from Macquarie University and is a Certified Chartered Accountant.

 
David Pendarvis
Chief Administrative Officer, Global General Counsel, Interim President, EMEA and Japan

David Pendarvis was appointed interim President for EMEA and Japan in March 2017. He has served as both Chief Administrative Officer and Global General Counsel since May 2011. Mr. Pendarvis joined ResMed as global general counsel in September 2002, and has been corporate secretary since February 2003. From February 2005 to May 2011, he served as senior vice president of Organizational Development.
Before joining ResMed, Mr. Pendarvis was a partner in the law firm of Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich LLP from September 2000 until September 2002, where he specialized in intellectual property and general business litigation. From 1986 to 2000, he was a partner with Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP. From 1984 to 1986, he was a law clerk to the Hon. J. Lawrence Irving, U.S. District Judge, Southern District of California. He is also a director on the Board of Sequenom, Inc.
Mr. Pendarvis holds a Bachelor of Arts from Rice University; a Juris Doctor (J.D.), cum laude, from the University of Texas School of Law; and a Master of Science in Executive Leadership from the University of San Diego.

 
Greg Peake
President, Sleep Disordered Breathing and Consumer GBU

Greg Peake became president of ResMed’s Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Consumer Global Business Unit in December 2014. Previously, Mr. Peake was director of Global Product Marketing–Devices in the Sleep-Disordered Breathing Strategic Business Unit since August 2013, and director of Global Product Marketing–Patient Interfaces since February 2012.
Prior to that, Mr. Peake held several roles in product marketing, both in Sydney and San Diego, California, from 2009 to 2012. He joined ResMed in 2005, working as a design engineer in Research & Technology before joining the Global Marketing team in 2007. Prior to ResMed, Mr. Peake worked as a design engineer at Electrolux Home Products, Pty Ltd, and is identified as an inventor or co-inventor on numerous patents granted worldwide.
Mr. Peake holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree with honors in mechatronics and a Master of Science in industrial design from the University of New South Wales. 

 
Luke Maguire
President, Cardio-Respiratory Care GBU

Luke Maguire became president of ResMed’s Cardio–Respiratory Care Global Business Unit in December 2014. Previously, Mr. Maguire was senior director of Human Resources for ResMed’s Global Sleep-Disordered Breathing Strategic Business Unit from 2013 to 2014 and senior director of Healthcare Informatics from 2011 to 2013, based in ResMed’s San Diego headquarters. Prior to that appointment, he led several product management teams within the company, including the launch of the S9™ flow generator platform in 2009. Prior to joining ResMed in 2004, Mr. Maguire worked in various design and engineering roles in the automotive industry.
Mr. Maguire holds a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering and a Ph.D. in engineering from the University of New South Wales.

 
Raj Sodhi
President, Healthcare Informatics GBU

Raj Sodhi became president of ResMed’s Healthcare Informatics Global Business Unit in December 2014. He was previously vice president of the global Healthcare Informatics team, helping to build strength in this critical function for the company. Mr. Sodhi joined ResMed through the acquisition of Umbian Inc. in July 2012 where he was co-founder and president.
Prior to this, Mr. Sodhi worked in the financial services industry, designing, developing and managing software as a service (SaaS) solutions: He was senior vice president of Business Development and chief technology officer for Skipjack Financial Services from 2005 to 2009, and co-founder and chief technology officer of TransActive Ecommerce Solutions from 2000 to 2005.
Mr. Sodhi holds a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science in mathematics and statistics from Dalhousie University.

 
Jim Hollingshead
President, Americas

Jim Hollingshead was appointed president of ResMed’s Americas region in March 2013. He joined the company in March 2010 as vice president of strategy and business development. In August 2011, his role was expanded to include the leadership of ResMed ventures and initiatives, the unit within ResMed responsible for growing early-stage businesses.
Before joining ResMed, Mr. Hollingshead spent 18 years in strategy consulting, where he worked with senior executives across a wide range of industries. From September 2008 to February 2010, he was a senior partner in the strategy and life sciences practices at Deloitte Consulting, based in San Francisco. Before that, he was West Coast managing partner for Monitor Group, a leading global strategy consulting firm. While at Monitor Group, Mr. Hollingshead worked in various offices around the world and successfully launched and ran three different practices, including a London-based pan-European marketing strategy practice.
Mr. Hollingshead holds a Bachelor of Arts in history and international relations with Highest Distinction from Stanford University, and a master’s and Ph.D. in political science from the University of California at Berkeley, where he was awarded a graduate student Fellowship by the National Science Foundation.

 
Katrin Pucknat
Chief Executive Officer, ResMed Healthcare, Germany

Katrin Pucknat was appointed Chief Executive Officer of ResMed Healthcare, Germany during July 2016. ResMed Healthcare is a German homecare provider which services patients with sleep-disordered breathing, COPD and other chronic respiratory diseases.
Ms. Pucknat joined ResMed in 2010 and has served in a variety of senior roles. Immediately prior to her current role, Katrin served as vice president of business transformation and had responsibility within ResMed Healthcare for patient services, TPR, field offices and the consumer business. Prior to that role, she was the director of marketing for ResMed’s sleep-disordered breathing business in Europe.
Before joining ResMed, Ms. Pucknat held various senior executive global marketing roles in the United States and Europe.  She has almost 20 years of experience in the medical device segment, with particular focus on the functions of marketing, communications, business innovation and business development.
While gaining her broad experience based in the U.S. market, Ms. Pucknat earned a Bachelor of Business and Marketing degree from the University of Phoenix.  She is based at the headquarters of our ResMed Healthcare business in Munich, Germany.

 
Justin Leong
Senior Vice President, Asia Growth Markets

Justin Leong became senior vice president of ResMed's growth markets in Asia, including China and India, in May 2016. He was previously general manager of Greater China from 2015 to 2016, and vice president of Global Strategy from 2013 to 2016, based in Sydney.
Prior to joining ResMed, Mr. Leong was a director of the London-based investment firm HgCapital from 2006 to 2012. In this role, Mr. Leong was responsible for acquisitions and portfolio management, and he served on the board of directors of several European healthcare companies. From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Leong was a management consultant with Bain & Co. in Sydney, Boston and New York where he advised clients on growth strategies, operational improvement projects and mergers & acquisitions.
Mr. Leong holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Laws from the University of New South Wales, and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

 
Frank Lacagnina
Chief Information Officer

Frank Lacagnina joined ResMed in September 2010, and as a member of the CEO Ops team, he helps develop corporate strategy while leading a diverse and globally positioned information technology organization.
Over the past 30 years, Mr. Lacagnina has led IT organizations within semiconductor and medical device manufacturing, financial, government and health insurance businesses. Prior to ResMed he spent 14 years introducing innovative technical business solutions for Motorola's Semiconductor Product Sector (SPS) and at the Motorola spin-off company ON Semiconductor. He also was the CIO for a sovereign Indian nation in Scottsdale, Arizona, developing people and leveraging the latest technologies to drive significant advancement and modernization for the community, including public safety, justice administration, patient management and other critical services and systems.
Mr. Lacagnina specializes in the leadership of global IT organizations, with a focus on turnaround, digitalization and efficiency. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Arizona, majoring in Management of Information Systems. He also earned an Associate of Applied Sciences degree in computer programming/analysis from Pima Community College in Tucson, Arizona. He has completed further studies in leadership and management from the Thunderbird International School of Business and the W.P. Cary Business College at Arizona State University.

 
Richie McHale
Chief Human Resources Officer

Richie McHale was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer in November 2013 and is responsible for linking ResMed’s employee and corporate strategies. Mr. McHale has 25 years’ experience in the life sciences sector, working primarily in commercial roles in pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology industries. Previously, he served as managing director of ResMed’s UK business team, leading strong growth in the region.
Prior to joining ResMed in 2011, Mr. McHale was managing director of UCB Pharma for UK and Ireland. He also served as chair of the European Medicines Group and a member of the Board of Management for the Association of British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABPI).
Mr. McHale earned a Master’s degree in coaching psychology and is affiliated with the British Psychological Society and the Metanoia Institute in London. 

 
Dr. Carlos M. Nunez, M.D.
Chief Medical Officer

Dr. Carlos Nunez M.D. was appointed Chief Medical Officer in January 2017. Prior to joining ResMed, Dr. Nunez was senior vice president of medical affairs at Becton, Dickinson and Company and led the office of science, medicine and technology for its largest division. Before that, Dr. Nunez was chief medical officer at CareFusion, where he built and led a global team which provided medical oversight for all businesses and functions of the company.
From 2000 to 2011, he was the Chief Physician Executive at Picis, Inc., an industry-leading medical informatics company, which became part of the Optum division of UnitedHealth Group. At Picis/Optum, Carlos provided medical leadership as well as clinical direction for corporate strategy, marketing, product development, sales, implementation and customer relations for global markets.
Dr. Nunez received his Medical Doctor (M.D.) degree from the University of Miami School of Medicine, where he also completed his postgraduate training in anaesthesiology, critical care medicine and clinical research.
Before beginning his career in the MedTech industry, Carlos was a practicing anaesthesiologist; intensivist and hospitalist; director of critical care research, informatics and analytics; and the Duke University educational affiliation at Carolinas Medical Center Northeast.

 
Andrew Price
President, Innovation & Operations

Andrew Price was appointed President of ResMed's Innovation and Operations in March 2016. Previously Mr. Price was Senior Vice President, Global Manufacturing and Logistics. Prior to this he was Vice President of Marketing for Asia Pacific and Vice President of Product Development and Marketing in the company’s Sleep Disordered Breathing business unit.
In nearly 17 years with ResMed, Mr. Price has held a broad variety of global and Asia Pacific-focused leadership roles with responsibilities spanning Manufacturing and Operations, Strategic Marketing, Project Management, Product Management and Research & Development.
He joined ResMed in Sydney as a Design Engineer in 1999 and holds a number of patents granted worldwide. Prior to ResMed, Mr. Price held product development roles at home appliances manufacturer, Sunbeam, and Aristocrat Leisure Industries, one of the world’s leading providers of gaming solutions.
Mr. Price graduated from the Advanced Management Program (AMP) at INSEAD International Business School, Singapore, in 2013. He holds a bachelor’s degree, with honors, in Industrial Design from the University of Technology, Sydney, and is a Lean Six Sigma Green Belt.

 
Hemanth Reddy
Chief Strategy Officer

In his role as ResMed’s Chief Strategy Officer, Hemanth has responsibility for the company’s corporate strategy and corporate development functions globally. He also serves as a member of the CEO Ops Team. Prior to joining ResMed in September 2013, Hemanth was strategy consultant for 14 years, with a focus on growth strategies across consumer products, high tech, biotech and other industries. He advised on a range of issues including corporate strategy, business unit strategy, portfolio strategy, and inorganic growth strategy.
He was most recently a Principal with Monitor Deloitte, Deloitte Consulting’s Strategy practice, and co-led their San Francisco office. Prior to Deloitte, Hemanth was a Partner with Monitor Group where he co-led Corporate Finance activities in North America and shared leadership responsibility for Monitor’s M&A advisory practice. Prior to Monitor Group, Hemanth was an investment banker with Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette in New York, where he advised clients in structuring and executing debt and equity offerings, as well as private equity transactions.
He holds an MBA in Finance, Strategy and Marketing from the Kellogg School of Management and a BS in Computer Science from Cornell University’s College of Engineering. 










Share this article


























































Subscribe









Be the first to know!




Get updates when new products come out, blog posts become available and more!



 
 

ResMed may use information you provide to market, advertise products to you. By checking this box, you consent to this use by ResMed, and its terms of use and privacy policy. If you are entering this information on behalf of another individual, you represent that you are legally authorized to provide consent on behalf of that individual.

 










Don't show me again





































Kirkland & Ellis LLP > Farrell, Peter A.


















































The search term(s) you entered did not locate any results. 
Click here to try again or resume browsing.



































LAWYER SEARCH


 Peter A. Farrell - Partner






















Peter A. Farrell
peter.farrell@kirkland.com
Download V-Card
					Washington, D.C.
							Phone: +1 202-879-5959
							Fax:  +1 202-879-5200



Litigation
Commercial Litigation
First Amendment & Defamation
Product Liability & Mass Tort Litigation
Gov’t & Internal Investigations
Class Action, Mass Tort & Toxic Tort Litigation
Environmental Litigation



2006, Maryland
2007, District of Columbia




The George Washington University Law School, J.D., 2006 with Highest HonorsOrder of the Coif
Managing Editor, The George Washington Law Review
Winning Team, Van Vleck Constitutional Law Moot Court Competition

Dean's Fellow
Ithaca College, B.M., 2000 magna cum laude







 


Professional Profile
Peter Farrell is a partner in the Firm's Washington, D.C. office, where his practice includes litigation matters before federal and state courts across the country. He has represented clients at all stages of civil and criminal litigation, including complex commercial disputes, civil RICO litigation, product liability matters, civil and criminal environmental litigation, defamation matters, civil and criminal False Claims Act litigation, criminal antitrust matters, and matters related to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. He also maintains an active pro bono practice.

Representative Matters
Peter has represented clients such as BASF, Siemens, Hitachi, ConocoPhillips, BP, and Boeing in a wide variety of significant matters, including:


Product liability matters


Toxic tort and environmental matters


Commercial and RICO matters


Class action matters


Defamation and reputational matters


Fraud and false claims matters



Other Distinctions
Recognized in The Legal 500 U.S. for Product Liability and Mass Tort Defense: Toxic Tort, 2015
Kirkland & Ellis LLP Pro Bono Service Award, 2009-2014

Publications
L. Urgenson and P. Farrell, Prosecution of Subprime-Mortgage Fraud: Will Congress Pay for It?, 16 Bus. Crimes Bull. 1 (Sept. 2008)

Courts
United States District Court for the District of Maryland
United States District Court for the District of Columbia
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit








U.S.
Boston
Chicago
Houston
Los Angeles
New York
Palo Alto
San Francisco
Washington, D.C.


Europe
London
Munich


Asia
Beijing
Hong Kong
Shanghai







Attorney Advertising
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Safe Harbor Privacy Policy


Contact Us
Sitemap
Client Extranet Login
Employee Remote Login

LARGER TEXT



	&copy 2017 Kirkland & Ellis LLP









ResMed - Wikipedia






















 






ResMed

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (June 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's notability guidelines for companies and organizations. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "ResMed" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (June 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ResMed





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: RMD
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Medical


Founded
1989


Founder
Peter C. Farrell
(Founder and Chairman)


Headquarters
San Diego, California



Key people

Michael "Mick" Farrell
(CEO)
Robert Douglas
(President and COO)


Products
Medical equipment for sleep-disordered breathing and other respiratory disorders


Website
www.resmed.com


ResMed is a global manufacturer of CPAP masks, machines and other products that diagnose, treat or help manage sleep-disordered breathing (particularly sleep apnea), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or other respiratory conditions. For the general public, the company offers a non-contact sleep monitor, the S+ by ResMed, currently available in the US.
ResMed employs about 5,000 employees worldwide, operates in 100 countries and has manufacturing facilities in Australia, France, Singapore and the US. It achieved revenues of $1.7 billion USD in fiscal year 2014–15.[1]
As part of its mission, ResMed seeks to spread awareness of the prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) and its major manifestation, obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), since more than 80% of cases are believed to be undiagnosed.[2] More than 70% of people with obesity,[3] heart failure,[4] type 2 diabetes,[5] and drug-resistant hypertension[6] have some form of sleep-disordered breathing.
History[edit]
In 1980, Professor Colin Sullivan invented the first continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) machine, regarded today as the “gold standard” in sleep apnea treatment. ResMed launched in 1989 when founder Peter Farrell sought to expand the general public’s access to CPAP treatment. The company was founded in Australia in 1989, but relocated to San Diego in 1990.[7] In addition to CPAP machines and masks, the company has since grown to produce CPAP humidifiers, heated tubes and other accessories, as well as diagnostic tools, hospital CPAP machines and life support ventilators. It has also expanded into healthcare informatics, with software solutions that enable patients and medical professionals to wirelessly monitor sleep data.
See also[edit]

Sleep related breathing disorders

References[edit]



^ Corporate Factsheet (PDF)
^ Young T et al. Estimation of the clinically diagnosed proportion of sleep apnea syndrome in middle-aged men and women. Sleep 1997;20(9):705–6.
^ O’Keeffe T and Patterson EJ. Evidence supporting routine polysomnography before bariatric surgery. Obes Surg 2004;14(1):23–6.
^ Oldenburg O et al. Sleep-disordered breathing in patients with symptomatic heart failure: A contemporary study of prevalence in and characteristics of 700 patients. Eur J Heart Fail 2007;9(3):251–7.
^ Einhorn D et al. Prevalence of sleep apnea in a population of adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Endocr Pract 2007;13(4):355–62.
^ Logan AG et al. High prevalence of unrecognized sleep apnoea in drug-resistant hypertension. J Hypertens 2001;19(12):2271–7.
^ "Founder of ResMed to Step Down as CEO; Mick Farrell to Take Top Post", San Diego Business Journal, 20 Feb 2013







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=ResMed&oldid=780278658"					
Categories: Companies based in San DiegoCompanies established in 1989Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from June 2015All articles needing additional referencesArticles with topics of unclear notability from June 2015All articles with topics of unclear notability 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Bahasa Indonesia 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 May 2017, at 01:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






   Peter Farrell | ResMed Inc | ZoomInfo.com











Peter C. Farrell Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.
Chairman of the Board at ResMed Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Peter C. Farrell Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
ResMed Inc.


Board Member, 
NuVasive, Inc.


Past
To view Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															Massachusetts Institute of Technology


														 M.S., 
															Massachusetts Institute of Technology


														 Ph.D., 
															Harvard University


Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Age
74

 
 


Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s Biography



Peter C. Farrell, Ph.D., AM, has served as a member of our Board since January 2005. Dr. Farrell is founding Chairman of ResMed Inc., a leading developer and manufacturer of medical equipment for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep-disordered breathing. Dr. Farrell has been a Director and Chairman of the Board of Resmed (which is publicly-traded) since its inception in June 1989. He served as Chief Executive Officer of ResMed from 1990 to 2007 and again from February 2011 until March 2013. From March 2013 through December 2013, Dr. Farrell served as Executive Chairman of ResMed, and, in January 2014, he became non-executive Chairman. Dr. Far ...
(Read More)

			Peter C. Farrell, Ph.D., AM, has served as a member of our Board since January 2005. Dr. Farrell is founding Chairman of ResMed Inc., a leading developer and manufacturer of medical equipment for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep-disordered breathing. Dr. Farrell has been a Director and Chairman of the Board of Resmed (which is publicly-traded) since its inception in June 1989. He served as Chief Executive Officer of ResMed from 1990 to 2007 and again from February 2011 until March 2013. From March 2013 through December 2013, Dr. Farrell served as Executive Chairman of ResMed, and, in January 2014, he became non-executive Chairman. Dr. Farrell also serves as the Chairman of the Board of WaveGuide Corp. and on the board of directors of ProtoStar, Inc. and Mikroscan Technologies, Inc. In addition, Dr. Farrell is a member of the National Academy of Engineering. Dr. Farrell holds bachelor's and master's degrees in chemical engineering from the University of Sydney and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Ph.D. in bioengineering from the University of Washington, Seattle and a Doctor of Science from the University of New South Wales for research related to dialysis and renal medicine. Dr. Farrell's broad management experience and responsibilities, through his experience as a founding executive of ResMed, provide relevant experience to our Board in a number of strategic and operational areas.
		
Source: NuVasive, Inc. on 09/26/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Peter C. Farrell Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.


















Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s Connections (152)





Sign up now to view Peter C. Farrell Ph.D.'s 152 connections »









James C. Blair
Former Board Member, Clovis Oncology, Inc.









Ronald A. Matricaria
Former Chairman of the Board, St. Jude Medical, Inc.









Lesley H. Howe
Board Member, NuVasive, Inc.









Robert F. Friel
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, PerkinElmer, Inc.









Richard Sulpizio
Board Member, ResMed Inc.









Joseph S. Lacob
Board Member, Align Technology, Inc.









Gregory T. Lucier
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, NuVasive, Inc.









Kieran T. Gallahue
Board Member, Edwards Lifesciences Corporation









Paul E. Jacobs
Executive Chairman, Qualcomm









Jason M. Hannon
President and Chief Operating Officer, NuVasive, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993























		
		
		  The Insider, Farrell Peter C Sold 20,000 Shares of ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD)
		
		
		
		
 

 













































Trending
Business
Market
Stock
Contact
Privacy Policy






The Insider, Farrell Peter C Sold 20,000 Shares of ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD)


					

						July 10, 2017 - By Linda Rogers









Farrell Peter C Insider Buy
 Deal totalling roughly $1,530,064 US Dollars was revealed online in a legal document submitted to the Security Exchange Commission on 06/07/2017. According to which, Farrell Peter C, an insider in Resmed Inc had sold precisely 20,000 shares – ( at $76.5 for each share ). The regulatory filing shows that Farrell Peter C now possess roughly 0.21 % of the California-based company’s total market cap
ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) Ratings Coverage
Among 13 analysts covering ResMed Inc (NYSE:RMD), 4 have Buy rating, 3 Sell and 6 Hold. Therefore 31% are positive. ResMed Inc has $66 highest and $52 lowest target. $59.71’s average target is -22.27% below currents $76.82 stock price. ResMed Inc had 24 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The company was upgraded on Thursday, April 28 by Macquarie Research. Goldman Sachs upgraded ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) on Friday, September 25 to “Buy” rating. The firm earned “Overweight” rating on Tuesday, January 24 by JP Morgan. Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to “Overweight” rating in Monday, August 3 report. On Tuesday, January 24 the stock rating was maintained by Canaccord Genuity with “Hold”. The rating was initiated by JP Morgan on Tuesday, October 4 with “Neutral”. BMO Capital Markets maintained ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) rating on Friday, June 16. BMO Capital Markets has “Hold” rating and $6100 target. The company was downgraded on Thursday, December 17 by Needham. The rating was downgraded by Piper Jaffray to “Neutral” on Wednesday, April 27. The firm has “Sell” rating given on Friday, June 2 by Jefferies.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.99 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.10, from 1.09 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 39 investors sold ResMed Inc. shares while 117 reduced holdings. 35 funds opened positions while 120 raised stakes. 85.86 million shares or 1.89% less from 87.52 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported.
 65,251 were reported by Pictet Asset Mgmt Limited. Papp L Roy & Assocs, Arizona-based fund reported 9,694 shares. The Delaware-based Westover Capital has invested 0.29% in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD). Goldman Sachs Grp has invested 0.02% in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD). Azimuth Cap Mgmt Ltd Com reported 132,925 shares. Winfield Assocs owns 5 shares. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund has 0.09% invested in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) for 66,628 shares. Rhumbline Advisers holds 359,720 shares or 0.06% of its portfolio. Ubs Asset Americas holds 0.03% or 372,441 shares. State Of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D has invested 0.01% in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD). Ibm Retirement Fund has 0.03% invested in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD). Blackrock Inv Ltd Liability Corp invested 0.04% of its portfolio in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD). United Automobile Association holds 0% of its portfolio in ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) for 4,437 shares. Strs Ohio accumulated 19,673 shares. 39,056 were reported by Fjarde Ap.
Since January 17, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 18 selling transactions for $13.75 million activity. Shares for $427,473 were sold by PENDARVIS DAVID on Friday, February 3. 1,250 shares were sold by Sandercock Brett, worth $90,600. 20,000 ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) shares with value of $1.37 million were sold by FARRELL PETER C. Hollingshead James sold 7,084 shares worth $456,493. ROBERTS CHRISTOPHER G sold $719,100 worth of ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) on Monday, February 20. PACE GARY W sold 24,390 shares worth $1.85 million.
The stock increased 1.03% or $0.78 on July 7, reaching $76.82. About shares traded. ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) has risen 20.34% since July 10, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 3.64% the S&P500.
ResMed Inc. is a holding company. The Company is engaged in the development, manufacturing, distribution and marketing of medical devices and cloud software applications that diagnose, treat and manage respiratory disorders, including sleep disordered breathing , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), neuromuscular disease and other diseases. The company has market cap of $11.01 billion. SDB includes obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and other respiratory disorders that occur during sleep. It has a 32.74 P/E ratio. The Company’s cloud software digital health applications, along with its devices, are designed to provide connected care to improve patient outcomes.
 Analysts expect ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) to report $0.75 EPS on July, 27.They anticipate $0.01 EPS change or 1.35 % from last quarter’s $0.74 EPS. RMD’s profit would be $107.49 million giving it 25.61 P/E if the $0.75 EPS is correct. After having $0.71 EPS previously, ResMed Inc.’s analysts see 5.63 % EPS growth. 
More recent ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD) news were published by: Nasdaq.com which released: “ResMed Sees Potential in SDB Market, Eyes Global Growth” on July 07, 2017. Also Fool.com.Au published the news titled: “Why the ResMed Inc (CHESS) share price is at another record high” on June 20, 2017. Zacks.com‘s news article titled: “ResMed (RMD) at 52-Week High: What’s Driving the Stock?” with publication date: June 20, 2017 was also an interesting one.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Analysts See $1.14 EPS for Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP)


EPS for Main Street Capital Corporation (MAIN) Expected At $0.53


Analysts See $-0.14 EPS for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK)


Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (LXRX) EPS Estimated At $-0.45


LTC Properties Inc (LTC) EPS Estimated At $0.79


Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) Analysts See $-0.25 EPS


Analysts See $0.68 EPS for Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE)


El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Analysts See $0.20 EPS


EPS for Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Expected At $0.24


Alliant Energy Corporation (LNT) EPS Estimated At $0.40























            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle























Peter C. Farrell, PhD

































Skip to main content






Top 12 Topics


Glioblastoma


Bruising


Pinkeye


Depression


Breast Cancer


Erectile Dysfunction Causes


Psoriatic Arthritis


What Is Hepatitis C?


Foods for Your Brain


Adult ADHD Symptoms


Type 2 Diabetes


ADHD Medications









WebMD Home








Peter C. Farrell, PhD






Peter C. Farrell, PhD, is founder, chairman, and CEO of ResMed (previously
ResCare). He is the former vice president for research and development for
Baxter Healthcare and foundation director of the University of New South Wales'
Centre for Biomedical Engineering, where he remains a visiting professor.
Farrell has over 20 years consulting and executive experience in the medical
device industry. He is a fellow of several professional organizations including
the Australian Institutes of Management and Company Directors. Farrell was also
a member of the board and audit committee of F. H. Faulding & Co., Ltd.,
Australia's largest international health care company until 1996 when he
resigned to relocate to the United States.
Farrell is the recipient of the 1994 National Professional Engineer of the
Year award from the Institution of Engineers. He is a graduate of the
University of Sydney, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University
of Washington, and the University of New South Wales.







Today on WebMD





Risky Mistakes Pet Owners Make
Some of these might surprise you.










Depressed, Guilty Feelings After Eating?
Symptoms of binge eating disorder.





Psoriasis Home Remedies
14 tips to ditch the itch.





Quit Smoking
Get your personalized plan.










Health Solutions


Knee Pain Management


Bent Fingers?


Cancer Treatments


Online Hearing Test


Managing Diabetes


Expert Orthopedic Care


Cancer Support


Treat Pet Anxiety


Advanced Breast Cancer


Care for Valve Disease?


Pet Food Facts


Hearing Loss Help


Ringing in the Ears


Find Infant Formula


Aortic Valve Stenosis



More from WebMD


The Stress of Caregiving


Healthy Cat Tips


Immunotherapy for Cancer


What Is CIDP?


Multiple Myeloma


8 Ways to Avoid Heart Attack


Treatments for Cancer


Living Better With Migraine


Foods That Cause Acid Reflux


Tips for Your Dog's Health


Diabetes Assessment


Avoid Allergy Triggers


Treating Advanced Prostate Cancer


5 Things That Spike Your Blood Sugar






   Cancer Treatment & Nutrition 11 Tips to Control Diabetes







