

Transcript: Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus on the state of Apple’s pro Macs  |  TechCrunch





























































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFGet your Early Bird discount on Disrupt SF tickets before they expire								
																			Get Your Tickets Now																												
















Gadgets







Optoma’s UHD60 projector delivers great, affordable 4K performance














The ORII smart ring lets you control your smartphone using only your voice














Petcube Bites treat camera lets you monitor and reward your pet from afar













Browse more...








Apple







Apple adds Disney and Pixar characters to Clips














Qualcomm has some trouble on its hands














Tech’s 5 biggest players now worth $3 trillion













Browse more...








John Ternus





imac







As the Surface line courts creatives, Apple pushes back with the iMac and iPad Pro














Crunch Report | Everything WWDC 2017














Apple’s MacBook and MacBook Pro get routine processor and SSD boost













Browse more...








Craig Federighi







Deleting Apple’s pre-installed apps in iOS 10 doesn’t actually ‘delete’ them














What Apple’s differential privacy means for your data and the future of machine learning














Apple head of software engineering says FBI’s demands compromise the safety of all iOS users













Browse more...









Transcript: Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus on the state of Apple’s pro Macs

	Posted Apr 6, 2017 by Matthew Panzarino (@panzer), Romain Dillet (@romaindillet)




0
SHARES
















































Next Story

A first-time wearables user reviews the Fitbit Alta HR














			Advertisement		



 




Apple invited a handful of journalists to Cupertino to talk about the future of the Mac platform. The Mac Pro is receiving a minor update this week, but the most significant updates are coming later this year, or even later.
You have already read the news. But we thought we would also use this opportunity to share a transcript of the interview with Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing; Craig Federighi, Senior Vice President of Software Engineering; John Ternus, Vice President of Hardware Engineering. Bill Evans from Apple PR was also in attendance. It was lightly edited for length and clarity and does not include some small asides and comments made off the record.
Transcription: Anthony Ha, Brian Heater, Greg Kumparak

Phil Schiller: We’re here to talk about the Mac. The Mac is doing really well. We’re really proud of how things are going. We’ve been, in general over the last decade, growing faster than the PC industry. Last year we had a little bit of a setback, and then this year, back to growth again, [and] growing faster than the industry. It’s something we plan to keep on doing for a very long time.
Some numbers that are pretty powerful — or meaningful to us, anyway: the Mac user base is approaching 100 million users. A lot of customers! It’s nearing a $25 billion of annual run rate. And based on that, it is close to being a Fortune 100 company all by itself. As a business, the number of users is super important to us. It always has been, always will be.
This is an unusual thing to get together like this [laughter]. This is in-between a product announcement, there’s no black cloth that’s going to come off of something right now. That’s not why we’re here. While those moments are really fun, we thought it deserved a moment to talk about the Mac, and particularly, the Mac for our pro users.
We’ll talk about what’s going on and frankly, be a little more transparent with some of the things we’re doing, some of the places we’re going, because our pro users desire that and we care deeply about them and we’re dedicated to communicating well with them and helping them understand what we’re doing and what we’re up to. We want to be as transparent as we can, for our pro users, and help them as they make their buying decisions. They invest so much in the Mac, we want to support them, and we care deeply about them. So that’s why we’re here.
We’ve certainly been getting feedback from a specific group of users in particular, desktop Mac Pro users. We’ve been listening to that. We’ve been talking to them! We’ve actually been going out, meeting with a lot of pro customers to understand how they use our products, what their workflow is like, things they might need. So we certainly understand a lot about them; there’s always more to learn but we understand a lot about them.
We’ve been thinking deeply about what we should be doing and how we should be doing that, and that’s a little bit of what we want to communicate today.
One of the interesting things through all this has been the feedback on MacOS. It’s been so positive. It is in general, across our Mac user base — but specifically amongst our pro customers, the feedback on MacOS has been off the charts. They love the Mac, they love MacOS, they love it as a pro workflow, they love it as a pro app environment. There certainly always is feedback on what we could do better. But in general, the love for MacOS is incredibly strong. And that’s a great thing to hear.
We want to reiterate that quite a while ago, a great matrix was drawn on the wall, with four quadrants in it [this product matrix]. A very brilliant, clear view of what we should do. We want to make sure everyone understands that not only do we continue to believe in the Mac, but we believe in that product quadrant strategy.
We believe in filling every one of those boxes with great products, the best products available, for every one of those segments — so to the extent that anyone doubts whether we believe in that view anymore, they shouldn’t. We continue to believe in that, and we want to excel in every one of those quadrants.
Craig Federighi: Do you want to touch a little bit on how the pro audience has sort of redistributed themselves around that quadrant? It’s sort of shifted over the years…
Phil Schiller: Yeah, yeah. First of all, when we talk about pro customers, it’s important to be clear that there isn’t one prototypical pro customer. Pro is such a broad term, and it covers many many categories of customers. And we care about all of these categories, and there’s a variety of different products those customers want.
There’s music creators, there’s video editors, there’s graphic designers — a really great segment with the Mac. There’s scientists, engineers, architects, software programmers — increasingly growing, particularly our App development in the app store. So there are many, many things and people called pros, pro workflows, so we should be careful not to over simplify and say ‘pros want this’ or ‘don’t want that’; it’s much more complex than that.
As we look over our business on the Mac, a couple things that are really fascinating: we’ve certainly said for a long time that Apple’s a mobile company. It’s mobile because of iPhone, mobile because of iPad. But the Mac is predominantly a mobile business as well. Just to update the latest with 80/20 [percent] notebooks to desktop [sales], if anyone’s interested in that.
As we see the Mac business rebound, a lot of the strength of that is in the mobile products. In fact our brand new MacBook Pro is in Q1, was about 20 percent growth year over year from the previous year. So again, our notebooks are doing really, really well.
So as we look at the Mac, at the pro customers, there’s so many definitions of them. One of the things we looked at was the mix of products they use from us, and the mix of applications they use and how do you kind of get a handle on who’s a pro, who isn’t.
If you look at it from an application perspective, what we find is that about 15 percent of our Mac customers use what you’d categorize as a professional application on a weekly or even multiple-times-a-week basis. That’s a kind of customer you could look at and say there’s someone who’s job probably relies on the work they do – using pro apps multiple times a week. That’s a pretty large percent — 15 percent.
And then if you look at a little broader view, customers who use pro applications less frequently than once a week, that’s almost 30 percent of our customer base. Across all of that, as we’ve said, we’re a more mobile than desktop company; of the people who use pro apps, and define themselves as pros, our largest product used by those customers are notebooks. Notebooks are by far and away our most popular systems used by pros.
Second on the list is iMacs — used by pros, again by the people who use professional software day in, day out, not just casually.
Third on the list is Mac Pro. Now, Mac Pro is actually a small percentage of our CPUs — just a single digit percent. However, we don’t look at it that way.
The way we look at it is that there is an ecosystem here that is related. So there might be a single digit percentage of pros who use a Mac Pro; there’s that 15 percent base that use Pro software frequently, and 30 percent who use it casually, and that these are related. These are not distinct little silos. There’s a connection between all of this.
John Gruber (Daring Fireball): I just want to make sure I understand the stat right. Is it single digit percentage of pros who use Mac Pros or of all Macs?
Phil Schiller: Of all Macs… are Mac Pros.
Presumably the predominant use of that is by pros; there may be some that aren’t.
So we see the largest use of portables, then iMac, then Mac Pro. But we don’t think it’s a scenario where… this segment isn’t important to these other segments. These things are related.
And the fact that pro software can touch 30 percent of the polled Mac customer base is significant and important in the fact that it’s related to the 15 percent that use it frequently, and the [single digit] percent that use Mac Pros, we do think there’s a connection here and an importance to all of that.
Obviously, as you know, we just did a very major update to the MacBook Pro line. That’s going very well. Customers absolutely love it, we’ve had a lot of customers buying them. Big numbers, as I said, 20 percent growth year over year. We’re very proud of those products; we know there’s feedback on things that can be done better on them. There’s things that we want to do better on them. We know they matter to our pro customers, and we have every intention to advance that Mac Book Pro line in the years ahead and make it better and better for our core customers, but we think we’re off to a good start there.
Next up: we have plans on iMac, to move that line ahead, and do great things on iMac. It’s core to our Mac business and our customers, including making configurations of iMac specifically with the pro customer in mind and acknowledging that our most popular desktop with pros is an iMac. We want to do things with the iMac in the future to help address those pro needs, and make it… not only continue, but more of a capable machine for pro customers.
Craig Federighi: That is a pretty incredible evolution that we’ve seen over the last decade. The original iMac, you never would’ve thought as remotely touching pro uses. And now you look at today’s 5k iMac, top configs, it’s incredibly powerful, and a huge fraction of what would’ve traditionally required the Mac Pros of old and are being well addressed by iMac — whether its audio editing, video editing, graphics, arts and so forth. But there’s still even further we can take iMac as a high performance, pro system, and we think that form factor can address even more of the pro market.
Phil Schiller: With regards to the Mac Pro, we are in the process of what we call ‘completely rethinking the Mac Pro.’ We’re working on it. We have a team working hard on it right now, and we want to architect it so that we can keep it fresh with regular improvements, and we’re committed to making it our highest-end, high throughput desktop system, designed for our demanding pro customers.
With regards to the Mac Pro, we are in the process of what we call ‘completely rethinking the Mac Pro.’— Phil Schiller
As part of doing a new Mac Pro — it is, by definition, a modular system — we will be doing a pro display as well. Now you won’t see any of those products this year; we’re in the process of that. We think it’s really important to create something great for our pro customers who want a Mac Pro modular system, and that’ll take longer than this year to do.
In the interim, we know there are a number of customers who continue to buy our current Mac Pro. To be clear, our current Mac Pro has met the needs of some of our customers, and we know clearly not all of our customers. None of this is black and white, it’s a wide variety of customers. For some, it’s the kind of system they wanted; for others, it was not.
In the meantime, we’re going to update the configs to make it faster and better for their dollar. This is not a new model, not a new design, we’re just going to update the configs. We’re doing that this week. We can give you the specifics on that.
The CPUs, we’re moving them down the line. The GPUs, down the line, to get more performance per dollar for customers who do need to continue to buy them on the interim until we get to a newly architected system.
Craig Federighi: I think it’s fair to say, part of why we’re talking today, is that the Mac Pro — the current vintage that we introduced — we wanted to do something bold and different. In retrospect, it didn’t well suit some of the people we were trying to reach. It’s good for some; it’s an amazingly quiet machine, it’s a beautiful machine. But it does not address the full range of customers we wanna reach with Mac Pro.
We wanted to do something bold and different. In retrospect, it didn’t well suit some of the people we were trying to reach— Craig Federighi
Maybe John [Ternus] can talk briefly about some of the elements that led us there and what the implications are… but we have work to do to build a machine now that we know the full breadth of our pro market needs.
John Ternus: I think one of the foundations of that system was the dual GPU architecture. And for certain workflows, certain classes of pro customers, that’s a great solution. But, to Phil’s point, ‘Pro’ is so broad that it doesn’t necessarily fit all the needs of all the pros.
The way the system is architected, it just doesn’t lend itself to significant reconfiguration for somebody who might want a different combination of GPUs. That’s when we realized we had to take a step back and completely re-architect what we’re doing and build something that enables us to do these quick, regular updates and keep it current and keep it state of the art, and also allow a little more in terms of adaptability to the different needs of the different pro customers.
Lance Ulanoff (Mashable): I’m just curious, at what point did you realize that? I remember the big launch, and seeing it, and I remember similar words: ‘This is something completely new and different, we’re really redoing this!’ and we were all thinking: ‘Wow, this is hot.’ We were all excited about the exterior in particular.
But at what moment in the product cycle did you think: ‘Oh… This is maybe not the end all, be all.’ Did that happen six months ago? Where did you get the telemetry that told you that?
Craig Federighi: I’d say longer than six months ago. But I think we designed ourselves into a bit of a thermal corner, if you will. We designed a system that we thought with the kind of GPUs that at the time we thought we needed, and that we thought we could well serve with a two GPU architecture… that that was the thermal limit we needed, or the thermal capacity we needed. But workloads didn’t materialize to fit that as broadly as we hoped.
Being able to put larger single GPUs required a different system architecture and more thermal capacity than that system was designed to accommodate. So it became fairly difficult to adjust. At the same time, so many of our customers were moving to iMac that we saw a path to address many, many more of those that were finding themselves limited by Mac Pro through a next generation iMac. And really put a lot of our energy behind that.
In retrospect, that was… While that system is going to be fantastic for a huge number of customers, we want to do more.
We did not fully come to terms with our need to do more until later than we’d like, with the implication that the next-generation Mac Pro that many of our customers — well, some of our customers, it’s relatively small in the grand scheme of things, but a very important group of our customers want — until quite a while from now.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): If Point A is when you’re thinking ‘Uh-oh, we need to do this’ or ‘no no, but we need to make a new Mac Pro’ and Point B is when it’s coming out. Why is there a gap? Is the CPU the gateway there? Or is it just design — you need more run-up to get it right? I know obviously this generation of CPU that’s hitting this year probably won’t provide you a significant enough bump…Is that a consideration, or part of the consideration?
John Ternus: I think mostly it’s just getting the time to do the design right. Make sure we land with an architecture and a design that has legs. That we’re really sure is the right thing… We design something, it takes time for us to build the products we build, so it’s not so much about the CPU, it’s more about the overall system.
Ina Fried (Axios): Do you expect to be able to continue manufacturing in the U.S.? That was the other big piece with the Mac Pro…
Phil Schiller: Yeah, we’re not ready to talk about that yet. Further down the line, we’d be happy to.
Before we go into more questions, a couple of other things I didn’t want to miss hitting on. About the software. Now and then we do get some questions about strategy and software for pros. I just want to reiterate our strong commitment there, as well. Both with Final Cut Pro 10 and Logic 10, there are teams on those software products that are completely dedicated to delivering great pro software to our customers. No foot off the gas there.
They’ve been certainly listening a lot to customer feedback, doing a lot of updates. They’ve been very well received. We think we’re on good paths there, and the customers are by and large really happy with the direction and the support they’ve been getting and that’s going to continue. No plan on slowing that down one bit.
A growing group for us is software developers. We’re obviously responsible for software tools and SDKs and much more there. And we’re continuing to invest in that, all the way from languages to compilers to tools, etc. Our dedication remains really strong on all of that.
Craig Federighi: I think if you use Xcode downloads as a metric, it’s possible software developers are actually our largest pro audience. It’s growing very quickly, its been fantastic.
Phil Schiller: Lastly, I’ll just say that with the current generation Mac Pro, which some customers love, others… may not. One of the things that’s certainly clear and true about that was the team set out to do something different, something bold. And we always want to encourage the Mac team, that whatever products you make to make customers happy, that we do bold work.
Because the Mac has always been about that, it’s been about not doing conventional thinking, not ‘me too’ stuff. So the team certainly has been spending a lot of time with customers to understand what better would fit most workflows, to take the time to do something great, and something inspired and that we’re proud to put the name Macintosh on.
I think we hit most of the points we wanted to make. And I’m sure you have lots more burning questions.
 John Ternus during a roundtable conversation with journalists on the Mac inside the machine shop at Apple’s Product Realization Lab.
John Gruber (Daring Fireball): Right out in the lobby was the original iMac G4, with the display on a hinge [that one]. Would you compare the Mac Pro and the need to completely rethink it to that? I remember when [the iMac G4] was introduced, the narrative was ‘The most obvious thing to do with a flat panel is to stick a computer on the back, we didn’t want to do that.’ And then it ends up that the real future of the iMac was: ‘Here’s a beautiful display with a computer on the back.’ Is it similar? You had a great idea, and a couple of us were saying that we loved that design! But obviously it wasn’t… Is it a similar sort of angle, an alley worth taking when you realize it’s a dead end?
Phil Schiller: I wouldn’t want to make that exact analogy because it presupposes a lot of things that may not be correct. I think that the simple answer is, as we’ve said, we made something bold that we thought would be great for the majority of our Mac Pro users. And what we discovered was that it was great for some and not others. Enough so that we need to take another path.
One of the good things, hopefully, with Apple through the years has been a willingness to say when something isn’t quite what we wanted it to be, didn’t live up to expectations, to not be afraid to admit it and look for the next answer. There are many examples of that, but there’s examples of that philosophy, but not so much the details. The details are quite different.
Craig Federighi: I think initially, certainly from a market reception point of view, the current Mac Pro design was well received. It wasn’t that sales fell off at all. But the architecture, over time, proved to be less flexible to take us where we wanted to go to address that audience. In hindsight, we would’ve done that differently. Now we are.
Lance Ulanoff (Mashable): The limitation that we’re talking about, you keep talking about architecture. How much of that is tied to actual design? I remember the triangle on the inside and the cone on the outside were very much tied together. How much of the limitations that you’re talking about are connected to that design?
John Ternus: The triangle you mentioned, the thermal core, is designed to have three fairly similar loads – similarly balanced in power. And so the overall size of the product and the fan, that defines the overall thermal capacity for the enclosure. And we didn’t see as much take up in dual GPUs and we would have expected.
It served its purpose well and created a really quiet and powerful machine using it for a certain class of things, it just didn’t necessarily have the flexibility that we need to have— John Ternus
And certainly there’s other applications where it’s not necessarily the right thing. So, for certain classes a single bigger GPU would actually make more sense. But that architecture doesn’t really support that. The way the product was constructed was with these three balanced loads in mind. So, again, it served its purpose well and created a really quiet and powerful machine using it for a certain class of things, it just didn’t necessarily have the flexibility that we need to have.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): You probably did market research, you mentioned you went out to pros and talked to them. What applications did you find were the most lacking? Obviously with a single heavy-load GPU, people were saying: ‘I wish I had a GPU with 16GB of RAM and a bunch of CPU cycles on it that I could just load up fully with this task.’ And you’re thinking: ‘This machine will never be suited to that, because of the thermal properties.’ Who were those people talking to you who told you ‘this is what we want?’

John Ternus: I think some of the science and technology of those types of applications certainly.
Craig Federighi: There’s certain scientific loads that are very GPU intensive and they want to throw the largest GPU at it that they can. There are heavy 3D graphics or graphics and compute that mix loads. Those can be in VR, those can be in certain kinds of high-end cinema production tasks where most of the software out there that’s been written to target those doesn’t know how to balance itself well across multiple GPUs but can scale across a single large GPU.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): We had like 30 years of CPU-forward thinking and in the last few years, GPU computation has become much more central.
John Ternus: And it’s certainly growing at a faster rate than CPUs as well.
Lance Ulanoff (Mashable): Going back to what you were talking about with the iMac and the MacBook Pro – when you talk about a Mac Pro-specific display, with whatever you do as the box. Maybe they’re altogether. Would you consider a touch display?
Phil Schiller: No [laughter]. We’ve talked a lot about touch on the Mac. It’s certainly, as we’ve talked to pros, not a big request for things they would want in a Mac Pro and not the problems that they most want us to solve. And then, of course, there’s the whole other discussion we’ve had many times about why we believe that MacOS and iOS are distinct and each optimized to be best at what they’re best at. That’s a whole other long discussion we can get into, but suffice it to say, it’s not a big need of the Mac Pro customers that we’re trying to address.
You mentioned again and how we’re talking about both the iMac and MacBook – I do think that we have a two-prong desktop strategy. We think both iMac and Mac Pro are going to be important for pro desktops.
Ina Fried (Axios): You mentioned touch. When Microsoft showed off the Surface Studio, a lot of people were like ‘wow, Microsoft’s out there looking at the next generation of creative pros.’ Is there a segment of creative pros that you think do want something that can tilt down and they can use a stylus with? You guys have always said you’re going to focus on a few things. But do you think this segment of creative people exists? Or is it just not of interest in general?
Phil Schiller: There’s two parts. First, we’ve been talking to Mac Pro users – and the rest of the pro users: iMac users, MacBook Pro users. This does not even register on the list of things they’re most interested in that we talked about: GPUs, storage, portability and many different things, all of which that has nothing to do with. So that’s not very important.
Craig Federighi: I would say that talking to some of those same people in video production, illustration and so forth, they are very excited with the iPad in that context. The iPad Pro, the Pencil, seem to have really hit the mark with that audience. And they are not saying: ‘why can’t I do that on my Mac Pro?’ They’re really excited to take advantage of it on the iPad. So that’s absolutely an area where we want to continue to make the iPad more and more capable.
Phil Schiller: Exactly. So that kind of a product you’re referencing isn’t a great pro desktop. For the things they’re asking us for, it is not — in terms of performance, expandability and all of those things. And as a drawing surface, we think it’s a compromised product as well compared to what we’ve done with iPad Pro and the performance it delivers and the portability it delivers and the ability to directly interact with it. It’s a better form factor.
And that’s an example of the bigger topic. We still think that Mac makes for the best personal computer operating system because it is designed around that, first and foremost — with its Cocoa interface, its indirect manipulation with a mouse, its trackpad and the things you do let us design a system best used for those kinds of applications. And iOS, with its Cocoa touch-based experience is built all around that and is based on the system best optimized for that. So we can make the best of each, rather than a lowest common denominator that would compromise each.
Craig Federighi: We all certainly use both, so we’re really focused on making them work well together, because we think in many tasks, that’s actually the best solution. So all of our customers should feel free to buy multiple products [laughter]. We encourage that.
Ina Fried (Axios): We’ve seen over time you leading the industry and getting more and more performance out of ARM. Everyone looks at the curves going up. As you guys look at different trends that are taking over, do you see ARM-based chips playing a role in desktops and Macs in the future?
Craig Federighi: We’ve actually see that a little bit already. [With the] T1, I think we called it? But it brings some of the authentication, the Secure Enclave processor, for instance, out of our iPhone SoCs and makes them available on the Mac. So we see a really interesting complementary role for our silicon working with Intel. And we certainly work with Intel on our needs to deliver chips into our Mac roadmap and we see that continuing.
John Ternus: But it’s obviously a huge opportunity for us to have what I think is probably the best silicon design team in the world, so we can bring those Apple-specific features into the Mac.
Ina Fried (Axios): It sound like you see that for the near future being a complementary role, versus —
Craig Federighi: Correct.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): The Touch Bar’s been out and people have been poking at it, and I’m sure you guys have been anonymously recording pokes. Based on your learnings, are you seeing that as having a place in the iMac or the Mac Pro? The paradigm of a combination of an interactive changeable display and physical keys.
Phil Schiller: We think we’re off to a good start with the Touch Bar. That it is intuitive for everybody in general and specifically does give some incredible capabilities for pro users. And as we’ve started to see more and more adoption in pro apps, our own – obviously Logic supports it, as does Final Cut and third-party apps have done a real good job starting to support it. We’re seeing some really brilliant uses of it.
And we think that this is a good path that we’re on. The opportunity to integrate touch where it can most add additional value in the Mac experience is the smart way to go, just as we’ve made the trackpad better at gestures and a really smooth, intuitive experience. We think that’s a great place to go with touch and that’s what the Touch Bar is. We’re still going to learn a lot more. It hasn’t been that long that it’s been out there and we’re still trying to learn and gather data from customers – research mostly and a lot of different interview with customers and we’re going to learn. And we think, if we’re right, this is a great direction for the Mac.

John Gruber (Daring Fireball): How do you square the fact that the pros’ needs vary greatly with the fact that you guys don’t offer a wide range of hardware. If you want the latest range of MacBook Pros, you’re getting one that’s a lot thinner and lighter, even though some pros really need the most battery life that they can possibly get.
Phil Schiller: Well, you know that we’ve always tried to strike that balance between meeting as large a group of users’ needs as possible, while making the fewest number of products that enable that. So we can put energy into making them really great. Great performance, great quality, great innovative features. If you dilute too far, those become counterproductive with each other.
So we work hard at trying to do both. And sometimes we nail it and sometimes we go back to the drawing board and try harder. So that’s what we have to do. We have to try to make the product line that meets most users’ needs, as varied as those needs may be. I think, as you talk about the pro user, the fact that our user base is split over notebooks, all-in-one desktops and modular desktops is important. We aren’t making one machine for pros. We’re making three different designs for pros. We’re going to continue to.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): I don’t want to get too personal, but what was the moment you came to the realization that the Mac Pro that you had dreamed was not this design? What did that feel like, how did that happen, who goes ‘it’s time to rethink this?’
Phil Schiller: I wish I could give you the kind of answer you want with that, which is, ‘oh, there was a day and a meeting and we all got together and said X,’ but it rarely works that way.
Craig Federighi: We all went on our own emotional journeys, I’d say [laughter]. There were periods of denial and acceptance. We all went on that arc.
John Ternus: There definitely wasn’t a single point. Looking at how things are doing, looking at what we can do within the space and eventually come to a conclusion, but it’s not like it’s an a-ha moment.
Ina Fried (Axios): To follow up on that, I assume some of those collective realizations came when you guys wanted to update it and you looked around and said: ‘If we’re going to do an update, this is what people want. You can’t do that. I’m not sure shoving 30MHz faster dual-GPU helps that much, so we’ll just leave it.’ I assume just from the outside, looking at the product cycle, there had to be those sorts of meetings.
Craig Federighi: There definitely were. That’s absolutely right.
Lance Ulanoff (Mashable): Is there a difference in the way these pro products are designed and developed as compared to an Apple Watch, where form follows function or function follows form? Which is driving? It sounds like on the pro side you’ve got a lot more of the function. You’ve got the pro needs come first and then you wrap something around it. I don’t know if that was the case when the Mac Pro was designed. But is there a difference?
John Ternus: The process for how we design things is largely the same. We go through the process with all of our products. Certainly, how you make the tradeoffs and the priorities you have in a certain product are going to be different based on the products you’re trying to address. So a 15-inch MacBook Pro, we’re pushing really hard to get the most performance we can do in the form factor that’s the way we want it. We want it to be light, we want it to be portable, we want it to be beautiful. Obviously you make a different set of tradeoffs when you’re building a 12-inch MacBook. The product serves a different need. So the goals are different.
Craig Federighi: The requirements for the capability of the system do provide constraints that drive the design process. So there’s a balance in there, but when we built the original Mac Pro, we said: ‘how much aggregate graphics compute do we think this system needs to have?’ And we came up with an architecture that said ‘we can split it across two GPUs that are both pretty thermally efficient, and we want this thing to be silent as well.’
What I think we didn’t appreciate completely at the time was how we had so tailor-designed that specific vision at the time that in the future we would find ourselves a bit boxed in to a circular shape. We were boxed by a circle— Craig Federighi
But we didn’t start with a shape and say ‘here’s the fastest machine we can put in that box.’ We actually started with a target for performance and came up with what I think was a very clever design of that thermal core and thermal architecture to accommodate what we thought was the right power architecture. What I think we didn’t appreciate completely at the time was how we had so tailor-designed that specific vision at the time that in the future we would find ourselves a bit boxed in to a circular shape. We were boxed by a circle [laughter].
Ina Fried (Axios): One other takeaway is that pros value a couple of things – well, they value a lot of things. The two times I can remember Apple designing a really cool product that didn’t necessarily meet a broad audience are this and the cube [PowerMac G4 Cube]. And the lesson was that they value that expandability, more options. Is it a lesson now that you guys are beginning to think about the next thing, that it needs to be more traditionally shaped and traditionally open?
Craig Federighi: I wouldn’t say we’re trying to paint any picture right now about a shape. It could be an octagon this time [laughter]. But certainly flexibility and our flexibility to keep it current and upgraded. We need an architecture that can deliver across a wide dynamic range of performance and that we can efficiently keep it up to date with the best technologies over years.
I think it’s a strength of the company that we see new technologies creating new opportunities. We tend to try to jump on those pretty aggressively and so you look at that architecture of that Mac Pro, it had great Thunderbolt external I/O and we said: ‘This is a great opportunity to change what had been a conventional build a big card rack and slot a bunch of cards in there.’ We said: ‘a lot of this storage can be achieved with very high performance with Thunderbolt. So we built a design in part around that assumption, as well. Some of the pro community has been sort of moving that direction, but we had certainly in mind the need for expandability. If you wanted a great RAID solution in there, it probably made a lot more sense to put it outside the box than actually be constrained within the physical enclosure that contained the CPU. So, I think we went into it with some interesting ideas, and not all of them paid off.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): What’s your philosophy on external GPUs?
Craig Federighi: I think they have a place.
Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): Seems like it would have offered the maximum flexibility in the space where you would never have to worry about thermal problems theoretically as long as the external GPU was built right.
John Ternus: I think there’s some aspects of them where they’re going to be beneficial and there’s some workloads where they’re going to be less effective.
John Gruber (Daring Fireball): There’s a contingent of the pro market – I have friends who are in it, and I hear from people who read the site. Their theory is that Apple doesn’t care about Mac Pro users anymore. They certainly care very much about iPad Pro users. In broad strokes, their theory is that Apple wants everyone to switch to iPads. And that the Mac has some sort of end of life on the horizon. Are you aware of this group of users who at least have this theory? I know you’re going to say it’s not true. At least I think you are. But are you aware that reasonable people – not conspiracy theorists — because they’re looking at real evidence…
Phil Schiller: The Mac has an important long future at Apple. Apple cares deeply about the Mac. We have every intention to keep going and investing in the Mac. It’s important to us, it’s important to our customers — including Mac Pro users, all pro users, including Mac Pro. And if we’ve had a pause in upgrades and updates on that, we’re sorry for that, what happened with the Mac Pro, and we’re going to come out with something great to replace it. And that’s our intention. We care about our Pro users who use MacBook Pros, who use iMacs and who use Mac Pros, who use modular systems as well as all-in-one systems, who use the pro software we make. It’s all important to us and we’re invested in that and we see a long future with that stuff.
The Mac is — we say it over and over, we’re saying it again here — a huge part of our future, we’re deeply invested in it— Craig Federighi
Craig Federighi: We certainly see, as I know you do, a wide spectrum of views expressed in internet forums about all things, including our products. I think it’s not entirely unreasonable and it’s understandable that some people who love their Macs so much and see something new that Apple is talking about in the form of iPad, creating in some of them a sense of insecurity: ‘What does this mean? There’s thing I really care about, I don’t want to see it go away, I see this other new thing on the scene, what does this mean to me, what does this mean to the product I love?’ So I understand how that would come out in the form of concern that this is happening, but this is not happening. The Mac is — we say it over and over, we’re saying it again here — a huge part of our future, we’re deeply invested in it.
John Ternus: Some of our most talented folks working on it. I mean, quite frankly, a lot of this company, if not most of this company, runs on Macs.
Craig Federighi: That’s right.
John Ternus: This is a company full of pro Mac users.
Phil Schiller: It’s a reasonable question, and this is why we’re here today, specifically, to address that question above all else. We’re committed to the Mac, we’ve got great talent on the Mac, both hardware and software, we’ve got great products planned for the future and as far as our horizon line can see, the Mac is a core component of the things Apple delivers, including to our Pro customers.
Lance Ulanoff (Mashable): Ports. No brave decisions or courageous decisions on ports on the Mac Pro? This is an audience that has more legacy stuff than anybody else. Can you make any promises or make any allowances for…
Craig Federighi: a serial ATA port [laughter], an RS-232…
Phil Schiller: We’re not going to make any promise, or anything that should be misinterpreted as ‘Here’s what Apple said they’re going to do in the future on the Mac Pro.’ I will point out that we make decisions at a product-by-product level — thinking about the ecosystem of how things work together but also at a product level. Just because on one product we remove something doesn’t mean we’re going to remove it from everything if it doesn’t make sense. So there’s no reason to draw any conclusion. For example, [saying] what we choose to do on a MacBook Pro means that that’s all we will do on a desktop in the future. That’s not a reasonable conclusion. We make choices based on a variety of factors per product.
Ina Fried (Axios): You talked a lot about the feedback you got on the Mac Pro. There’s certainly been feedback — people like a lot of things about the new MacBooks, don’t love the battery life. What would you say has been the pro feedback? What have you learned from what pros are saying about the new MacBook Pros?
Phil Schiller: First we’re still gathering a lot of feedback. I wouldn’t say we’re done synthesizing all that we’re learning. In general, it’s been incredibly well received, it is a popular product — in fact, I think it’s one of the most popular pro notebooks we’ve made in our history. In total, the story’s really good. It doesn’t mean there isn’t feedback there of things we can make better, of course there is. But in total, the feedback’s really good.
As we’ve said, there’s a lot of different kinds of pro users, so we can’t over simplify. But in general, I think we’ve hit a real sweet spot with the product. I think battery life was an early area where there was some feedback — that’s actually died down greatly. Not to say again that we can’t get better, but many people are getting great battery life out of it. It certainly is very competitive with anything in the industry, stands up really well, the balance of performance and battery life it gets. In fact, I read a really neat test over the weekend where we were the only notebook tested that met or exceeded its battery life claims. Everything else was pretty poor.
Craig Federighi: Like half.
Phil Schiller: And so it was great to read that, but we can continue to make things better. But that’s been well-received. Generally there’s certainly been feedback about I/O. I think the I/O has been for some great because of the performance it delivers and the flexibility it delivers. Others would like some legacy connectors, but there are adapters for that. We’re not done gathering feedback, but generally things are going really well with it.
Craig Federighi: And we did have some software issues particularly affecting the 15-inch. It could result on switching to the discrete GPU under circumstances where we shouldn’t have, and then consuming power on the discrete GPU on levels that were in excess of what was appropriate, which was responsible for some of the issues there. Since the fixes we put out in December, I want to say, the fleet battery (the metrics for those who opted in to sending Apple diagnostics). The average increased by an hour on those systems in battery life. And those systems, despite the initial reaction externally, those systems have considerably better battery life than the systems they replaced. And so it was a little bit of a shock to us, honestly. We were so excited to put those machines out and deliver great battery life to our 15-inch customers, and then got that reaction from a subset of the users that were unhappy. Those systems have better battery life than any 15-inch machine we’ve ever shipped. And I’m glad we got the software fixes out there to let that machine shine to its full capability.
John Paczkowski (BuzzFeed): What about the Mac Mini? It hasn’t come up once yet. Is there a reason?
Phil Schiller: On that I’ll say the Mac Mini is an important product in our lineup and we weren’t bringing it up because it’s more of a mix of consumer with some pro use. So we’re focusing today specifically on the things that are important to pros. While there are some pro usage, there’s also a lot of consumer uses so we aren’t covering it today. The Mac Mini remains a product in our lineup, but nothing more to say about it today.
If we haven’t communicated that, we have a lot of people working on the Mac — a lot of really brilliant people invested in great new products in both infrastructure and people — then we haven’t done our job here today because we do have a lot of resources on the Mac, and that’s gonna stay.
Ina Fried (Axios): I don’t expect you to give us numbers, but is the team growing? Is it the same as a while ago?
Craig Federighi: On the software side, it’s difficult to account for, because our overall org has grown substantially over the last couple years. More and more, when you talk about work on the kernel or the security sub-systems, or the graphic architecture, or the compiler, or the rest of the developer tools. Even some of the sort of mid-tier object-oriented frameworks. It’s all the same teams. People externally have misconstrued: ‘Look what’s happening to the Mac team! They’re all together!’ I mean, they are — for good reasons. For our developers, we think we want a common platform at the lower level for a developer to build an app that could work on iOS, even tvOS, MacOS. The differentiated bits are the higher level user environment and some of the highest level frameworks that target that user experience.
The number of people focused on the common technologies, as well as the distinct technologies to each of those platforms, has definitely grown over the last several years.




0
SHARES







































Featured Stories





 

Is Venture Ready for Robotics? with Manish Kothari (SRI), Josh Wolfe (Lux Capital) and Helen Zelman (Lemnos)
VIDEO | 26:06 | TC Sessions






 

The dream of Polish tech entrepreneurship is almost over
12 hours ago | John Biggs






 

Dear tech dudes, stop being so dumb about women
13 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist






 

Alibaba and Tencent are carving up Southeast Asia’s startup ecosystem
23 hours ago | Jon Russell






 

What it’s like to ship yourself overnight on Cabin’s sleep pod bus
yesterday | Megan Rose Dickey









Latest From Gadgets





 

Optoma’s UHD60 projector delivers great, affordable 4K performance
Jul 21, 2017 | Darrell Etherington






 

The ORII smart ring lets you control your smartphone using only your voice
Jul 21, 2017 | Jon Russell






 

Petcube Bites treat camera lets you monitor and reward your pet from afar
Jul 20, 2017 | Darrell Etherington






 

US lifts laptop ban for all remaining airlines and airports
Jul 20, 2017 | Natasha Lomas









	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 




 





			Advertisement		




















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
A first-time wearables user reviews the Fitbit Alta HR

	Posted Apr 6, 2017  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Tools and Automation Engineer at SonoSim Inc. (Santa Monica, CA, United States)




Software Engineer at Buildingconnected (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Social Media Marketing Manager @ Gnarbox at Gnarbox (Santa Monica, CA, United States)




Database Administrator at Matheson Tri-Gas (Basking Ridge, New Jersey, United States)




Sr. Product Analyst at Clear Capital (Roseville, CA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								TechCrunch Startup Battlefield is coming to a new continent: Announcing Australia!							

								2 hours ago by Samantha Stein							



								The dream of Polish tech entrepreneurship is almost over							

								12 hours ago by John Biggs							



								Dear tech dudes, stop being so dumb about women							

								13 hours ago by Jon Evans							



								Alibaba and Tencent are carving up Southeast Asia’s startup ecosystem							

								23 hours ago by Jon Russell							



								All Pokémon Go Fest attendees get a Legendary Pokémon, Articuno coming next							

								yesterday by Greg Kumparak							



								Drone registration coming to the UK							

								yesterday by Natasha Lomas							



								Helping students transition from the laboratory to robotics startup							

								yesterday by Brian Heater							



								Watch the first trailer for Steven Spielberg’s adaptation of ‘Ready Player One’							

								yesterday by Anthony Ha							



								Pokémon Go Fest attendees to get refunds as technical issues break the event							

								yesterday by Greg Kumparak							



								VCs love insurance, even if you don’t							

								yesterday by Joanna Glasner							



 










Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Craig Federighi




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  Craig Federighi  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






















Apple Leadership - Craig Federighi - Apple










































Craig Federighi
Senior Vice President,Software Engineering
						





Craig Federighi is Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering, reporting to CEO Tim Cook. Craig oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple’s common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple’s innovative products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.
Craig returned to Apple in 2009 to lead OS X (now macOS) engineering, working on a number of major software releases including OS X Mavericks, the 10th major release of the world’s most advanced desktop operating system.

Prior to his return, Craig worked at NeXT, followed by Apple, and then spent a decade at Ariba where he held several roles including chief technology officer.
Craig holds a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.














Apple announces new products at Worldwide Developers Conference | Fox News













































































































Fox News
Expand

Browse All Slideshows






Search






Latest Slideshows

Latest
Politics
US
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
Weather





Login



Welcome,  


You're logged in as  

Profile
Logout





















TECH







Apple announces new products at Worldwide Developers Conference
New products from Apple debut at Worldwide Developers Conference

http://www.foxnews.com/">Fox News

http://www.foxnews.com/

CEO, Tim Cook at Apple's annual world wide developer conference in San Jose, California

(REUTERS/Stephen Lam)

ceo,-tim-cook-at-apple's-annual-world-wide-developer-conference-in-san-jose,-california


People photograph a prototype Apple HomePod during the annual Apple Worldwide Developer Conference

(REUTERS/Stephen Lam)

people-photograph-a-prototype-apple-homepod-during-the-annual-apple-worldwide-developer-conference


Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

apple-ceo-tim-cook-speaks-about-the-apple-watch


John Ternus, Vice President, Mac and iPad Hardware Engineering under a graphic of price points for the Macbook laptop family

(REUTERS/Stephen Lam)

john-ternus,-vice-president,-mac-and-ipad-hardware-engineering-under-a-graphic-of-price-points-for-the-macbook-laptop-family


Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about Apple TV 

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

apple-ceo-tim-cook-speaks-about-apple-tv-


Apple CEO, Tim Cook during Apple's annual world wide developer conference

(REUTERS/Stephen Lam)

apple-ceo,-tim-cook-during-apple's-annual-world-wide-developer-conference


Craig Federighi, Senior Vice President Software Engineering speaks about Siri

(REUTERS/Stephen Lam)

craig-federighi,-senior-vice-president-software-engineering-speaks-about-siri


Apple's John Ternus speaks about the new iMac Pro

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

apple's-john-ternus-speaks-about-the-new-imac-pro


Craig Federighi during an announcement of new products

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

craig-federighi-during-an-announcement-of-new-products


Craig Federighi speaks about new Apple products for the car

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

craig-federighi-speaks-about-new-apple-products-for-the-car


Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing speaks about app store downloads

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

phil-schiller,-apple's-senior-vice-president-of-worldwide-marketing-speaks-about-app-store-downloads


Craig Federighi talks about virtual reality

(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

craig-federighi-talks-about-virtual-reality


An audience member takes a photo of the Apple logo before the start of the company's annual developer conference

(REUTERS/Stephen Lam)

an-audience-member-takes-a-photo-of-the-apple-logo-before-the-start-of-the-company's-annual-developer-conference



Previous Next















Apple announces new products at Worldwide Developers Conference
New products from Apple debut at Worldwide Developers Conference







Recommended







USS Gerald R. Ford in pictures









DIY weapons of Syria’s civil war









Apple announces new products at Worldwide Developers Conference









5 unique tech gifts for Mother's Day









SHOT Show 2017 in pictures









10 years of the Apple iPhone: In pictures









More From Our Sponsors




















































Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents - Apple
















































PRESS RELEASE
August 27, 2012






       
         
             Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents


		
        
        







CUPERTINO, California—August 27, 2012—Apple® today announced that Craig Federighi, Apple’s vice president of Mac Software Engineering, and Dan Riccio, Apple’s vice president of Hardware Engineering, have been promoted to senior vice presidents. Federighi and Riccio will report to Apple CEO Tim Cook and serve on Apple’s executive management team.
Apple also announced that Bob Mansfield, who announced his retirement in June, will remain at Apple. Mansfield will work on future products, reporting to Tim Cook.
As senior vice president of Mac Software Engineering, Federighi will continue to be responsible for the development of Mac OS® X and Apple’s common operating system engineering teams. Federighi worked at NeXT, followed by Apple, and then spent a decade at Ariba where he held several roles including vice president of Internet Services and chief technology officer. He returned to Apple in 2009 to lead Mac OS X engineering. Federighi holds a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.
Riccio, as senior vice president of Hardware Engineering, will lead the Mac®, iPhone®, iPad® and iPod® engineering teams. He has been instrumental in all of Apple’s iPad products since the first generation iPad. Riccio joined Apple in 1998 as vice president of Product Design and has been a key contributor to most of Apple’s hardware over his career. Dan earned a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1986.
Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Press Contact:Kristin HuguetApplekhuguet@apple.com(408) 974-2414






Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS, Macintosh, iPhone, iPad and iPod are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.            







The latest news for journalists.Read more
















Craig Federighi on MacRumors




































            Got a tip for us? Let us know


a. Send us an email
b. Anonymous form
close (x)




 
 

 
 
 
 






Front Page
Mac Blog
iOS Blog

Roundups 

AirPort
Apple Car
Apple Deals
Apple Pay
Apple Stores
Apple TV
Apple VR Project
Apple Watch Series 2
CarPlay
Displays
HomePod
iMac
iMac Pro
iOS 10
iOS 11
iPad (2017)
iPad mini 4 (2015)
iPad Pro
iPhone 6s
iPhone 7
iPhone 8
iPhone SE
iPod nano
iPod shuffle
iPod touch
Mac mini
Mac Pro
MacBook
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
macOS High Sierra
macOS Sierra
tvOS 10
watchOS 3
watchOS 4


Buyer's Guide
Forums










HomePod
iOS 11
iPhone 7
iPhone 8
macOS High Sierra
iMac Pro
MacBook Pro
watchOS 3
watchOS 4
Apple Watch Series 2
iPad Pro
iPhone 6s
MacBook
tvOS 10
Apple TV
iPhone SE
Apple Car
Apple Deals
CarPlay
iPad mini 4 (2015)
Mac mini
Mac Pro
MacBook Air
macOS Sierra
iOS 10
Apple VR Project
iMac
iPad (2017)
Displays
Apple Stores
AirPort
Apple Pay
iPod nano
iPod shuffle
iPod touch
All >







Craig Federighi

'Craig Federighi' Articles



Watch 'The Talk Show' Live From WWDC 2017 With Craig Federighi and Phil Schiller
Friday June 9, 2017 7:03 am PDT by Joe Rossignol
Daring Fireball has shared the full video of "The Talk Show Live" from Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference this week.Before a live audience at The California Theatre in San Jose, Apple senior executives Craig Federighi and Phil Schiller joined host John Gruber to reflect on the company's announcements at its WWDC opening keynote on Monday, including several new Macs, macOS High Sierra, iOS 11, and HomePod.The video, produced by Amy Jane Gruber and Paul Kafasis, is available on Vimeo and embedded below. MacRumors has put together a WWDC 2017 roundup with the latest news and announcements from the
Read Full Article • 106 comments





MacBook Pro's Touch Bar Will Display Function Keys When Running Windows With Boot Camp
Friday October 28, 2016 6:48 am PDT by Joe Rossignol
One of the biggest questions about the Touch Bar on Apple's new MacBook Pro is how it will work with Windows through Boot Camp. That led MacRumors reader Abraham to send an email to Apple's software engineering chief Craig Federighi, who shared good news for dual-booters.Question from Abraham: Craig, am I correct in assuming that the Touch Bar becomes a row of visual function keys when using Windows with Boot Camp?Federighi's answer: You are indeed!Presumably, this means the Touch Bar will likely display virtual function keys between F1-F12, along with an Escape key, when running Windows. It remains to be seen if there will be specific controls for system-level tasks such as volume, playback, and display brightness. Meanwhile, the virtual power button should work, but without Touch ID.MacRumors cannot fully confirm the authenticity of the email, but it does appear to be sent by Federighi through Apple's corporate servers based on full headers we saw. Apple executives occasionally respond to customer emails, or it is possible the response was handled by Apple's executive relations or public relations teams. Boot Camp is an Apple utility that enables users to partition their SSDs or hard drives and install Windows directly on a Mac, allowing for macOS and Windows to be run side by side. It differs from virtualization software like Parallels and VMware Fusion, which allows Windows to run as a desktop app within macOS
Read Full Article • 73 comments





Craig Federighi Says Touch Bar on New MacBook Pro Has 'So Much Potential' For Developers
Friday October 28, 2016 12:09 am PDT by Joe Rossignol
YouTube tech reviewer Marques Brownlee has shared an exclusive interview with Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi. The pair chatted about the new MacBook Pro and its customizable Touch Bar, which Federighi said is "going to be great" and has "so much potential" for developers.Touch Bar is a Multi-Touch strip of glass that replaces the standard row of function keys on the new MacBook Pros, providing users with system-level and app-specific controls that contextually change. For example, when a user types text in a document, the Touch Bar might include controls for adjusting the font face and size.MacBook Pro users can interact with the Touch Bar using gestures. Tapping activates a control, such as a button, or selects an item, such as an emoji. Touching and holding initiates a secondary action on a control, such as a button. Panning moves an element, such as a slider of photos or emojis, from side-to-side. The questions and answers below were edited slightly for clarity and brevity."Why now? Why 2016 for us to arrive at the Touch Bar?"A lot of it came together in terms of the technology being just right to really pull this off in this kind of form factor — such as Touch ID and the quality of the display. We wanted it to feel just completely native to the keyboard and completely real — and be so responsive. We were able to take so much that we've learned in the hardware for iOS devices — and even so much of the security model of iOS, like for Touch ID — and incorporate some of our custom silicon to make it happen. A
Read Full Article • 448 comments





Apple's Phil Schiller: 'We Don't Design for Price, We Design for the Experience'
Thursday October 27, 2016 4:30 pm PDT by Juli Clover
Following the launch of the redesigned MacBook Pro, CNET has published an interview with Apple executives Phil Schiller, Jony Ive, and Craig Federighi, highlighting some of the design decisions that went into the new machine.The contextual OLED Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro, which is its key feature, has been in development under the direction of Jony Ive for at least two years, and according to Ive, it "marks a beginning" of a "very interesting direction" for future products.Apple's new MacBook took so long to develop because the company didn't want to "just create a speed bump," aiming instead for something that's a "big, big step forward." Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller says the MacBook Pro will allow Apple to "create many things to come," some of which "we can't envision yet." He also said Apple isn't driven by a calendar, but is instead aiming to create "new innovations" in the Mac line.Many customers are unhappy with the high price of the new MacBook Pro models, something Schiller addressed in the interview. An entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar costs $1,799, a full $500 more than previous-generation models, and 15-inch models start at $2,399. Schiller says Apple cares about price, but has to design for experience rather than cost.Affordability is "absolutely something we care about," Schiller says. "But we don't design for price, we design for the experience and the quality people expect from Mac. Sometimes that means we end up at the higher end of the range, but not on purpose, just because that's what it costs."The MacBook Pro's 
Read Full Article • 877 comments





Apple's Machine Learning Has Cut Siri's Error Rate by a Factor of Two
Wednesday August 24, 2016 9:01 am PDT by Joe Rossignol
Steven Levy has published an in-depth article about Apple's artificial intelligence and machine learning efforts, after meeting with senior executives Craig Federighi, Eddy Cue, Phil Schiller, and two Siri scientists at the company's headquarters.  Apple provided Levy with a closer look at how machine learning is deeply integrated into Apple software and services, led by Siri, which the article reveals has been powered by a neural-net based system since 2014. Apple said the backend change greatly improved the personal assistant's accuracy."This was one of those things where the jump was so significant that you do the test again to make sure that somebody didn’t drop a decimal place," says Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of internet software and services.Alex Acero, who leads the Siri speech team at Apple, said Siri's error rate has been lowered by more than a factor of two in many cases.“The error rate has been cut by a factor of two in all the languages, more than a factor of two in many cases,” says Acero. “That’s mostly due to deep learning and the way we have optimized it — not just the algorithm itself but in the context of the whole end-to-end product.”Acero told Levy he was able to work directly with Apple's silicon design team and the engineers who write the firmware for iOS devices to maximize performance of the neural network, and Federighi added that Apple building both hardware and software gives it an "incredible advantage" in the space."It's not just the silicon," adds Federighi. "It's how many microphones we put on the device, where we place
Read Full Article • 122 comments





Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi Discuss Maps and 'Learning From Apple's Failures' In New Interview
Wednesday August 10, 2016 7:29 am PDT by Mitchel Broussard
Continuing from an interview with Tim Cook and Eddy Cue earlier in the week, Fast Company today posted a lengthy new interview session with Cue and Craig Federighi, in which the two discussed Apple Maps, the legacy of Apple devices, and "learning from Apple's failures."Both Cue and Federighi admitted that everyone who works at the company has "to be honest with ourselves" whenever mistakes are brought up by the public, usually following new product or software launches. While some may see this as an exponentially increasing problem with Apple, Cue points out that the quality issue appears bigger since the company's reach has expanded. There's "a higher bar" Apple has to achieve now, and Cue is "okay with that."When we were the Mac company, if we impacted 1% of our customers, it was measured in thousands. Now if we impact 1% of our customers, it’s measured in tens of millions. That’s a problem, right—things are going to be perceived differently. Our products are way better than they used to be, but there’s a higher bar, and I’m okay with that. I think that is why we’re here. That’s why I get up every day. I like that people have high expectations of us, and that they care about little things that bother them, which, in a lot of products, they wouldn’t bother about. With other companies, you think, that’s about as good as it’s going to be. With us, you want perfection; you want it to be the best. And we want that. Both of the Apple executives commented that sometimes the company's high quality standards aren't fully met, particularly when Fast Company questioned them
Read Full Article • 211 comments





Phil Schiller and Craig Federighi's Interview on 'The Talk Show' Now Available
Saturday June 18, 2016 10:45 am PDT by Eric Slivka
Earlier this week, Apple executives Phil Schiller and Craig Federighi appeared on a live episode of John Gruber's podcast, The Talk Show, touching on a number of topics and expanding on some of the announcements made the previous day at the Worldwide Developers Conference keynote.The full video and audio of the interview are now available from Daring Fireball for those interested in seeing exactly what Schiller and Federighi had to say. The executives discussed such topics as the ability  to remove stock apps in iOS 10, the opening of several parts of Apple's platforms to third-party developers to allow integration into apps such as Messages and Maps, and more. The discussion also covered Apple's expanded subscription options for app developers, including some clarification on which types of apps may not be appropriate for such a model, details on the new Photos features and how Apple is approaching privacy with them, and some thoughts on how Apple was able to make such significant improvements in the watchOS user
Read Full Article • 110 comments





Phil Schiller and Craig Federighi Talk iMessage, Siri API and Mac App Store on 'The Talk Show'
Tuesday June 14, 2016 8:51 pm PDT by Husain Sumra
A day after Apple's WWDC keynote address, Apple SVP of Marketing Phil Schiller and SVP of Software Engineering Craig Federighi joined Daring Fireball's John Gruber on a special edition of his podcast, The Talk Show. The duo addressed many topics, including the emphasis on iMessage in iOS 10, opening up Siri and other parts of iOS up to developers and the Mac App Store.The bulk of Apple's presentation on iOS 10 was focused on the extensive improvements to iMessage. When Gruber asked Federighi about the focus on Messages Federighi said the company knew that it was the app iPhone users spent the most time in, and the one they get the most excited about.Every time we add emoji it would be the biggest thing. We work all year on a new file system or something and people are more excited about the two more emoji. So we figured if there's one place where we could make a difference in how people experience iOS it's Messages.With iOS 10, Apple announced that many of its services would be opened up to developers. Siri now has an API that allows developers to interface with it, iMessage includes a new App Store that will allow developers to create stickers and payments for it, and Apple Maps now allows developers to create extensions for their apps, allowing users to book a reservation or hail a cab via Maps.Federighi and Schiller both said that Apple likes to create a baseline for its technology first, then allow developers to build on it. Federighi said this is illustrated by Share Sheets, which at first only featured Facebook and Twitter extensions that were built by
Read Full Article • 238 comments





Apple Execs Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi to Speak at Code Conference in May
Monday April 28, 2014 11:46 am PDT by Juli Clover
Apple executives Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi will speak at the first annual Code Conference hosted by Re/code, the site reported today. The duo will headline the second night of the event in late May.We are very excited to have both Cue and Federighi at the event to talk about a range of things about the company that remains at the center of the action, especially in the important mobile sector. From the shifting entertainment and communications landscape to the fast-moving wearables space to, well, everything digital, these two play a very important role.Eddy Cue serves as Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services handling the iTunes Store, App Store, iCloud, and more, while Federighi serves as the senior vice president of Software Engineering, overseeing both iOS and OS X.Both Cue and Federighi report directly to Tim Cook and are responsible for overseeing many essential elements of Apple's ecosystem.Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher of Re/code have done multiple yearly conferences, formerly under All Things D. Past events have included interviews with former Apple CEO Steve Jobs and last year’s event featured current Apple CEO Tim Cook, who spoke about wearables and television.The 2014 Code Conference will also feature speakers like General Motors CEO Mary Barra and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. While the event is sold out, the site does have plans to post news and videos on Re/code throughout the
Read Full Article • 25 comments





Jony Ive and Craig Federighi Talk Collaboration in Full Businessweek Interview
Wednesday September 25, 2013 12:48 pm PDT by Juli Clover
Following last week's cover story on Apple CEO Tim Cook, SVP of Design Jony Ive, and SVP of Software Engineering Craig Federighi, Bloomberg Businessweek has published the full transcript of its interview with Ive and Federighi, which reveals even more about Apple’s leading trio and the work that went into Apple’s newest mobile operating system, iOS 7.According to Federighi, both he and Ive "wanted to do something big," and had to figure out how to bring together various Apple teams that had not previously worked together. After a major management restructuring last fall, Jony Ive took over Human Interface in addition to Industrial Design and Craig Federighi, who was previously in charge of OS X, took over iOS as well.ID [Industrial Design] and HI [Human Interface] weren’t working together as much, and that became an intense collaboration, along with Engineering. These are teams that had a creative relationship going back a long time, but this became now a very intense relationship in the construction of iOS 7.The mission, said Federighi, became "so clear and so critical" that "everyone who needed to contribute jumped in." Ive agreed, adding that intense task of creating iOS 7 gave their teams an "all-consuming focus" that greatly enhanced collaboration.When you think about the roles changing, I think what happens is you think about this as the task at hand. So I don’t think we ever talked about our roles. We talked about how we can most effectively extend the collaboration that always existed. […] I think that when you have a focus that’s that clear, what
Read Full Article • 163 comments





Apple's Jony Ive and Craig Federighi Discuss Their Design and Engineering Partnership
Thursday September 19, 2013 8:20 am PDT by Eric Slivka
While Apple design guru Jony Ive and software engineering chief Craig Federighi were included in a Bloomberg Businessweek cover story published today, much of the focus of that piece was on CEO Tim Cook and his thoughts about Apple and the competition.Ive and Federighi now get some attention for themselves in an interview with USA Today in which the two discuss their partnership that led to the development of iOS 7."When we sat down last November (to work on iOS 7), we understood that people had already become comfortable with touching glass, they didn't need physical buttons, they understood the benefits," says Ive. "So there was an incredible liberty in not having to reference the physical world so literally. We were trying to create an environment that was less specific. It got design out of the way."Federighi goes on to note that the technological advances over the past few years have finally reached the point where Apple is able to tackle something like iOS 7."This is the first post-Retina (Display) UI (user interface), with amazing graphics processing thanks to tremendous GPU (graphics processing unit) power growth, so we had a different set of tools to bring to bear on the problem as compared to seven years ago (when the iPhone first launched)," he says. "Before, the shadowing effect we used was a great way to distract from the limitations of the display. But with a display that's this precise, there's nowhere to hide. So we wanted a clear typography."Ive jumps in. "Yes, we wanted to defer to the content, and just get out of the way."The piece also includes
Read Full Article • 107 comments





Craig Federighi and Dan Riccio Receive Stock Grants Worth $50 Million Each
Wednesday September 5, 2012 7:03 am PDT by Eric Slivka
Following their appointments to Apple's senior executive team, Craig Federighi and Dan Riccio have each been granted 75,000 restricted stock units by Apple.  The grants, which were revealed in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission covering Federighi and Riccio, are worth roughly $50 million apiece at today's stock price, although they do not convert into actual shares for some time.According to the vesting schedule, Federighi and Riccio will each see 25,000 of their restricted stock units convert into actual shares on December 23, 2013, with another 25,000 following on April 23, 2015 and the final batch of 25,000 converting August 23, 2016.Including actual shares as well as previous restricted stock unit grants that are converting to shares over time, Federighi holds roughly $97 million worth of stock rights at Apple's present share price, while Riccio's holdings would be worth about $89 million.Grants of restricted stock units are typically issued both as bonuses for previous work as well as incentives to remain with the company.  With the units vesting over time, recipients are generally required to remain employed with the company through each vesting date in order for those units to convert into redeemable
Read Full Article • 24 comments





Craig Federighi and Dan Riccio Named Senior Executives, Bob Mansfield to Remain at Apple
Monday August 27, 2012 1:41 pm PDT by Eric Slivka
Apple today announced that Craig Federighi and Dan Riccio will be joining the company's senior executive team, receiving promotions to the Senior Vice President level.Craig Federighi (left) and Dan Riccio (right) Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as head of Mac Software Engineering in early 2011, but was not elevated to the senior executive team at that time.  Riccio is currently transitioning to lead Hardware Engineering as Bob Mansfield steps down.As senior vice president of Mac Software Engineering, Federighi will continue to be responsible for the development of Mac OS X and Apple’s common operating system engineering teams. Federighi worked at NeXT, followed by Apple, and then spent a decade at Ariba where he held several roles including vice president of Internet Services and chief technology officer. He returned to Apple in 2009 to lead Mac OS X engineering. Federighi holds a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.Riccio, as senior vice president of Hardware Engineering, will lead the Mac, iPhone, iPad and iPod engineering teams. He has been instrumental in all of Apple’s iPad products since the first generation iPad. Riccio joined Apple in 1998 as vice president of Product Design and has been a key contributor to most of Apple’s hardware over his career. Dan earned a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1986.Apple has also announced that Mansfield will remain with the company
Read Full Article • 124 comments





Craig Federighi Succeeding Bertrand Serlet as Apple's Chief of Mac Software
Wednesday March 23, 2011 6:33 am PDT by Eric Slivka
Bertrand Serlet (Apple) Apple today announced that Bertrand Serlet, senior vice president of Mac Software Engineering, will be departing the company in order to "focus less on products and more on science", although his specific destination remains unknown.  Serlet joined Steve Jobs at NeXT in 1989, and transitioned to Apple in 1997 when NeXT was acquired and Jobs brought back to lead Apple. "I've worked with Steve for 22 years and have had an incredible time developing products at both NeXT and Apple, but at this point, I want to focus less on products and more on science," said Bertrand Serlet, Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Craig Federighi demoing Mac OS X Snow Leopard (Reuters) Serlet will be replaced by Craig Federighi, currently Apple's vice president of Mac Software Engineering and who has led Mac OS X engineering for the past two years.  Federighi is another former NeXT and Apple employee who spent ten years at Ariba before returning to Apple in 2009.  Serlet notes that the transition should be seamless given Federighi's role in leading the current Mac OS X team. "Craig has done a great job managing the Mac OS team for the past two years, Lion is a great release and the transition should be seamless."Serlet has occasionally appeared at Apple keynote and media events over the years to introduce Mac OS X-related features, and thus well known to longtime Apple followers.  Federighi has made a couple of on-stage appearances since his return to Apple, demoing Mac OS X Snow Leopard at WWDC 2009 and showing off some of the features of Apple's
Read Full Article • 142 comments



Archives
Newer Posts
Older Posts










Upcoming




iPhone 8 Fall 2017
New design with full-front display and no Home button expected.





HomePod December
Siri-based speaker unveiled at WWDC, launching December 2017.





iMac Pro December
High-end iMac Pro in Space Gray will start at $4999.






More MacRumors Stories


Apple Teams Up With Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson for Siri Movie
5 hours ago on  Front Page
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson today announced that he's teamed up with Apple for a movie that co-stars Apple's AI-based personal assistant, Siri. 
 
According to the poster tweeted by...
173 comments


Latest Drone Footage Reveals Landscaping Progress in Apple Park's Inner Circle
13 hours ago on  Front Page
Drone videographer Duncan Sinfield posted a new video on his YouTube channel today, offering a "late July" bird's eye view of Apple Park, the company's new headquarters in Cupertino,...
58 comments


Apple Stores Getting All-New 'Lead' and 'Schedule Planner' Positions
2 days ago on  Front Page
MacRumors has learned that Apple is introducing two all-new Apple Store positions named Lead and Schedule Planner. Apple today informed existing retail employees that applications open Monday, July...
90 comments


Verizon Throttling Netflix Traffic as Part of Temporary Video Optimization Test
2 days ago on  Front Page
Some Verizon Wireless users this week began noticing throttled streaming speeds when watching content from streaming services like Netflix and YouTube, and Verizon today confirmed to Ars Technica...
127 comments


Apple Appoints Deirdre O'Brien to New 'Vice President of People' Role
2 days ago on  Front Page
Apple today announced that it is promoting Deirdre O'Brien to a new head HR role, "vice president of People." O'Brien, who previously served as vice president of Worldwide Sales and...
78 comments


Apple Has Spent Record $2.2 Million Lobbying Trump Administration Over Past Three Months
2 days ago on  Front Page
Apple spent an all-time high $2.2 million lobbying Donald Trump's federal government between April 1 and June 30, 2017, according to a disclosure form filed by the Office of the Clerk of the...
128 comments


ARKit Roundup: Turn-by-Turn Directions, Precise Room Measurements, and Pac-Man
2 days ago on  Front Page
Since the announcement of Apple's new augmented reality developer platform at WWDC in June, developers have been sharing interesting new AR experiences on iOS devices, including practical...
45 comments


Samsung's Galaxy Note 8 Expected to Debut at Upcoming August 23 Event
3 days ago on  Front Page
Samsung today sent out invitations announcing an upcoming Unpacked event set to be held on August 23 in New York City. 
 
The South Korean company is widely expected to introduce its...
211 comments


• Apple May Replace Some Original Apple Watch Models in Need of Repair With Series 1 Models (120)

• Apple Updates 'Clips' Video App With Disney Characters, New Graphics Overlays (31)

• Apple Reportedly Working With Chinese Manufacturer of Electric Vehicle Batteries (94)

• TSMC Rumored to Be Sole Supplier of A-Series iPhone Chips in 2018 (33)

• Changes to iCloud Put Apple on Collision Course With Governments Seeking Access to Encrypted Messages (127)

• Steve Jobs Opera Premieres in Santa Fe This Saturday (69)

• DreamWorks Founder Jeffrey Katzenberg Met With Apple About His Mobile-Focused TV Network (41)



Recent Comments
Mac Rumors Articles
• Latest Drone Footage Reveals Landscaping Progress in Apple Park's Inner Circle (58)

• Apple Teams Up With Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson for Siri Movie (173)

• Apple Appoints Deirdre O'Brien to New 'Vice President of People' Role (78)

• Apple Stores Getting All-New 'Lead' and 'Schedule Planner' Positions (90)

• Researchers Exploit Safari Security Hole in Five Seconds at PWN2OWN (285)

Mac Blog
• Review: Elgato's $300 Thunderbolt 3 Dock Offers a Solid Set of Ports in a Slim Design (75)

• iFixit Debuts New Fix Kits for At-Home Retina MacBook Pro Battery Replacement (28)

• Panic Releases Transmit 5 With Major Improvements, but No Mac App Store Version (53)

• Security Experts Wary as 1Password Subscriptions Push Users to Cloud-Based Vaults (364)

• Microsoft Partners With Johnson Controls for New Cortana Thermostat 'GLAS' (34)

iOS Blog
• Wisconsin Resident Sues Apple For Over $75,000, Claims Defective iPhone Caused House Fire (114)

• Firefox 8.0 for iOS Brings New Tab Experience, Night Mode, and QR Code Reader (31)

• SwiftKey Update Brings Emoji Prediction, 'Oxygen' Themes, and More Languages (24)

• iPhone Can Scan QR Codes Directly in Camera App on iOS 11 (49)

• Report Claims LG Will Be Sole Supplier of Batteries for Next Year's 'iPhone 9' (27)

Buying Tips
• iMac Recommendation? (0)

• i5 vs i7 (24)

• deleted (0)

• Upgrading from MacBook White 2010 to MacBook Air (8)

• Where is cheaper in Europe? (16)

Mac Hardware
• AMD Polaris GPUs Plug and Play in macOS 10.12.6 & 10.13 (89)

• 5.1 upgrade path - Diminishing returns? (4)

• Imac startup long beep problem (0)

• Ordered new iMac 2017, what's your ETA? (682)

• does RAM price go down after 1-2 years? (0)

Mac Software
• "Currency converter" widget stopped working! (0)

• 5 ANNOYING BUGS A SERIOUS DAW NEVER SHOULD ALLOW (1)

• RECOVERING MISSING SPACE DESIGN LEGACY REVERB UNITS PRESETS (0)

• What's Your Preferred Browser? (28)

• Wrote an MP3 player app (open source, GitHub link included) (30)

MacBook Air
• MacBook Air won't turn on (34)

• Lightweight linux distro for MBA 2015? (28)

• Migration Assistant over USB? (3)

• unmounted internal HD (0)

• MacBook Air 2011 OS? (23)

Apple TV
• Is the Apple TV dead ???? (192)

• Stuttering video when mirroring (3)

• Looking for iMovie Theater Alternative (20)

• Music App constantly crashing. (0)

• Trying to remux a broken MP4 (5)

iPad
• A light rant on the Mini situation (10)

• iPad Pro 10.5" Speaker Volume Low (40)

• I solved the first gen 12.9 multi-tasking and floating app issue (3)

• iPad Pro 10.5 for University Note Taking? (14)

• Does your 10.5 have a yellow band/warm bottom edge in portrait? (464)

iPhone
• I hope this is a fake (iPhone 8) (41)

• Foxconn insider team will be issuing a massive report on the latest units for iPhone (27)

• Siri can't hear me on new iPhone 7 Plus (10)

• iPhone 8: Touch ID on back of phone (again) (20)

• Which features tempt you to upgrade your iPhone? (12)

iPod Touch
• "Find My iPod" without Internet Access (18)

• Chances iPod Touch will be updated? (64)

• iPod touch 6th Gen: How's the battery life? (167)

• Frustration with iPod Touch and 5 computer limits (17)

• Time lapse with stabilisation?! (3)

iPod and iTunes
• Calling all iPod collectors... (1817)

• Dream iPod nano (re-do 1st gen) (1)

• Why the hate on iTunes? (60)

• My iPod Classic Has Suffered An Almost Terminal Collapse Tonight (7)

• Deleted songs still on ipod (0)

Mac Gaming
• The EVE Online Thread (info and discussion) (121)

• Space Combat Sims (84)

• I need a new graphic card. (4)

• The Worst Game You Ever Bought? (83)

• "Mining" Graphics Cards... What? (5)

Mac Programming
• Does Cocoa have a LINQ equivalent? (0)

• Converting hexadecimal to text in python (2)

• Remove delimiter section from filename with Automator (2)

• XCode "invalid character in source file" (15)

• ...I need help.  Need to create a script. (1)

Mac OS X Server
• Internet domains are unreachable occasionally. (0)

• How to turn off Server Website (SSL) in OS X Server (7)

• Netgear Orbi (34)

• Is Apple really abandoning the AirPort Extreme? (12)

• Airport Express (for Airplay) on a non Airport WLAN (1)

Digital Video
• Can I work on an iMovie project from an external harddrive (14)

• Why can't Digital Camcorder have more internal storage? (4)

• What kind of drone are you all using? (35)

• My first ever professional work - Company commerical (1)

• Choppy DVD Playback (15)

Digital Photography
• Photo of the day July 2017 (527)

• Lightweight Tether Auto Crop Software (1)

• Weekly Photo Contest: July 17 - July 24 – Blurred Motion (26)

• Using the dji spark for photography! (20)

• New Lr Mobile release (2)

Design & Graphics
• Modern Website Design Trends (3)

• Input on workspace design (5)

• best software for this? (8)

• Looking for best logo design software for an "amateur" (52)

• Matt screens on iMacs? (10)

Web Development
• Tumblr or WordPress (8)

• Help with an HTML email? (8)

• Why is website design so awful today, generally? (51)

• Need to revamp my website, need advice on a new web designer (9)

• Anyone know about online appointment scheduling software? (13)

Other Mac Topics
• Possible Ransomware? (22)

• Windows 10S - is this where macOS will be headed? (20)

• Backup (iMac, MacBooks, iPhones, iPad) and Cloud Services (1)

• Hard drive testing software (8)

• Tips needed for Apple Recruitment event (1)

Other News
• Job's said it was a bag of hurt, yet ... (89)

• Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington dies. (7)

• Martin Landau RIP (7)

• Amazon [to sell] Kenmore [appliances] (2)

• Are you buying SNAP tomorrow? (16)

Community
• 2017 Formula 1 Season Thread (727)

• Post Your "About This Mac" Screenshots... (3314)

• Post Your iPhone Wallpaper (52)

• What Book Are You Reading? (4870)

• Best cheap travel websites/apps (1)

Site Comments
• Get Email Notifications for Likes? (7)

• A new moderator - welcome thread (43)

• Thread Prefixes (3)

• Entire site is nearing "unusable state" (3)

• Main website looks weird on iPad in portrait (6)










 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience
        of both consumers and professionals interested in
        the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on
purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms.
Advertise on MacRumors


Our Staff

Arnold Kim
Editorial Director
Email • Twitter 


Eric Slivka
Editor in Chief
Email  • Twitter 


Juli Clover
Editor
Email • Twitter 


Joe Rossignol
Editor
Email • Twitter 


Marianne Schultz
Editor
Email • Twitter


Matt Gonzalez
Video Content Producer
Email • Twitter


Mitchel Broussard
Contributing Editor
Email • Twitter 


Tim Hardwick
Contributing Writer
Email • Twitter


Chris Jenkins
Contributing Writer
Email • Twitter







                                	Links
                                


Touch Arcade

Pokemon Go Fest in Chicago Recap: Connectivity Issues, Angry Crowds, and RefundsThe Podcast Will Be Posted on Monday!TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!)TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Layton's Mystery Journey'Out Now Part 2: 'The Franz Kafka Videogame', 'Don't Drop Meo', 'Trivia Guy', 'Run Jump Die', 'Brainful', 'Strikers 1945 World War' and MoreNew 'Cat Quest' Video Shows Off Overworld Exploration Ahead of the Game's August 10th Release






YouTube


iPad Pro Leather Sleeve Review!Apple Pencil Case Hands-On!New Emoji Coming in iOS 11!What's New in iOS 11 Beta 3!Will Facial Recognition Replace Touch ID in the iPhone 8?











                                Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure

Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD















Check out Craig Federighi, one of Fast Company's Most Creative People











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementMost Creative PeopleCraig FederighiSenior Vice President of Software Engineering, Apple | Cupertino, CAAs senior vice president of software engineering at Apple, Craig Federighi oversees development of the company’s operating systems. He began his career working for Steve Jobs at NeXT, but left shortly after the company was acquired by Apple in late 1996, spending a decade at Ariba before returning to Apple in 2009. Upon his return, Federighi was put in charge of Mac software engineering; following Scott Forstall’s departure in October 2013, he took over mobile software engineering as well and combined some of the two teams’ functions. He frequently appears at Apple’s WWDC conferences to speak and present new Apple products. Read MoreadvertisementadvertisementStories about Craig FederighiFast CompanyWhy A Touchscreen MacBook Probably Isn’t Happening Anytime Soon, According To AppleIn an interview to celebrate the Mac’s 30th anniversary, Apple executives reveal some interesting hints into the company’s future plans.
advertisementadvertisementadvertisementadvertisementIdeasIdeasIs Your Country Ready For A Catastrophe?IdeasThe Philanthropy World Is Frightened That Trump’s Tax Plan Is Going To Slow DonationsIdeasCould Hawaii Be The First State To Offer A Basic Income?EntertainmentEntertainmentHere Are The Trailers You’ve Missed From San Diego Comic-Con So FarEntertainmentOpen Letter To SNL: Please Let Melissa McCarthy Do Spicey On TV Right NowEntertainment“Fairy Lives Don’t Matter”: Will Smith’s Fantasy Cop Movie On Netflix Is a Racial AllegoryCo.DesignProductGo Inside The ISS, The Most Expensive Structure Ever BuiltProductThis Rotary Phone Is A Delightfully Analog Way To Read The WebProductSomeday You Could Swallow This Wireless Robot Like A PillFast CompanyLeadershipSix Words And Phrases That Make Everyone Hate Working With YouEntertainmentHere Are The Trailers You’ve Missed From San Diego Comic-Con So FarLeadershipFour Work-Life Questions To Ponder On Vacation This Summer






                           Apple VP: The FBI wants to roll back safeguards that keep us a step ahead of criminals - The Washington Post                                                                      2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                    Opinions Apple VP: The FBI wants to roll back safeguards that keep us a step ahead of criminals            The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                    On Feb. 25, Apple filed a motion opposing a court order to help the FBI unlock the iPhone belonging to a San Bernardino shooter. Here's everything you need to know about Apple vs. the FBI. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)    By Craig Federighi  By Craig Federighi  March 6, 2016      Craig Federighi is senior vice president of software engineering at Apple. He first joined Apple in 1997.   As the head of software engineering at Apple, I think nothing is more important than the safety of all of our customers. Even as we strive to deliver delightful experiences to users of iPhones, iPads and Macs, our team must work tirelessly to stay one step ahead of criminal attackers who seek to pry into personal information and even co-opt devices to commit broader assaults that endanger us all. Sadly, these threats only grow more serious and sophisticated over time. In just the past 18 months, hackers have repeatedly breached the defenses of retail chains, banks and even the federal government, making off with the credit card information, Social Security numbers and fingerprint records of millions of people.  But the threat to our personal information is just the tip of the iceberg. Your phone is more than a personal device. In today’s mobile, networked world, it’s part of the security perimeter that protects your family and co-workers. Our nation’s vital infrastructure — such as power grids and transportation hubs — becomes more vulnerable when individual devices get hacked. Criminals and terrorists who want to infiltrate systems and disrupt sensitive networks may start their attacks through access to just one person’s smartphone.  That’s why my team works so hard to stay ahead.         1 of 39       Full Screen Autoplay  Close                                                                                                   Skip Ad   ×           Apple: A history of one of the world’s most valuable companies      View Photos   Here’s a look back some key moments in Apple’s evolution.    Caption   A look back at the tech giant’s evolution.    Apple was founded in a garage by Steve Jobs, pictured here, and Steve Wozniak. The young entrepreneurs brought different strengths to their fledgling company: Jobs had a flair for conceptualizing products, while Wozniak had the technical know-how to make them happen. In this 1977 photo, Steve Jobs introduces the Apple II, one of the company’s early successes. AP  Buy Photo          Wait 1 second to continue.           The encryption technology built into today’s iPhone represents the best data security available to consumers. And cryptographic protections on the device don’t just help prevent unauthorized access to your personal data — they’re also a critical line of defense against criminals who seek to implant malware or spyware and to use the device of an unsuspecting person to gain access to a business, public utility or government agency. Of course, despite our best efforts, nothing is 100 percent secure. Humans are fallible. Our engineers write millions of lines of code, and even the very best can make mistakes. A mistake can become a point of weakness, something for attackers to exploit. Identifying and fixing those problems are critical parts of our mission to keep customers safe. Doing anything to hamper that mission would be a serious mistake. That’s why it’s so disappointing that the FBI, Justice Department and others in law enforcement are pressing us to turn back the clock to a less-secure time and less-secure technologies. They have suggested that the safeguards of iOS 7 were good enough and that we should simply go back to the security standards of 2013. But the security of iOS 7, while cutting-edge at the time, has since been breached by hackers. What’s worse, some of their methods have been productized and are now available for sale to attackers who are less skilled but often more malicious.  To get around Apple’s safeguards, the FBI wants us to create a backdoor in the form of special software that bypasses passcode protections, intentionally creating a vulnerability that would let the government force its way into an iPhone. Once created, this software — which law enforcement has conceded it wants to apply to many iPhones — would become a weakness that hackers and criminals could use to wreak havoc on the privacy and personal safety of us all. I became an engineer because I believe in the power of technology to enrich our lives. Great software has seemingly limitless potential to solve human problems — and it can spread around the world in the blink of an eye. Malicious code moves just as quickly, and when software is created for the wrong reason, it has a huge and growing capacity to harm millions of people.  Security is an endless race — one that you can lead but never decisively win. Yesterday’s best defenses cannot fend off the attacks of today or tomorrow. Software innovations of the future will depend on the foundation of strong device security. We cannot afford to fall behind those who would exploit technology in order to cause chaos. To slow our pace, or reverse our progress, puts everyone at risk.                        opinions   Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters      true     The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters.   Try 1 month for 99¢             Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                                Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1    Opinion  This presidency can’t be saved. It’s all downhill from here.       2    Opinion  The clock may have just run out on the White House press corps       3    Analysis  No matter what he does, history says Trump will never be popular       4    Opinion  No, Trump can’t pardon himself. The Constitution tells us so.       5    Opinion  What we can all learn from John McCain            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   opinions       Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     


Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Craig Federighi - Wikipedia





















 






Craig Federighi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Craig Federighi


Born
(1969-05-27) May 27, 1969 (age 48)


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of California, Berkeley (B.S., M.S.)


Occupation
SVP of Software Engineering at Apple Inc.


Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. Federighi oversees the development of iOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.[1][2]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career

2.1 NeXT
2.2 Return to Apple

2.2.1 Public image




3 See also
4 References



Early life[edit]
After graduating from Acalanes High School in Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Master of Science degree in Computer Science and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.[3] He is of Italian descent.[4] Federighi was married as of 2014 and has four children, all daughters.[5][6]
Career[edit]
NeXT[edit]
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework.[7] He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.
Return to Apple[edit]
He returned to Apple in 2009 and led macOS engineering. On March 23, 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple,[8] and on August 27, 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook.[2] On October 29, 2012, upon the announcement of Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to Mac Software Engineering.[9] As of September 2016, Federighi is reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$58 million.[10]
Public image[edit]
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his somewhat bouffant hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush.
His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014.[11][12] At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple’s new programming language Swift as an open-source project.[13] In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
See also[edit]

Angela Ahrendts
Jony Ive
Dan Riccio

References[edit]

^ "Apple Press Info - Craig Federighi". Apple. Retrieved 28 January 2013. 
^ a b "Craig Federighi, Apple’s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering Join Apple’s Executive Team as Senior Vice Presidents". Apple Press Release. 27 Aug 2012. Retrieved 28 Aug 2012. 
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=8213759&ticker=AAPL&previousCapId=24937&previousTitle=APPLE%20INC
^ http://overpress.it/2014/06/05/craig-federighi-litaloamericano-sta-rivoluzionando-apple/
^ Whitney, Lance. "Tim Cook talks Apple secrecy on Mac's 30th anniversary". CNET. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ "Spooky fun ahead: Los Altos offers an array of Halloween activities". Los Altos Town Crier. Retrieved 9 November 2015. 
^ Josh Lowensohn (24 March 2011). "Who is Apple's new Mac guy?". CNET. Retrieved 10 July 2012. 
^ "Bertrand Serlet to Leave Apple". Apple Press Release. Apple. March 23, 2011. Retrieved 14 June 2012. 
^ "Apple Announces Changes to Increase Collaboration Across Hardware, Software & Services". Apple Inc. 2012-10-29. Archived from the original on October 29, 2012. Retrieved 2012-10-29. 
^ "CRAIG FEDERIGHI Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-09-14. 
^ "'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote". Mashable. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "Craig Federighi may give Apple a new jolt". USA Today. Retrieved 2 June 2014. 
^ "One of Apple's Biggest Success Stories Takes a Huge Leap Forward". Business Insider. Retrieved Jun 8, 2015. 







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Key figures in the history of Apple Inc.



Primary founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak





CEOs



Michael Scott (1977–1981)
Mike Markkula (1981–1983)
John Sculley (1983–1993)
Michael Spindler (1993–1996)
Gil Amelio (1996–1997)
Steve Jobs (1997–2011)
Tim Cook (2011–present)





Employees



Angela Ahrendts
Fred D. Anderson
Bill Atkinson
Susan Barnes
Chrisann Brennan
Steve Capps
Satjiv S. Chahil
George Crow
Chris Espinosa
Craig Federighi
Bill Fernandez
Scott Forstall
Jean-Louis Gassée
Ellen Hancock
Andy Hertzfeld
Bruce Horn
Guy Kawasaki
Susan Kare
Alan Kay
Daniel Kottke
Joanna Hoffman
Rod Holt
Jonathan Ive
Guerrino De Luca
Bob Mansfield
David Nagel
Ike Nassi
Don Norman
Rich Page
Jef Raskin
Jon Rubinstein
Phil Schiller
Bertrand Serlet
Johny Srouji
Burrell Smith
Avie Tevanian
Bud Tribble
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne
Del Yocam










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Craig_Federighi&oldid=786259092"					
Categories: Living peopleApple Inc. executivesUniversity of California, Berkeley College of Engineering alumniNeXTAmerican software engineersAmerican computer scientistsAmerican people of Italian descent1969 birthsHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoMalagasyNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Craig Federighi | Great world

































































Great world
Great people, places, things to know










Aug
21
2013

Image

									Craig Federighi							



Craig Federighi
 

Advertisements




 


Share this:SharePrintLinkedInPocketFacebookTumblrPinterestGoogleRedditEmailTwitterLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 






 
Search



  Recent Posts 

Yun Jong Yong, samsung


Yukon


Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer


Y. C. Deveshwar


Wolgan Valley Resort and Spa


 Categories 
other

people


Tagsaishwarya
Aqeel
arun jaitley
Australia
Bangkok
Barbara
Beach
Bela Sehgal
Bridge
Bush
business
Cala
Carmen Electra
central
Chennai
chief
China
City
district
dutta
earth
Ecuador
Estella Warren
Fardeen Khan
Florida
former
fort
Four
grand
Gudi
gutta
Heidi Klum
Hema Malini
Hong Kong
Hotel
house
india
Indonesia
ins vikrant
island
Jennifer Lopez
John
Kapoor
Khan
Kumar
Lara
Maria
Minister
nargis fakhri
new
New York
Palace
Paris.
poses
President
Prime
reserve
Resort
Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Seasons
Seychelles
Spain
Sridevi
Taj
Taj Mahal
temple
Thailand
trade
Valley
Victoria
Vietnam
view
wife
World
ZhanjiangRecent CommentsArchives 
August 2013

Recent CommentsCategories 
other

people


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 
 













Post to



Cancel







 











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			









 
 
%d bloggers like this:






































































































































Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
