








Hill A. Feinberg | HilltopSecurities




















Close





Log In
Menu



View all of About Us

Our Mission and Values
History
Hilltop Holdings and Related Companies
Corporate Leadership
Community Involvement





SoundGuidance
Corporate Leadership: Hill A. Feinberg






Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Department / Office LocationExecutive / Dallas, TexasEducation Bachelor’s degree in finance from the University of Georgia’s Terry College of BusinessCurrent Affiliations  Member of the board of directors of Energy XXI (Bermuda) Chairman of the board of directors of the Phoenix Houses of Texas; Board member of the Cardiopulmonary Research Science and Technology Institute; Member of the Board of Trustees of St. Mark’s School of Texas and the University of Georgia Terry School of Business Dean’s Advisory Council.Registrations and Qualification Exams*Series 7, 24, 53, 79, 99
*To become registered and licensed to offer securities, state and federal law require HilltopSecurities financial professionals to pass qualifying exams administered by FINRA to demonstrate their competencies for the securities activities they perform. 










×





;
            
















 


 



					Hill A. Feinberg				 - 2008 Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient - Terry College of Business - University of Georgia






















University of Georgia


Toggle Dropdown


UGAMail
Athena
eLC
UGA Bulletin
Master Calendar










Terry College of Business









Search Terry websites

Search

















Home  →   Newsroom  →   Awards + Recognition
					→ Alumni Awards
					→ 					Hill A. Feinberg				
				
						



													Hill A. Feinberg				
								
																			BBA 1969									

2008 Distinguished Alumni Award Recipient






 Chairman and CEO, First Southwest Company 
Hill A. Feinberg is the chairman and CEO of First Southwest Co., based in Dallas. First Southwest is a privately held investment banking firm that established its prominence in the public finance arena, most notably for its work in the 1970s developing the financial plan that made the Alaska pipeline a reality.
More recently they have financed sports arenas, airports, toll roads and secondary schools. Under Feinberg’s leadership since 1991, First Southwest has continued to expand its investment banking expertise to include debt, equity and clearing services. It has become the second largest financial advisor to municipal governments in the country.
A native of Columbus, Ga., Feinberg received his bachelor’s degree in finance from UGA in 1969. He was a chancellor for Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity and earned a scholarship for being named an outstanding student chancellor. After graduation, he joined the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, serving as first lieutenant in Vietnam from 1970 to 1971.
Before joining First Southwest, Feinberg was a senior managing director at Bear Stearns & Co. and a vice president and manager of Salomon Brothers in the Dallas office.
Feinberg is a past chairman of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the self-regulatory organization with responsibility for setting the rules that govern the municipal securities activities of registered brokers. As chairman, he led a review of the use of derivatives in the municipal market, encouraged timelier disclosure policies related to municipal securities and initiated a review of Rule G-37 involving restrictions for dealers on contributions to political candidates.
His business affiliations include serving as a member of the boards of Compass Bancshares, Energy XXI Ltd., and the Greater Dallas Chamber. His civic and charitable service includes chairing the board of directors of the Phoenix Houses of Texas and the MBM Foundation, which is the governing board of the partnership between Menninger Clinic and the Baylor College of Medicine. He also is a board member of the Cardiopulmonary Research Science and Technology Institute, St. Mark’s School of Texas and he serves on the board of visitors of the UT Southwestern Health System.
Feinberg and his wife Renée have two sons, Steven and Max.

Award Recipient Video 














Hill A. Feinberg | Hilltop Holdings




































Hill A. Feinberg
Chairman and CEO




Overview
Chairman and CEO, Mr. Feinberg reports directly to Hilltop CEO Jeremy B. Ford. This is a continuation of Mr. Feinberg’s previous role with FirstSouthwest, as he has served as Chairman and CEO of First Southwest since 1991. Before joining FirstSouthwest, he was a senior managing director at Bear Stearns & Co. and a vice president and manager of Salomon Brothers in the Dallas office.























Hill A. Feinberg - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Hill A. Feinberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hilltop Securities at Hilltop Holdings Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Hill A. Feinberg? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Hill A. Feinberg's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Hill A. Feinberg's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Hill A. Feinberg's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Hill A. Feinberg through your network of contacts.
												








Hill A. Feinberg's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hilltop Securities, 
Hilltop Holdings Inc.


Board Member, 
Energy XXI Ltd.


Past
To view Hill A. Feinberg's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
70

 
 


Hill A. Feinberg's Biography



Mr. Feinberg serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop Securities, a continuation of Mr. Feinberg's previous role with First Southwest since 1991. He has also served as a director of Hilltop since our acquisition of PlainsCapital in November 2012. He previously served as a director of PlainsCapital from December 31, 2008 (in conjunction with PlainsCapital's acquisition of First Southwest) to November 2012. Prior to joining First Southwest, Mr. Feinberg was a senior managing director at Bear Stearns & Co. Mr. Feinberg is a past chairman of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the self-regulatory organization with responsi ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Feinberg serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop Securities, a continuation of Mr. Feinberg's previous role with First Southwest since 1991. He has also served as a director of Hilltop since our acquisition of PlainsCapital in November 2012. He previously served as a director of PlainsCapital from December 31, 2008 (in conjunction with PlainsCapital's acquisition of First Southwest) to November 2012. Prior to joining First Southwest, Mr. Feinberg was a senior managing director at Bear Stearns & Co. Mr. Feinberg is a past chairman of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the self-regulatory organization with responsibility for authoring the rules that govern the municipal securities activities of registered brokers. Mr. Feinberg also is a member of the board of directors of Energy XXI (Bermuda) Limited, a public company. Mr. Feinberg also formerly served as a member of the board of directors of Compass Bancshares, Inc. and Texas Regional Bancshares, Inc., as an advisory director of Hall Phoenix Energy, LLC and as the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of General Cryogenics, Inc.
		
Source: Hilltop Holdings Inc. on 05/08/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Hill A. Feinberg's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Hill A. Feinberg. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Hill A. Feinberg's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Hill A. Feinberg's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Hill A. Feinberg through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Hill A. Feinberg


















Hill A. Feinberg's Connections (158)





Sign up now to view Hill A. Feinberg's 158 connections »









Bruce W. Busmire
Chief Financial Officer, Energy XXI Ltd.









William C. McManemin
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dorchester Minerals, L.P.









Harold H. Montgomery
Former Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, MoneyOnMobile









Peter G. Traber
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Galectin Therapeutics, Inc.









H. Ross Perot
Former Chairman of the Board, Perot Systems









Peter D. Kinnear
Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, FMC Technologies, Inc.









Kirbyjon H. Caldwell
Board Member, NRG Energy, Inc.









Corey G. Prestidge
General Counsel and Secretary, Hilltop Holdings Inc.









Hugh A. Menown
Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Energy XXI Ltd.









William B. Furr
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Hilltop Holdings Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Hill Arnold  Feinberg: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 9:44 AM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Hilltop Holdings Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Hill Arnold  Feinberg  Director, Chairman of Hilltop Securities and Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop Securities, Hilltop Holdings Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships70$1,568,171As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Hill Arnold Feinberg serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop Securities. Mr. Feinberg served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop Securities Inc. since 1991. Mr. Feinberg served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at First Southwest Holdings, Inc. He has total of 25 years in this industry, majority of the time as Managing Director at Bear, Stearns & Co Inc., Dallas, TX. Prior positions included ... Senior Managing Director of Bear Stearns & Co. and Vice President and Manager of Salomon Brothers' Dallas office. He joined the United States Army Corps of Engineers, serving as 1st Lieutenant in Vietnam from 1970 to 1971. He serves as the Chairman of Phoenix House Foundation, Inc. He was chairman of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. He served as  an Independent Non Executive Director at Energy XXI Ltd. (Former Name: Energy XXI (Bermuda) Limited) from May 7, 2007 to December 30, 2016 and served as  its Lead Independent Director from February 2, 2011 to December 30, 2016. He served as a Director for PlainsCapital Corporation since December 31, 2008. He serves as a Director of First Southwest Company. He has been a Director of Hilltop Holdings Inc. since November 30, 2012. He served as a Director of Texas Regional Bancshares Inc. since 2005. He served a Director of First Southwest Holdings, LLC. His civic and charitable service includes Board Member of the cardiopulmonary Research Science and Technology Institute, a Member of the Executive Committee of St. Mark's School of Texas and a Board Member of Visitors of UT Southwestern Health System. He was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the MBM Foundation. Mr. Feinberg holds his Bachelor's degree in Finance from the University of Georgia in 1969, receiving the Distinguished Alumnus Award from the University of Georgia's Terry College of Business in May 2008.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
200 Crescent CourtDallas, Texas 75201United StatesPhone: 214-855-2177Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerHilltop Securities Inc.DirectorPhoenix House Foundation, Inc.2012-PresentDirector, Chairman of Hilltop Securities and Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop SecuritiesHilltop Holdings Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree 1969University of Georgia
Other Affiliations
Texas Regional Bancshares, Inc.PlainsCapital CorporationUniversity of GeorgiaHilltop Securities Inc.Phoenix House Foundation, Inc.First Southwest Holdings, LLCEnergy XXI Ltd.


Annual Compensation
Salary$500,000Total Annual Compensation$500,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$299,994All Other Compensation$18,177
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,268,177Total Short Term Compensation$500,000Other Long Term Compensation$318,171Total Calculated Compensation$1,568,171




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationCraig R. Dahl Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentTCF Financial Corporation$846.9KJohn Mariner Kemper Chairman, CEO, President, Chairman of UMB Bank Colorado NA and CEO of UMB Bank Colorado NAUMB Financial Corporation$862.1KMitchell S. Feiger Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Director of MB Financial BankMB Financial, Inc.$879.0KCort L. O’Haver CEO, President & DirectorUmpqua Holdings Corporation$565.0KRajinder P. Singh Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Director of Bankunited NABankUnited, Inc.$700.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hilltop Holdings Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 













Ceremony Celebrates Expansion of Dallas Drug Rehab Facility | Phoenix House

































































Phoenix House


Find treatment or support. 1 888 671 9392


Who We Help

Help for Me
Help for Loved Ones
Help for Teens
Programs & Services
Drug Info
Signs of Substance Abuse


About Us

Who We Are
History
Holistic Approach
Team of Experts
Executive Leadership
FAQ


Locations

California
New Hampshire
Connecticut
New York
Florida
Rhode Island
Maine
Texas
Maryland
Vermont
Massachusetts
Virginia
Metro D.C.
See All Locations


An Inside Look

Success Stories
Our Blog


Insurance
Contact Us






Home › News & Views › News & Events › The Hill A. Feinberg Academy...






The Hill A. Feinberg Academy Ribbon Cutting Ceremony
 Tuesday, November 15th, 2011




Mayor Pro Tem Pauline Medrano, Hill Feinberg, Mariela, Maeve O'Neill, Howard Meitiner

On Wednesday, October 19th, Phoenix Houses of Texas hosted a Ribbon Cutting Ceremony to celebrate the completion of the renovation and expansion of the Hill A. Feinberg Academy of Dallas, and to unveil and dedicate the Paul M. Bass, Jr. Road to Recovery. The Phoenix House Hill A. Feinberg Academy of Dallas is an innovative residential high school that combines substance abuse treatment with accredited Dallas Independent School District on-site education. Every year, the Academy’s residential program guides an average of 450 teenagers toward productive, drug-free lives through: residential, day and outpatient recovery care, counsel­ing, family services, life skills and prevocational training.

Lee Ann and Alan White, Betsy Sowell
The expansion added a new girls’ wing, allowing for 10 additional beds. A beautiful new modular building houses the Admissions and Assessments Department, as well as an Outpatient meeting space. The existing residential facility was renovated from the ground up and houses the boys’ dorms. The namesake Paul M. Bass, Jr. Road to Recovery honors the life and legacy of our late, beloved Phoenix Houses of Texas Board member, who helped champion our mission and paved the way for countless teens to access treatment at Phoenix House. Across the entire structure, both the new and the renovated spaces, the physical nature of our facilities now reflects the same excellence and pride we have in our clinical programs.
Debbie Oates, Christie Carter, April Bright of Crystal Charity Ball
Guests to the ceremony were treated to hors d’oeuvres and refreshments. We were joined by members of our Board of Directors, local dignitaries and elected officials, as well as loyal supporters and donors. We were honored to have special guests Carla Bass and the children of Paul M. Bass, Jr., Lee Ann and Alan White, Betsy Sowell, Linda and Bill Custard, Mayor Pro Tem Pauline Medrano, and Debbie Oates, April Bright, and Christie Carter of Crystal Charity Ball.  The ceremony was held on the grounds of the Feinberg Academy; our staff and clients were pleased to welcome our guests in attendance. Clients led tours of the facility, proud to display our beautiful, new look.

Hill and Renee Feinberg, Carla Bass, Maeve O'Neill
This extensive project started in 2009 with a pledge of $420,000 from the Crystal Charity Ball. Subsequently, several foundations and philanthropists in the Dallas area helped fund the remainder of the undertaking. Namely, we want to recognize the following major contributors who helped bring this project to fruition: Aileen and Jack Pratt Foundation, Horace C. Cabe Foundation, Renee’ & Hill Feinberg, Hillcrest Foundation, Hoblitzelle Foundation, the Gene & Jerry Jones Family, The Lupe Murchison Foundation, FirstSouthwest, T. Boone Pickens, PlainsCapital Corporation, Annette & Harold Simmons, Sturgis Educational & Charitable Trust, Lee Ann & Alan White, Betsy & Jim Sowell, and the many other donors of the 2011 Triumph for Teens Luncheon.

Share this page:



Print this page:



More News and Events





						Filed Under: Texas						, crystal charity ball, hill a. feinberg academy, lee ann and alan white, Paul M. Bass Jr., pauline medrano, Phoenix Houses of Texas, Ribbon Cutting Ceremony 





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.



Name*



E-mail* (will not be published)



Comment*






















Filter By States

All Locations


					California				



					Florida				



					Maine				



					Maryland				



					Massachusetts				



					Metro DC				



					New Hampshire				



					New York				



					Rhode Island				



					Texas				



					Vermont				



					Virginia				




Tagscrystal charity ballhill a. feinberg academylee ann and alan whitePaul M. Bass Jr.pauline medranoPhoenix Houses of TexasRibbon Cutting Ceremony 




 Our team can help.  1 888 671 9392


Connect


Facebook


Twitter


Pinterest


YouTube


Flickr


Instagram


RSS



Accreditations




Search



Contact Us
Referrals
Careers
Financials
Press
Support Us



© 2017 Phoenix House
Privacy Policy



 
























Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy - Dallas, TX | Rehab.com


























































For 24/7 Treatment Help Call: 




                  (888) 352-9771
                









 
































Texas


Dallas



                        Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy
                      




 Unverified
                        












                          Search
                        















                  Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy
                





 

                     0 Reviews 
                                      



                                    For nearly 50 years, Phoenix House has been a beacon of hope, offering the most vulnerable men, women, and children excellent and effective care, rebuilding shattered lives, reuniting families, and creating stronger communities. Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy offers residential and outpatient drug and alcohol abuse treatment to help teen boys and girls rebuild self-esteem and chart a path toward recovery.              
                  






















                            888-671-9392
                          









                          2345 Reagan street Dallas, TX 75219
                        









                              http://www.phoenixhouse.org/locations/texas/phoenix-house-feinberg-academy/
                            


























 Write a Review




      Focus
    




      Services
    




      Programs
    




      Treatment
    




      Therapies
    




      Highlights
    




      Intake
    




      Payment
    




      Accreditation
    













        Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy Focus:
                







                  Opiate Addiction
                

                  Opiate Addiction Treatment Centers specialize in supporting those recovering from opioid addiction. They treat those suffering from addiction to illegal opioids like heroin, as well as prescription drugs like oxycodone. These centers typically combine both physical as well as mental and emotional support to help stop addiction. Physical support often includes medical detox and subsequent medical support (including medication), and mental support includes in-depth therapy to address the underlying causes of addiction. 
                



                  Alcoholism
                

                  The goal of treatment for alcoholism is abstinence.  Those with poor social support, poor motivation, or psychiatric disorders tend to relapse within a few years of treatment. For these people, success is measured by longer periods of abstinence, reduced use of alcohol, better health, and improved social functioning. Recovery and Maintenance are usually based on 12 step programs and AA meetings.
                



                  Mental Health and Substance Abuse
                

                  A combined mental health and substance abuse treatment center has the staff and resources available to handle individuals with both mental health and substance abuse issues. It can be challenging to determine where a specific symptom stems from (a mental health issue or an issue related to substance abuse), so mental health and substance abuse professionals are helpful in detangling symptoms and keeping treatment on track. 
                








                Write a Review
              

                How effective was Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy?
              




 












Sunspire Health



                                    Mental Health, Substance, Drug And Alcohol Abuse
                              
|


                        888-337-8051
                    
                    |
                
                Private



                2200 Main Street Hilton Head, SC 29926
            




Ads by Rehab.com











        Rehab Services:
                  






                Medically Assisted Detox
              

                Drug and alcohol addiction often takes a heavy toll on one’s body. Over time, a physical dependence can develop, meaning the body physiologically needs the substance to function. Detox is the process of removing drugs and/or alcohol from the body, a process that can be lethal if mismanaged. Medical detox is done by licensed medical professionals who monitor vital signs and keep you safe, healthy, and as comfortable as possible as you go through detox and withdrawal. 
              



                Buprenorphine Detox and Treatment 
              

                Similar to methadone, buprenorphine is a drug meant to help with long-term treatment for opioid addiction. Those recovering from heroin addiction or other opiate addiction may be prescribed buprenorphine (Suboxone and Subutex) to help wean the body off of opioids safely, over time. Buprenorphine helps lessen the discomfort and danger of detox and withdrawal.
              










        What does Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy offer?
                  






                Intensive Outpatient (IOP)
              

                Intensive Outpatient programs are for those who want or need a very structured treatment program but who also wish to live at home and continue with certain responsibilities (such as work or school). IOP substance abuse treatment programs vary in duration and intensity, and certain outpatient rehab centers will offer individualized treatment programs. 
              



                Outpatient (OP)
              

                Outpatient programs are for those seeking mental rehab or drug rehab, but who also stay at home every night. The main difference between outpatient treatment (OP) and intensive outpatient treatment (IOP) lies in the amount of hours the patient spends at the facility. Most of the time an outpatient program is designed for someone who has completed an inpatient stay and is looking to continue their growth in recovery. Outpatient is not meant to be the starting point, it is commonly referred to as aftercare.
              



                Residential (inpatient) Treatment
              

                Residential treatment programs are those that offer housing and meals in addition to substance abuse treatment. Rehab facilities that offer residential treatment allow patients to focus solely on recovery, in an environment totally separate from their lives. Some rehab centers specialize in short-term residential treatment (a few days to a week or two), while others solely provide treatment on a long-term basis (several weeks to months). Some offer both, and tailor treatment to the patient's individual requirements.
              



                Intervention Services
              

                Intervention Services helps family or friends of addicts stage an intervention, which is a meeting in which loved ones share their concerns and attempt to get an addict into treatment. Professional intervention specialists can help loved ones organize, gather, and communicate with an addict. They can guide intervention participants in describing the damage the addict’s behavior is causing and that outside help is necessary to address the addiction. The ideal outcome of an intervention is for the addict to go to rehab and get the help they need.
              



                Dual Diagnosis/Co-Occurring Disorders Treatment
              

                Many of those suffering from addiction also suffer from mental or emotional illnesses like schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, depression, or anxiety disorders. Rehab and other substance abuse facilities treating those with a dual diagnosis or co-occurring disorder administer psychiatric treatment to address the person’s mental health issue in addition to drug and alcohol rehabilitation.
              










        Treatment Types:
                  






                Individualized Treatment
              

                Certain drug and alcohol rehab centers have standard treatment regimes they expect all patients to follow. Others offer individualized treatment, meaning they tailor treatment to a person’s specific background and needs. For example, a rehab facility may adjust a treatment program to take into account the type of drug or addiction from which the person suffers, their age, medical condition(s), religious beliefs, or lifestyle.
              



                12-Step
              

                12-step programs are addiction recovery models based on Alcoholics Anonymous (AA). A number of substance abuse programs (including some drug and alcohol rehab centers) use the 12 steps as a basis for treatment. Beginning steps involve admitting powerlessness over the addiction and creating a spiritual basis for recovery. Middle steps including making direct amends to those who've been hurt by the addiction, and the final step is to assist others in addiction recovery in the same way. 12-Step offshoots including Narcotics Anonymous (NA), Cocaine Anonymous (CA), Dual Recovery Anonymous (DRA), Sex & Love Addicts Anonymous (SLAA) and Gamblers Anonymous (GA).
              



                Family Program
              

                Research clearly demonstrates that recovery is far more successful and sustainable when loved ones like family members participate in rehab and substance abuse treatment. Genetic factors may be at play when it comes to drug and alcohol addiction, as well as mental health issues. Family dynamics often play a critical role in addiction triggers, and if properly educated, family members can be a strong source of support when it comes to rehabilitation. 
              



                Aftercare Support
              

                Completing a drug or alcohol rehab program shouldn’t spell the end of substance abuse treatment. Aftercare involves making a sustainable plan for recovery, including ongoing support. This can include sober living arrangements like halfway houses, career counseling, and setting a patient up with community  programs like Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) or Narcotics Anonymous (NA).
              










        Therapies Offered:
                  






                Holistic Therapy 
              

                Rather than focusing solely on addiction, holistic therapy facilities treat patients in terms of their whole being. Holistic therapy is about more than just addiction and sobriety – it addresses the person’s life in its entirety, including career, physical, familial, and spiritual aspects.
              



                Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) 
              

                Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) is a therapy modality that focuses on the relationship between one's thoughts, feelings, and behaviors. It is used to establish and allow for healthy responses to thoughts and feelings (instead of unhealthy responses, like using drugs or alcohol). CBT has been proven effective for recovering addicts of all kinds, and is used to strengthen a patient's own self-awareness and ability to self-regulate. CBT allows individuals to monitor their own emotional state, become more adept at   communicating with others, and manage stress without needing to engage in substance abuse.
              



                Individual Therapy
              

                In individual therapy, a patient meets one-on-one with a trained psychologist or counselor. Therapy is a pivotal part of effective substance abuse treatment, as it often covers root causes of addiction, including challenges faced by the patient in their social, family, and work/school life.
              



                Trauma Therapy
              

                Trauma therapy addresses traumatic incidents from a client's past that are likely affecting their present-day experience. Trauma is often one of the primary triggers and potential causes of addiction, and can stem from child sexual abuse, domestic violence, having a parent with a mental illness, losing one or both parents at a young age, teenage or adult sexual assault, or any number of other factors. The purpose of trauma therapy is to allow a patient to process trauma and move through and past it, with the help of trained and compassionate mental health professionals. 
              



                Group Therapy 
              

                Group therapy is any therapeutic work that happens in a group (not one-on-one). There are a number of different group therapy modalities, including support groups, experiential therapy, psycho-education, and more. Group therapy involves treatment as well as processing interaction between group members.
              



                Life Skills
              

                Life skills trainings involve all the skills a person must have in order to function successfully in the world. These include time management, career guidance, money management, and effective communication. Truly successful addiction recovery is based on the ability to not only live substance-free, but to thrive. Life skills teaches the practical necessities of functioning in society, which sets clients up for success in life, and therefore sobriety. 
              



                Creative Arts Therapy
              

                Creativity is inherently healing, and can help those in recovery express thoughts or feelings they might not otherwise be able to. Creative arts therapy can include music, poetry/writing, painting, sculpting, dance, theater, sandplay, and more. Unlike traditional art, the final product matters far less than the experience of creation and expression itself.
              










        Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy Highlights:
                  






		          Phoenix House’s Hill A. Feinberg Academy serves male and female teens ages 13 to 17 who struggle with alcohol, marijuana, or other substance abuse and co-occurring mental health issues. Treatment for clients in residential care includes individual, group, and family counseling and the evidence-based practices that match solutions to each individual’s treatment needs.
		        



		          Phoenix House offers specialized programming for adults, teens, women including mothers with young children, members of the military community, and those with co-occurring mental health problems. In addition, clients may engage in expressive arts, meditation, fitness, and other activities aimed at developing a healthy, sober lifestyle.
		        



		          Private
		        



		          Day School Available for patients
		        



		          Sober living home or Halfway house
		        












      Accreditation:
              





CARF


NAATP








      Payment:
              





Monthly Fee: $5,000.00


Private Health Insurance plans accepted


Medicaid may cover part or all of your addiction treatment costs.


State financed or Low cost Treatment


Treatment financing available


Cash payments accepted








      Related Articles
    



            Illicit Drugs 
          



            Opiates (Opioids)
          



            Rehab Questions
          



            Effective Addiction Therapy: How Does It Work?
          



            Get Treatment
          








                    Rehabs in Texas
                  









        Sunspire Health
      

          Mental Health, Substance, Drug And Alcohol Abuse
        



              888-337-6541
            
            |
                                Holistic Therapy 
                          |
                                  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) 
                              





Ads related to rehab in  Texas








      Sunspire Health - Heartland
    

                  Sunspire Health Heartland is a treatment facility in Gilman, Illinois offering individualized, patient-centered care for adult men and women suffering with addiction and co-occurring mental health disorders. Heartland is located on 33 acres of sprawling farmland about two hours south of Chicago.
              

                          https://sunspirehealth.com/
              














        Sunspire Health - County Road
      

          Mental Health, Substance, Drug And Alcohol Abuse
        

                                Holistic Therapy 
                          |
                                  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) 
                              













        Elevations Health - Oak Grove
      

          Mental Health, Substance, Drug And Alcohol Abuse
        

                                Holistic Therapy 
                          |
                                  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) 
                              












      Intake:
              





Facility for Children And Teenagers


Treatment for Men


Smoking is allowed as part of the treatment


Bilingual therapists and staff (Spanish)
















              Are you an Authorized Person of Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy?




              An Authorized Person is someone who is formally and properly empowered to act on behalf of Phoenix House - Hill A. Feinberg Academy
            




 YES


 NO


What is an Authorized Person?













              Copyright 2017 ©
              Rehab.com, LLC

              •

                For Immediate Treatment Help Call:
                
                  (888) 352-9771
                








Contact Us


Where do calls go? 


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use




              If you are experiencing a medical or psychiatric emergency, please call 911 or a local emergency number immediately.
              
              The information provided by
              Rehab.com, LLC
              is not a substitute for professional medical advice.
            














            For 24/7 Treatment Help Call
            


(888) 352-9771


















Rehab.com Sponsored Helpline:



          Are you or a loved one struggling with drug or alcohol abuse? Contact a Service Provider and start your new life today.
        

          Calls to a non-treatment center specific 1(8XX) number are routed to our paid sponsors and advertisers: Delphi Behavioral Health Group, LLC, Sunspire Health, LLC, ALLY Recovery Group Inc. and Elevations Health LLC.
        

          If you are experiencing a medical or psychiatric emergency, please call 911 or a local emergency number immediately.
        


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use























×













 






















