

Brian K. Ferraioli: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:56 AM ET
Electrical Equipment

Company Overview of Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Brian K. Ferraioli  Independent Director, Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships62$198,293
Background

		Mr. Brian K. Ferraioli served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of KBR, Inc. from October 28, 2013 to February 28, 2017. Mr. Ferraioli has more than 37 years of financial and accounting experience in the engineering and construction industries. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of The Shaw Group Limited. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President at The Shaw Group Inc. from October 2007 to February 13, 2013 ... and also served as its Interim Chief Accounting Officer from October 20, 2011 to January 2012, Principal Accounting Officer until January 26, 2012 and Executive Vice President of Finance from July 2007 to October 2007. He served in numerous financial roles at Foster Wheeler AG, where he began his career in 1979 as an Internal Auditor. He served as Vice President and Controller of Foster Wheeler AG from November 4, 2002 to June 21, 2007 and also served as its Acting Chief Financial Officer since January 30, 2004 and Principal Accounting Officer until June 21, 2007. He served with Foster Wheeler for 25 years. He served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Foster Wheeler USA Corporation and Foster Wheeler Power Systems, Inc. respectively. He served as Vice President of Project Finance of Foster Wheeler International, Reading, UK. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Foster Wheeler Iberia, Madrid, as well as an Assistant Controller of Foster Wheeler Italiana, Milan. He has been a Director of Adolfson & Peterson, Inc. since August 2013 and Vistra Energy Corp. since May 15, 2017. He has been an Independent Director of Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc./The Babcock & Wilcox Co since 2015. He served as a Director of BWX Technologies, Inc. from June 26, 2013 to June 30, 2015. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Ferraioli holds a Master of Business Administration with honors from Columbia University and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Seton Hall University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
13024 Ballantyne Corporate PlaceCharlotte, North Carolina 28277United StatesPhone: 704-625-4900Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentDirectorAdolfson & Peterson, Inc.2015-PresentIndependent DirectorBabcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc.2017-PresentDirectorVistra Energy Corp.
Education
MBA Columbia UniversityBS Seton Hall University
Other Affiliations
Foster Wheeler AGThe Shaw Group Inc.Columbia UniversityKBR, Inc.Seton Hall UniversityAdolfson & Peterson, Inc.The Shaw Group LimitedVistra Energy Corp.BWX Technologies, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$103,313Total Calculated Compensation$198,293




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRandal Wayne Baker Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorActuant Corporation$617.9KEugene Joseph Lowe IIICEO, President & DirectorSPX Corporation$784.1KF. Nicholas Grasberger III                                               CEO, President & DirectorHarsco Corporation$825.0KStephen J. Jones Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCovanta Holding Corporation$725.0KNaotaka  Miyauchi President and Representative DirectorThe Japan Steel Works, Ltd.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Brian Ferraioli – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending December 16, 2016
Posted on December 19, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Purch
Citizens Financial Group, Inc.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. 


FTD Companies, Inc. 
Avid®
Allegiance Bancshares, Inc.


Inventus Power
PointRight
Quantopian


Vapor Corp.
1-Page Limited 
Pitney Bowes


Voxello
Harte Hanks
Ayla Networks


TruStar Energy
Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.
Tailored Brands, Inc.


CPI Card Group
Zephyr
Nimbix


Justworks
Spire Capital Partners
Farmer Bros. Co.


Neighbors Health, LLC
Employers Holdings, Inc.
Track Group, Inc.


Darling Ingredients Inc.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.
Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC


Connecture, Inc.
Avangate
Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.


KBR, Inc.
The Palisades Group, LLC




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Andy Goldstein
Purch [NEW YORK] announced the appointment of Andy Goldstein as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Andy served as executive vice president and CFO of the New Jersey Devils, Philadelphia 76ers, and the Prudential Center Arena. Andy has held positions as EVP/CFO at InterMedia Outdoors, Inc., VP/CFO at Primedia Inc., and Director of Business Affairs at Sesame Street.com.
John F. Woods
Citizens Financial Group, Inc. [PROVIDENCE, R.I.] (NYSE: CFG) announced the appointment of John F. Woods as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Woods will succeed interim CFO John Fawcett. Woods joins Citizens from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG), where he has served as CFO of the Americas since 2013. Prior to that, he served as Vice Chairman and CFO for the predecessor company of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. Woods also has held senior finance leadership roles at JPMorgan Chase and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. [NEW YORK] announced the appointment of Johannes H. “Johs” Worsoe as Chief Financial Officer of MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation and its banking subsidiary MUFG Union Bank, N.A. Mr. Worsoe succeeds former MUFG Americas Chief Financial Officer John F. Woods, who is leaving the company. Mr. Worsoe joined the company in 2001 and most recently served as Head of Investment Banking & Markets (IB&M). Prior to his most recent role as head of IB&M, Mr. Worsoe was Chief Administrative Officer for the Americas for The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ. Ltd. Mr. Worsoe also served as Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Global and Wealth Markets for the former UnionBanCal Corporation and its former primary subsidiary, Union Bank N.A. Prior to 2001, when he joined legacy Union Bank, Mr. Worsoe held various investment banking and capital markets roles in Denmark, Spain and the U.S.
FTD Companies, Inc. [DOWNERS GROVE, Ill.] (NASDAQ: FTD) announced Stephen Tucker has been appointed Executive Vice President. Mr. Tucker also will succeed Becky Sheehan as FTD’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Tucker most recently served as Senior Vice President of Financial Operations at AT&T. Prior to AT&T’s acquisition of DIRECTV, Mr. Tucker served in many roles within DIRECTV, including SVP Financial Operations, Field Services, Supply Chain, Service and Repair, and Protection Plan teams, and SVP of Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer for DIRECTV Sports Networks. Prior to joining DIRECTV, Mr. Tucker served as Chief Financial Officer of FUN Technologies. Earlier in his career, Mr. Tucker spent 16 years with KPMG.
Avid [BURLINGTON, Mass.] (NASDAQ: AVID) announced that Brian E. Agle will become Avid’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Ilan Sidi, who served as interim Chief Financial Officer, and will resume his role as the Vice President of Human Resources for the company. Before joining Avid, Mr. Agle served as an Operating Advisor at Francisco Partners. Prior to joining Francisco Partners, Agle served as Chief Financial Officer at Rocket Software. Before joining Rocket, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Activant Solutions. Previously, Mr. Agle spent 14 years at Novell Inc. where he operated in several financial leadership roles including Vice President, CFO of Global Field Operations. Mr. Agle began his career with Ernst & Young.
Allegiance Bancshares, Inc. [HOUSTON] (NASDAQ: ABTX) announced Paul P. Egge has been appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of both Allegiance Bank and Allegiance Bancshares, Inc. Steven F. Retzloff, Chairman of Allegiance Bank and President of Allegiance Bancshares, Inc., will relinquish his interim Chief Financial Officer position. Most recently, Mr. Egge served as Senior Vice President, Director of Capital Planning and Corporate Development at Cadence Bank. Prior to joining Cadence, Mr. Egge served in various roles of increasing responsibility at Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated (“Baird”), Ryan Beck & Company, and FBR & Co.
Michael Foy
Inventus Power [WOODRIDGE, IL] announced it named Michael Foy as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Inventus Power as CFO in November 2016, Mr. Foy held various roles of increasing responsibility at Cisco Systems and was most recently vice president finance, CFO Americas. Before joining Cisco, Michael worked at Scientific-Atlanta, 3Com, U.S. Robotics, Abbott Laboratories and KPMG.
PointRight [BOSTON] announced the appointment of Michael Laureno as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PointRight, Laureno served as a strategic CFO.
Strategic Insight [NEW YORK & LONDON] announced the appointment of Karl Jaeger as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Mr. Jaeger was Chief Financial Officer, Global Transaction Banking Solutions at D+H Corporation and, before that, CFO at FundTech. Prior to FundTech, Mr. Jaeger was CFO at Wall Street Systems, the treasury and FX trading software company.
Quantopian [BOSTON] has hired Marc Volpe as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Quantopian, Mr. Volpe worked for three years as the Chief Financial Officer of Fort Warren Capital Management, LP. He also served as the Chief Compliance Officer at Regiment Capital, and was a manager in the audit practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he began his career in 1997.
Vapor Corp. [HOLLYWOOD, Fla.] (OTC Pink: VPCO) announced the Company has appointed John A. Ollet to serve as the Company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ollet previously served as Executive Vice President-Finance for Systemax, Inc. North America Technology Division from 2006 to 2016. His prior chief financial officer experience also includes serving as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Arrow Cargo Holdings, Inc., and VP Finance/CFO – The Americas – Cargo Division, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines.
1-Page Limited [SAN FRANCISCO, CA] announced it has hired Peter Kent as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. During the last ten years, Mr. Kent has been the CEO & CFO of Liquid Holdings Group, Inc., the Managing Partner of Eladian Partners LLC and the COO & CFO of Automated Trading Desk.
Stanley J. Sutula III
Pitney Bowes [STAMFORD, Conn.] announced that Stanley J. Sutula III has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Sutula succeeds Michael Monahan, who will continue with Pitney Bowes as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Sutula joins Pitney Bowes from IBM, where he was Vice President and Controller. Mr. Sutula joined IBM in 1998, and has held several leadership positions in the United States and in Europe in accounting and financial strategy. Most recently, Sutula was Vice President and Controller at IBM.
Voxello [CORALVILLE, Iowa] announced that Richard Wieland was appointed as a new member of the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Wieland will also serve as the interim Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Rich was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial officer of Unilife Corporation. Prior to Unilife he spent six years at two biotech companies in the drug discovery and development field. Previous to that Rich had P&L responsibility for two healthcare companies and was a member of the Board of Directors at Option Care Inc. His first CFO position was with LyphoMed Inc. Rich began his career at Procter & Gamble Company in Cincinnati, OH.
Harte Hanks [SAN ANTONIO, TX] (NYSE: HHS) announced that its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Doug Shepard, has resigned from the company. Mr. Shepard served as the company’s EVP and CFO since 2007. While the company conducts a formal search for his replacement, Robert Munden, the company’s EVP and General Counsel, will serve as interim CFO.
Ayla Networks [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] has named Tom Clark as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Ayla, he was CFO at Openwave Messaging Inc. Before Openwave, he was director of finance operations for Marlin Equity Partners. Earlier, he served as CFO and managed the worldwide finance operations of CollabNet. Before CollabNet, he worked for seven years at ProBusiness Services. Clark began his career with KPMG LLP.
TruStar Energy [WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.] announced that it has hired John Snell as its Chief Financial Officer. Snell spent the last 13 years with accounting firm Moss Adams, serving in various audit, consulting, accounting, operations and finance rolls. Most notably, he was named a partner in the firm in 2014.
Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. [GREENWOOD VILLAGE, Colo.] (NASDAQ: RRGB) announced the appointment of Guy J. Constant as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Red Robin, Mr. Constant served as chief financial officer, executive vice president of Finance and treasurer for Rent-A-Center, Inc. He previously served in various executive roles at Brinker International, Inc. including executive vice president and chief financial officer, president of the Chili’s Global Restaurant Division, senior vice president and vice president of Finance and senior director of Executive Compensation. Before his executive tenure at Brinker, he served in various marketing, finance and human resources roles of increasing scope and responsibility at AMR Corporation.
Tailored Brands, Inc. [FREMONT, Calif.] (NYSE: TLRD) announced the appointment of Jack Calandra as executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer. Mr. Calandra succeeds current CFO, Jon Kimmins, who will be leaving to pursue other interests. Mr. Calandra joins Tailored Brands from The Gap, Inc. where he was most recently senior vice president, corporate finance and investor relations. His career at The Gap, Inc. included roles as CFO of Banana Republic Global division and CFO of Gap Direct. Prior to joining The Gap, Inc., Mr. Calandra served 11 years at Unilever’s North America Division.
CPI Card Group [LITTLETON, Colo.] (NASDDAQ: PMTS, TSX: PNT) announced the appointment of Lillian Etzkorn as its Chief Financial Officer, succeeding David Brush who will be ending his service as CFO. Mr. Brush will continue in an advisory capacity to the Company. Ms. Etzkorn joins CPI Card Group from Dana Incorporated, where she served as Vice President, Treasurer since 2011. Prior to Dana Incorporated, Ms. Etzkorn spent nineteen years in financial positions of increasing responsibility at Ford Motor Company.
Zephyr [NEWARK, Calif.] announced Robb Ellis as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining the team, Ellis was recently at Greenway Health and Agilysys.
Nimbix [RICHARDSON, Texas] announced the appointment of Stacy Repult as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Repult was Vice President of Finance for Omnitracs. Previously, she held the Managing Director position at SLR Consulting Group.
Justworks [NEW YORK, NY] announced the appointment of Michael Greten as chief financial officer. Before joining Justworks, Greten was vice president of Finance & Accounting at iCIMS, Inc. Prior to that, as controller and treasurer of RiskMetrics Group. Earlier roles included AIG and Chase.
Spire Capital Partners [NEW YORK] announced the addition of Mariana Lamson, as CFO. Mariana Lamson has extensive leadership experience in financial roles with KPMG, Goldman Sachs, Harrison Tenney & Associates, and most recently as a divisional CFO for Heartland Payment Systems.
Farmer Bros. Co. [FT. WORTH, Texas] (NASDAQ: FARM) announced the resignation of Isaac Johnston, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer.
Neighbors Health, LLC [HOUSTON] has named Tensie Homan Axton its Chief Financial Officer (CFO). As the Office Managing Partner of KPMG LLP, Axton was the partner in charge of Transaction Services. Before that she was the Chief Operating Officer of Pinnacle Medical Holdings, LLC.
Employers Holdings, Inc. [RENO, Nev.] (NYSE: EIG) announced the appointment of Michael S. Paquette as its executive vice president, chief financial officer. Paquette previously served as executive vice president, chief financial officer of Montpelier Re Holdings Ltd. from 2008 to 2015 and chief financial officer of Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd. from its inception in 2012 to 2015. Prior to joining Montpelier in 2007, Paquette spent 18 years with White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd., and its subsidiaries, in various capacities including senior vice president, controller and 4 years with KPMG as an auditor.
Track Group, Inc. [SALT LAKE CITY] (OTCQX: TRCK) announced Peter Poli is joining the Company as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Poli joins Track Group after serving as the CFO for over 11 years with Grand Banks Yachts Limited. Prior to Grand Banks Yachts Limited, Mr. Poli held various positions of increasing responsibility in finance at Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc. and Morgan Stanley Online, FTD.com, and I-Works, Inc.
Darling Ingredients Inc. [IRVING, Texas] (NYSE: DAR) announced that Patrick C. Lynch will become its Executive Vice President – Chief Administrative Officer.  Mr. Lynch will report to John O. Muse, the Company’s Executive Vice President – Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Muse has indicated his intent to retire as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer in early March 2017, at which time Mr. Lynch will become the Company’s Executive Vice President – Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Lynch has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Interface, Inc., since 2001, and has been a Senior Vice President since 2007. Prior to 2001, he served in various financial leadership positions at Interface since joining the company in 1996, including Assistant Vice President and Corporate Controller.  From 1992 to 1996, Mr. Lynch was a Senior Accountant with BDO Seidman, LLP.
Timothy K. Flanagan
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. [CLEVELAND] (NYSE: CLF)  announced Timothy K. Flanagan has been named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer. Mr. Flanagan is currently Vice President, Corporate Controller, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer. He also previously served as the Assistant Controller and Director of Internal Audit. Prior to his tenure at Cliffs, Mr. Flanagan spent eight years at Arthur Andersen and Protiviti, respectively.
Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC [NEW YORK] (NYSE: OZM) announced that Alesia J. Haas has been named Chief Financial Officer. Och-Ziff also announced that current CFO, Joel Frank has decided to retire. Ms. Haas previously served as CFO and Head of Strategy for OneWest Bank, N.A. Her prior experience includes senior finance, investment and strategy roles with Merrill Lynch and General Electric.
Connecture, Inc. [BROOKFIELD, Wis.] (NASDAQ: CNXR) announced that James P. Purko, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the Company.
Gregor Morela
Avangate [ATLANTA, GA] announced the appointment of Gregor Morela to the position of Chief Financial Officer. He was most recently the CFO for Linq3 Technologies LLC. Prior to Linq3, Morela held various Vice President of Finance and Controllership roles at Landis+Gyr; CDC Corporation; and Serologicals Corporation. Morela started his career in public accounting at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] (NASDAQ: NTLA) has appointed Graeme Bell as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bell succeeds Sapna Srivastava, who is transitioning to a senior advisory role within Intellia. Mr. Bell joins Intellia from his role as Chief Financial Officer at Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to Anacor, Mr. Bell spent more than 20 years at Merck & Co, Inc., where he held numerous finance and accounting senior-level positions including: CFO of U.S. operations, Controller, Global Pharmaceutical Franchises, CFO United Kingdom subsidiary, and head of investor relations.
KBR, Inc. [HOUSTON, TX] (NYSE: KBR) announced that Mark Sopp will join the company as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Current CFO Brian Ferraioli has decided to retire. From 2005 to 2015, Sopp served as CFO and Executive Vice President for Leidos Holdings. Previously, Sopp served in various executive positions with Titan Corporation.
The Palisades Group, LLC [LOS ANGELES] announced the promotion of Sally Kawana to Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. Kawana most recently served as Palisades’ Head of Capital Markets and Transaction Management since 2013. Ms. Kawana, prior to Palisades, was a Senior Vice President in the Representations and Warranties Group at Bank of America. Prior to Bank of America, Ms. Kawana was a Managing Director in Bear Stearns’ Mortgage and Asset-Backed Securities Group. Prior to Bear Stearns, Ms. Kawana worked in KPMG’s Financial Services Audit and Structured Finance Consulting practices.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending November 1, 2013
Posted on November 4, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Praxair, Inc. 
Diebold, Incorporated 
Support.com, Inc. 


Sonus Networks, Inc. 
OneRoof Energy, Inc. 
Wells Fargo 


G&K Services, Inc. 
USA Compression Partners, LP 
Furiex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 


BNSF Railway 
KBR 
Analogix Semiconductor, Inc.


SED International Holdings 
Evolucia Inc. 
Herff Jones


Wabtec Corporation 
Cognitiv, Inc. 
CTI Industries Corporation 


Square
Options Group International, LLC 
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. 


SunEdison, Inc. 
Scripps Networks International
KMG Chemicals, Inc. 


Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
Perceptron, Inc. 
Ingredion Incorporated


RTT USA





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Praxair, Inc. (NYSE:PX) announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Jim Sawyer, will retire on December 31, 2013, after 28 years of service with Praxair and its predecessor company, Union Carbide. Sawyer has served as Praxair’s CFO for 13 years. Matt White currently president, Praxair Canada, will succeed Sawyer as senior vice president and CFO, effective January 1, 2014. Sawyer will serve in an advisory capacity to the company until March 1, 2014. White was appointed president of Praxair Canada in 2011. He joined Praxair in 2004 as finance director of Praxair’s largest business unit, North American Industrial Gases. In 2008, he became vice president and controller of Praxair then was named vice president and treasurer in 2010. Before joining Praxair, White was vice president, finance at Fisher Scientific and prior to that he held various financial positions, including group controller at GenTek.
Diebold, Incorporated (NYSE: DBD) announced that Bradley C. Richardson, executive vice president and chief financial officer, is leaving the company. Christopher A. Chapman, vice president, global finance, will serve as the company’s principal financial officer on an interim basis, effective Nov. 6.
Support.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPRT) announced the appointment of Roop K. Lakkaraju as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to his tenure at Quantros, 2Wire and Solectron, Mr. Lakkaraju worked at Safeguard Scientifics, and at PricewaterhouseCoopers and Grant Thornton.
Sonus Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: SONS) announced the appointment of Mark T. Greenquist as chief financial officer. Greenquist was most recently CFO for Siemens Enterprise Communications Limited (recently rebranded to Unify). From 2007 until its acquisition by Ericsson in 2012, Greenquist served as President and CEO at Telcordia Technologies, Inc. Greenquist also served as Senior Vice President and CFO at Telcordia Technologies, Inc. from 2005 to 2007 prior to his promotion to CEO. Greenquist brings additional financial leadership experience from companies including Symbol Technologies Inc. and Agere Systems Inc. where he served as CFO as well as Delta Airlines Inc., Saab Automobile AB, GM Corporation and General Motors where he held a variety of financial leadership positions.
OneRoof Energy, Inc. announced Dan Halvorson has joined the company as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Most recently, Halvorson served as executive vice president-operations and chief financial officer for DivX, Inc. until its acquisition by Sonic Solutions. Prior to joining DivX, Halvorson held senior finance positions at a variety of technology and pharmaceutical companies, including Novatel Wireless, Inc. as its chief financial officer and Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. which was acquired by Elan Corporation. 
Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) named Erin Gore, who was associate vice chancellor and chief financial officer at University of California, Berkeley, as co-head of its Education and Nonprofit Banking group. Gore had been U.C. Berkeley’s CFO since 2009. She began her career with the New York City Council Finance Division in 1996 as a budget analyst and then spent four years with Moody’s Investor Services as a public finance analyst. Gore joined the former Banc of America Securities in 2001, rising to co-head and managing director of its public finance education and nonprofit team.
G&K Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: GK) announced that Jeffrey L. Wright plans to retire as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. To ensure an orderly transition, Wright will continue in his current role until June 2014. Wright has served as G&K’s Chief Financial Officer for nearly 15 years, since joining the company in 1999. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in 2009, at which time he was also appointed to the company’s Board of Directors. In addition to leading G&K’s finance organization, Wright has led the company’s direct sale business, GKdirect®, since 2009. In addition, he served the industry as Chairman of the Textile Rental Services Association, from 2008 to 2010.
USA Compression Partners, LP (NYSE: USAC) announced that John D. Chandler joined the Board of Directors of its general partner as an independent director. Mr. Chandler currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Magellan GP, LLC, the general partner of Magellan Midstream Partners, LP. From 2003 until 2009, he served in the same capacities for the general partner of Magellan Midstream Holdings, L.P. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Chandler was Director of Financial Planning and Analysis and Director of Strategic Development for a subsidiary of The Williams Companies, Inc. From 1992 to 1999, Mr. Chandler held various accounting and finance positions with MAPCO Inc.
Furiex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: FURX) announced the appointment of Sailash Patel to the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective November 15, 2013. Mr. Patel replace Marshall Woodworth, who tendered his resignation to pursue other opportunities. Mr. Patel has been with Furiex since its spin-off from PPD LLC, and currently serves as Vice President of Strategic Development. Previously, Mr. Patel served as Vice President of Strategic Development for PPD.
BNSF Railway announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Hund will retire during the first quarter of 2014. Hund will be replaced at that time by Julie Piggott, currently Vice President, Planning and Studies, and Controller. Hund has been chief financial officer since 1999. Piggott has served in her current role since 2009. She previously served as vice president, Finance, and treasurer since 2006. Piggott joined BNSF in 1991 and has held various positions in Finance, including successive roles as assistant vice president, Strategic and Financial Analysis; assistant vice president, Expedited Services, in Consumer Products; and assistant vice president and assistant controller. Prior to joining BNSF, she was with the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and Corporate BancServices.
KBR (NYSE: KBR) announced that Brian K. Ferraioli has been appointed the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He was previously the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for six years at The Shaw Group. Before joining Shaw, Mr. Ferraioli served in numerous roles at Foster Wheeler AG. He began his Foster Wheeler career in 1979 as an internal auditor and rose through the corporate ranks, ultimately becoming a Vice President and Corporate Controller. Currently, Mr. Ferraioli also serves on the board of directors for The Babcock & Wilcox Co., and Adolfson & Peterson Construction.
Analogix Semiconductor, Inc. announced that veteran technology executive Mike Seifert has joined the privately held company as chief financial officer (CFO). Most recently, he served as CFO of PureWave Networks, Inc. Before that, he served as CFO of Multigig, Inc. until its successful 2012 merger with Analog Devices, Inc. He has previously served as CFO or corporate controller of Virage Logic Corp., Southwall Technologies Inc., SiteSmith, Inc., Compression Labs, Inc. and PMC-Sierra, Inc. Earlier in his career, he also spent 10 years with professional services firm Ernst & Young.
SED International Holdings (NYSE: SED) announced that it has hired Stephen M. Dexter as Interim CFO following the resignation of prior CFO Christopher R. Joe. From September 2012 to May 2013, he provided financial support consulting services to CDC Corporation, a former holding company of CDC Software, and to CDC Software, from June 2010 to August 2012. Mr. Dexter served as Chief Financial Officer of CDC Software, from September 2010 to August 2012, and as Chief Accounting Officer of CDC Software, from June 2010 to June 2011.
Evolucia Inc. (OTC: ILED) announced that its Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Charles B. Rockwood, has resigned from the Company for personal reasons. Rockwood will continue to support Evolucia in an advisory role following his resignation to ensure a smooth transition until a new CFO is appointed. In the interim, Mel Interiano, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Evolucia, will serve as the principal financial officer until a replacement is named.
Herff Jones announced that John Pitts has been promoted from his current position as Chief Financial Officer of BSN SPORTS (“BSN”) to the same post at Herff Jones, effective immediately.  Herff Jones acquired BSN, the largest distributor of team sporting goods and school sports apparel in the U.S., in May 2013.  Pitts succeeds Mike Parrett, who earlier announced his decision to leave Herff Jones to pursue opportunities outside the company. Prior to joining BSN, Pitts served as Chief Financial Officer for Horizon Health.  Prior experience includes Skylink America, Inc. where Pitts served as Controller.
Wabtec Corporation (NYSE: WAB) said Alvaro Garcia-Tunon has decided to retire as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2014.  He will be succeeded by Patrick D. Dugan, who joined Wabtec in 2003 and has served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, and as a member of the company’s Executive Office, since January 2012. Garcia-Tunon will remain with the company as a strategic adviser.  He joined Wabtec in 1995 and served in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility prior to his appointment as CFO in March 2003. Dugan joined Wabtec as Vice President and Corporate Controller in 2003 and was promoted to Senior Vice President in 2012.  Previously, he served as CFO of CWI International and as a manager with PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Cognitiv, Inc. (OTC: COGV) appointed Michael Hlavsa to Chief Financial Officer and Director. Michael was previously the chief financial officer and a director of Gerova Financial Group, Ltd. and Fund.com Inc. Michael also has served as chief executive officer for SunCruz Casinos, before forming Signature Gaming Management LLC, a consulting firm.
CTI Industries Corporation (NASDAQ: CTIB) announced the appointment of Timothy S. Patterson as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Patterson has been employed by the Company for 10 years, as Vice President, and Senior Vice President – Finance and Administration, and for the past three years, has acted as the principal accounting officer of the Company. Mr. Patterson will retain his office and title as Senior Vice President – Finance and Administration.
Square appointed David Viniar to its Board of Directors, where he will also serve as Audit Committee Chairman. Viniar was most recently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Goldman Sachs, and is currently a member of its Board of Directors. After receiving a Masters in Business Administration from Harvard Business School, Viniar joined Goldman Sachs in 1980, where he amassed over 30 years of experience. He became the CFO in 1999 and served in that capacity for over 13 years. He was also the head of the Operations, Technology, Finance and Services Division.
Options Group International, LLC announced the departure of Ike Suri, Co-President and CFO. Mr. Suri resigned from OGI to pursue other opportunities, including launching a merchant bank, Pelican Point Capital Partners LLC.
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: UBNT) announced it has named Rafael Torres, CFO of OCZ Technology Group and Ubiquiti CFO Craig Foster to the company’s board of directors. Since March of 2013, Rafael Torres has been the CFO of OCZ Technology Group. Prior to joining OCZ, Mr. Torres served as CFO and Vice President of Finance for Capella Photonics. From 2006 to 2008, Torres was the CFO and Vice President of Finance for Power Integrations. From 2000 to 2006, Mr. Torres was CFO and Vice President of Finance for PLX Technology.
SunEdison, Inc. (NYSE: SUNE) announced that it has appointed former Chief Financial Officer of TIAA-CREF, Georganne C. Proctor, as a new independent member of the Board and as a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Proctor most recently having served from 2006 to 2010 as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President for Enterprise Integration at TIAA-CREF. Prior to joining TIAA-CREF, Ms. Proctor served as Executive Vice President of Golden West Financial Corporation from 2003 to 2005 after an 18‑year career at Bechtel. During her time at Bechtel, Ms. Proctor served in roles of increasing importance including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1997 to 2002, as well as serving as a company director for three years. Prior to Bechtel, Ms. Proctor was finance director from 1991 to 1994 of certain divisions of global, diversified entertainment giant The Walt Disney Company. She previously served on the Board of Directors of Kaiser Aluminum Corporation. 
Scripps Networks International, the global development arm of Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (NYSE: SNI), announced that Simone Nardi, who served in a lead financial role for NBC Universal’s international operations, has been named chief financial officer. Prior to that, he served as vice president and chief financial officer for NBC Universal’s business development division in New York. He also served briefly as interim chief financial officer and treasurer at Hulu. Nardi joined General Electric Industrial Systems in 1998 and completed its financial management program before moving to the corporate audit staff in 2001. NBC Universal formerly was an operating division of General Electric.
KMG Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE: KMG) announced that John V. Sobchak has resigned as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in order to pursue other interests. Mr. Sobchak has served as KMG’s CFO since 2001. To ensure an orderly transition, Mr. Sobchak will continue with the company and perform the functions of a chief financial officer through the release of KMG’s earnings report for the first quarter and filing of the quarterly report in December. In the interim, Mr. Sobchak is transitioning his responsibilities to Hank Mullen, KMG’s Director of Business Development. Mr. Mullen joined KMG in 2008 following KMG’s acquisition of the high purity process chemicals business from Air Products & Chemicals. He also worked for AT&T Microelectronics and its successor companies Lucent Technologies and Agere Systems.
Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced the promotion of John S. Pallies to chief financial officer from vice president, finance and administration. Mr. Pallies joined Syndax in 2007
Perceptron, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRCP) announced that John H. Lowry, III, Vice President and CFO, plans to retire in fiscal 2014. It is expected that Mr. Lowry will be available to assist in the transition of his responsibilities for a period of time following his retirement.
Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE: INGR) announced that CFO and Executive Vice President Cheryl Beebe has decided to retire due to family health issues.  Her retirement will be effective January 6, 2014. The company also announced that Jack Fortnum will become the next CFO.  Jack Fortnum joined CPC International (Ingredion’s former parent company) in 1984.  Fortnum is currently President, North America.  Before moving to operational management, he held a wide range of key financial roles including Corporate Controller of Corn Products International from the time the Company was taken public until 2001.  At CPC International, he was Vice President, Finance, Canadian Corn Refining business and Director, Finance, Latin American Corn Refining business.  
RTT USA announced the appointment of Kevin Piontkowski as its new Chief Financial Officer. His most recent experience includes serving as Senior Vice President of Global Finance at Talascend (formerly Modern Engineering). Mr. Piontkowski has managed the financial structure of many leading organizations, including that of Sandy Corporation and Incat. Prior to joining Talascend in 2006, he was a top financial controller at Giffels.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,384 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



   Brian Ferraioli | The Shaw Group Inc | ZoomInfo.com


KBR Brian K. Ferraioli Insider Trades for KBR Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































KBR Inc.

                  NYSE: KBR
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

KBR Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


KBR

/quotes/zigman/415260/composite


$
15.40




Change

-0.0031
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 24,139
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/415260/composite
Previous close

$
			15.55
		


$
				15.40
			
Change

-0.15
-0.96%





Day low
Day high
$15.37
$15.64










52 week low
52 week high

            $13.16
        

            $17.95
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Brian K. Ferraioli



Mr. Brian K. Ferraioli is Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at KBR, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc., Adolfson & Peterson, Inc., and Kellogg Brown & Root Services, Inc.
Mr. Ferraioli was previously employed as Independent Director by The Babcock & Wilcox Co., Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by The Shaw Group, Inc., Vice President & Controller by Foster Wheeler AG, Chief Financial Officer & Vice President by Foster Wheeler USA Corp., Chief Financial Officer & Vice President by Foster Wheeler Power Systems, Inc., and Vice President-International Project Finance by Foster Wheeler International Corp.
He received his undergraduate degree from Seton Hall University and an MBA from Columbia University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





02/25/2017
2,657


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.6 per share.


41,450


02/21/2017
6,710


 
Award at $16.73 per share.


112,258


12/12/2016
27,268


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.55 per share.


478,554


03/05/2016
1,146


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $14.82 per share.


16,984


03/01/2016
26,840


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/25/2016
1,761


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $12.9 per share.


22,717


03/05/2015
1,108


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.81 per share.


17,518


02/25/2015
19,274


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/05/2014
12,568


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/12/2013
65,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Stuart J. B. Bradie 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Mark W. Sopp 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. John  Derbyshire 
President-Technology & Consulting




Mr. Ian  Mackey 
Chief Corporate Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. David  Zelinski 
President-Onshore, Engineering & Construction




Mr. Farhan F. Mujib 
President-Engineering & Construction




Mr. Kenneth Graham Hill 
EVP-Global Business Development & Strategy




Mr. Jan Egil Braendeland 
Executive Vice President-Global Sales




Mr. Raymond L. Carney 
Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President




Mr. Nelson E. Rowe 
Senior VP-Financial Planning & Investor Relations




Ms. Lynn  Nazareth 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Marit Babin Stout 
Director-Global Communications




Ms. Eileen Gallagher Akerson 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Loren K. Carroll 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. James R. Blackwell 
Independent Director




Ms. Ann Darlene Pickard 
Independent Director




Mr. Les L. Lyles 
Independent Director




Mr. Jack B. Moore 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey E. Curtiss 
Independent Director




Mr. Umberto  della Sala 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark E. Baldwin 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:56 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:53aTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
9:29aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
9:27aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
9:24aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
9:20aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
8:15a9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Brian K Ferraioli - Naples, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Brian K Ferraioli in Naples, FL


Brian K Ferraioli

                                                                           Intelius found that Brian K Ferraioli  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Naples, FL.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Brian K Ferraioli is in his 60s

Brian Has Lived In

Naples, FL
Milford, NJ
Warwick, NY

Brian's Relatives

Sharon Ferraioli
Mary Ferraioli
Grace Ferraioli
Lucy Ferraioli







Brian K Ferraioli



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Foster Wheeler Ltd



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Brian? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Brian, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Brian K Ferraioli
Get a Criminal Check on Brian K Ferraioli
Get a Public Record Report on Brian K Ferraioli
Get a People Search Report on Brian K Ferraioli


Brian K Ferraioli's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Brian K Ferraioli has lived as well as Brian K Ferraioli's phone numbers and email addresses.




Brian K Ferraioli Has Lived in 5 States
Florida Address for Brian K Ferraioli


5957 H****** I**** C** 

Naples, FL


Has Lived In

Naples, FL
Milford, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Brian K Ferraioli

(908) ***-**** - Lebanon, NJ 
(908) ***-**** - Califon, NJ 
(225) ***-**** - Baton Rouge, LA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Brian K Ferraioli

l**********2@***.com
b********i@***.net
b*************i@***.com


Get Email Report




Brian K Ferraioli's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Brian K Ferraioli's academic history.  Find out which schools Brian K Ferraioli attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Brian K Ferraioli received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brian K Ferraioli Has Attended 2 Schools
Adelphi University 1994 – 1998                              
Milford High School               1969 – 1973                              


Brian K Ferraioli's Professional Information
Information regarding Brian K Ferraioli's professional history.  Find out previous places Brian K Ferraioli has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brian K Ferraioli Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Foster Wheeler Ltd
               Title: Vice President
Company: Foster Wheeler Ltd
               Title: Controller
Brian K Ferraioli's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Foster Wheeler Ltd
Job Details
               Foster Wheeler AG is a global engineering and construction company and power equipment supplier delivering technically advanced, reliable facilities and equipment. The company employs approximately 12,000 talented professionals with specialized expertise dedicated to serving its clients through one of its two primary business groups. The company's Global Engineering and Construction Group designs and constructs leading-edge processing facilities for the upstream oil and gas, LNG and gas-to-liquids, refining, chemicals and petrochemicals, power, mining and metals, environmental, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology and healthcare industries. The company's Global Power Group is a world leader in combustion and steam generation technology that designs, manufactures and erects steam generating and auxiliary equipment for power stations and industrial facilities and also provides a wide range of aftermarket services. The company is based in Zug, Switzerland, and its operational headquarters office is in Geneva, Switzerland.
Title: Controller
               Company: Foster Wheeler Ltd
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Brian K Ferraioli

 See Brian K Ferraioli's LinkedIn Profile



Brian K Ferraioli's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Brian K Ferraioli


Brian K Ferraioli's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Brian K Ferraioli's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Brian Ferraioli
Username Matches

                  BrianFerraioli
                  FerraioliBrian
                  Brian.Ferraioli
                  Ferraioli.Brian
                  Brian_Ferraioli
                  Ferraioli_Brian
                  Brian-Ferraioli
                  Ferraioli-Brian
                  BFerraioli
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Ferraioli







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Insider Trading - Ferraioli Brian K - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Ferraioli Brian K





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-12Tax Withholding
2016-12-144:50 pm
N/AN/A
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP & Chief Financial Officer
27,268
$17.55
92,399(Direct)
View


2016-05-13Option Award
2016-05-171:48 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc.
BW
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
4,525
$0
4,525(Direct)
View


2016-03-05Tax Withholding
2016-03-086:43 pm
N/AN/A
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP & Chief Financial Officer
1,146
$14.82
119,667(Direct)
View


2016-03-01Option Award
2016-03-036:51 pm
N/AN/A
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP & Chief Financial Officer
26,840
$0
120,813(Direct)
View


2016-02-25Tax Withholding
2016-02-298:33 pm
N/AN/A
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP  Chief Financial Officer
1,761
$12.9
93,973(Direct)
View


2015-07-01Option Award
2015-07-061:25 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc.
BW
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
1,860
$0
1,860(Direct)
View


2015-07-01Option Award
2015-07-061:25 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc.
BW
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
1,853
$0
1,860(Direct)
View


2015-07-01Option Award
2015-07-061:25 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc.
BW
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
78
$0
1,860(Direct)
View


2015-06-04Option Award
2015-06-084:15 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Co
BWC
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
22
$0
155(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-124:36 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Co
BWC
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
3,590
$0
3,590(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Option Award
2015-05-124:36 pm
N/A2015-05-11
Babcock & Wilcox Co
BWC
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
3,590
$0
3,590(Direct)
View


2015-05-11Exercise
2015-05-124:36 pm
N/A2015-05-11
Babcock & Wilcox Co
BWC
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
3,590
$0
3,590(Direct)
View


2015-03-19Option Award
2015-03-234:28 pm
N/AN/A
Babcock & Wilcox Co
BWC
Ferraioli Brian KDirector
25
$0
133(Direct)
View


2015-03-05Tax Withholding
2015-03-099:21 pm
N/AN/A
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP  Chief Financial Officer
1,108
$15.81
95,734(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Option Award
2015-02-276:50 pm
N/AN/A
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP  Chief Financial Officer
19,274
$0
96,842(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Option Award
2015-02-276:50 pm
2016-02-252025-02-25
Kbr Inc
KBR
Ferraioli Brian KEVP  Chief Financial Officer
38,322
$18.16
96,842(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 08:56:48 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  



















 




B&W Names Bertsch, Ferraioli to Board of Directors









































Warning: Javascript must be enabled within your browser's settings for this site to function properly.





Your browser appears to be out of date, and is not supported by this site. For the best experience, we recommend that you upgrade to a more modern browser. You can find a list of modern browsers from www.browsehappy.com.








News
Investors
Careers
Contact Us





































News


B&W Names Bertsch, Ferraioli to Board of Directors








 26 June 2013 


The Babcock & Wilcox Company (B&W) (NYSE:BWC) announced today that Jan A. Bertsch and Brian K. Ferraioli have been appointed to its Board of Directors, increasing its total number of Directors to 11.
Ms. Bertsch is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sigma-Aldrich, a leading life science and high technology company whose products and services are used in scientific research, the diagnosis of disease, and as key components in pharmaceutical, diagnostics and high technology manufacturing.
Mr. Ferraioli is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Shaw Group Inc., an engineering, construction and maintenance firm serving the energy industry and other sectors, which was acquired by CB&I in February 2013.
“Jan and Brian bring with them outstanding experience and knowledge of their respective industries, as well as backgrounds in corporate finance and executive leadership,” said B&W President and Chief Executive Officer E. James Ferland. “I welcome them to B&W’s Board of Directors and look forward to working closely with them toward our goals of growing the Company and serving the interests of our shareholders.”
John A. Fees, Chairman of B&W’s Board of Directors added, “We look forward to the diversity, experience and contributions that Jan and Brian will add to B&W’s Board. These additional directors will provide for succession of directors who, within a year, will reach the age limit for serving on the Board in accordance with the B&W Bylaws.”
Prior to joining Sigma-Aldrich in 2012, Ms. Bertsch worked for automobile parts supplier BorgWarner Inc. from 2009 until 2012, most recently serving as the company’s Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. From 2001 to 2009, she served in positions of increasing responsibility at Chrysler LLC, attaining the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer. Prior to Chrysler, she also held positions at Visteon Corp. and Ford Motor Company.
Ms. Bertsch holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from Wayne State University and a master’s of business administration degree from Eastern Michigan University.
Mr. Ferraioli had served with Shaw since 2007. From 1979 to 2007, he held various positions of increasing responsibility with engineering and construction firm Foster Wheeler AG and its subsidiaries, including Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2002 to 2007.
Mr. Ferraioli is a Certified Public Accountant and has a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Seton Hall University. He earned his master’s of business administration degree from Columbia University.
About B&W Headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., The Babcock & Wilcox Company is a leader in clean energy technology and services, primarily for the nuclear, fossil and renewable power markets, as well as a premier advanced technology and mission critical defense contractor. B&W has locations worldwide and employs approximately 14,000 people, in addition to approximately 10,400 joint venture employees. Learn more at www.babcock.com.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking StatementsB&W cautions that this release contains forward-looking statements regarding the goals of management. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, difficulties in identifying suitable growth opportunities or implementing our growth strategies. If one or more of these or other risks materialize, actual results may vary materially from those expressed. For a more complete discussion of these and other risk factors, please see B&W's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. B&W cautions not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release, and undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, except to the extent required by applicable law.

Media Contact:Ryan Cornell, 330-860-1345Media Relationsrscornell@babcock.com
or
Investor Contact:Jenny Apker, 704-625-4937Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relationsinvestors@babcock.com


  Investors  Organizational Announcement  Press Release









 Archive

 Tags


Show All247


About5


Babcock and Wilcox Co. Archival85


BWXT Canada Ltd.13


Commercial Nuclear42


Commercial Nuclear Equipment14


Commercial Nuclear Services13


Contract Announcement96


Corporate Announcement43


Event4


Government Services29


Government Solutions29


Investors49


Media21


Nuclear Fuel Services11


Organizational Announcement29


Press Release240


Public Recognition5






















	Babcock & Wilcox – BW - Corporate Governance - Board of Directors





































About B&W
|
News


























BW

	$10.71
$-0.06
-0.56%
Volume: 
330,002

July 21, 2017















Thomas A. Christopher
,


,

, Board of Directors




Thomas A. Christopher serves on the Board of Directors for Babcock & Wilcox  (B&W), which is a leader in energy and environmental products and services for power and industrial markets worldwide.He most recently served as Vice Chairman of AREVA NP Inc., and from 2000 to 2009, served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. From 1973 to 2000, he held positions of increasing responsibility with Westinghouse, including serving as the Vice President and General Manager of Siemens/Westinghouse Power Services Divisions. He spent six years with the U.S. Navy in the nuclear submarine force, holding the naval reactors engineer certification as a lieutenant. Christopher earned a bachelor's degree from the U.S. Naval Academy, a master's degree from the Georgia Institute of Technology and a master of business administration degree from the University of Pittsburgh. He also served on the Nuclear Energy Institute's Board of Directors from 2000 to 2008.



read more








Cynthia S. Dubin
,


,

, Board of Directors




Cynthia S. Dubin serves on the Board of Directors for Babcock & Wilcox (B&W), which is a leader in energy and environmental products and services for power and industrial markets worldwide.She is Finance Director for JKX Oil & Gas plc., a Main Board London Stock Exchange-listed oil and gas exploration, development and production company that is the most experienced western operator in Ukraine and an early mover into the independent gas sector in Russia.Prior to joining JKX Oil & Gas, Dubin was co-founder and Chief Financial Officer of Canamens, a start-up oil and gas company with assets in the North Sea, North Africa and the Caspian areas, serving in this role from 2006 to 2011.Dubin began her career in the banking industry in New York specializing in advising and lending to large energy projects. In 1992, she relocated to London, and from 1993-2005, held positions with Edison Mission Energy, a premier U.S.-owned electric power generator that developed, acquired, financed, owned and operated reliable and efficient power systems for international markets.  She became Vice President and Finance Director for the company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa Operations in 1998.Dubin earned a bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from Georgetown University and completed a comparative business program at Oxford University.



read more








Brian K. Ferraioli
,


,

, Board of Directors




Brian K. Ferraioli serves on the Board of Directors for Babcock & Wilcox (B&W), which is a leader in energy and environmental products and services for power and industrial markets worldwide.He is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at KBR Inc., a global technology, engineering, procurement and construction company.Before that, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Shaw Group Inc., an engineering, construction and maintenance firm serving the energy industry and other sectors, that was acquired by CB&I in February 2013. He joined Shaw in 2007.From 1979 to 2007, he held various positions of increasing responsibility with engineering and construction firm Foster Wheeler AG and its subsidiaries, including Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2002 to 2007.He is a Certified Public Accountant and earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Seton Hall University. He earned his master’s of business administration degree from Columbia University.



read more








Stephen G. Hanks
,


,

, Board of Directors




Stephen G. Hanks serves on the Board of Directors for Babcock & Wilcox (B&W),which is a leader in energy and environmental products and services for power and industrial markets worldwide.From November 2007 until his retirement in January 2008, he was President of the Washington Division of URS Corporation, an engineering, construction and technical services company, and he also served as a member of URS Corporation’s Board of Directors during that time.From June 2001 to November 2007, Hanks was President and Chief Executive Officer of Washington Group International, Inc., an integrated engineering, construction and management services company, which was acquired by URS Corporation in 2007, and also served on its Board of Directors.He formerly served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary for Washington Group. Hanks has also served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. since 2006 and McDermott International, Inc. since 2009.



read more








Anne R. Pramaggiore
,


,

, Board of Directors




Anne R. Pramaggiore serves on the Board of Directors for Babcock & Wilcox (B&W), which is a leader in energy and environmental products and services for power and industrial markets worldwide.She is President and Chief Executive Officer of ComEd, an electric utility company delivering electricity to 3.8 million customers in Chicago and Northern Illinois.Pramaggiore joined ComEd in 1998 to work on the company’s transition to competitive energy markets under the Illinois Consumer Choice Law of 1997. In her role as ComEd’s lead lawyer and as head of Regulatory Policy, she led major policy work around the restructuring of the Illinois electric industry.In 2009, Pramaggiore was appointed as ComEd’s Chief Operating Officer and became responsible for overseeing day-to-day operations on the electric grid and in customer operations. In that role, she led the company’s effort to set the legislative framework for ComEd’s smart grid build-out, a leading model nationally for modernizing one of the largest utility systems in the country. Pramaggiore was promoted to her current position in February 2012. She is the first female to hold the post of President and Chief Executive Officer at the electric utility.In addition to her service on the B&W Board of Directors, Pramaggiore also serves as a board member of Chicago Federal Reserve Board, Motorola Solutions, Inc., and several civic and community organizations.She is a 1989 graduate of DePaul University School of Law and served as editor-in-chief of the school’s Law Review. She has a bachelor’s degree in communications and theater from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.



read more








Larry L. Weyers
,


,

, Board of Directors




Larry L. Weyers serves on the Board of Directors for Babcock & Wilcox (B&W), which is a leader in energy and environmental products and services for power and industrial markets worldwide.He was formerly Chairman of Integrys Energy Group, Inc. (previously WPS Resources Corporation), a holding company with operations providing products and services in regulated and non-regulated energy markets, prior to his retirement in March 2010.Weyers served as Integrys Energy Group’s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from February 1998 to December 2008, having joined Wisconsin Public Service Corporation, a utility subsidiary of Integrys Energy Group, in 1985.Since July 2010, he has served as Vice President and Lead Director of the Board of Directors of Green Bay Packers, Inc., on which he has served since 2003.



read more








Quick Links

Email Alerts
SEC Filings
FAQs
2016 Annual Report




Contact Investor Relations


Chase Jacobson
Vice President, Investor Relations
Email: investors@babcock.com
Phone number: 704.625.4944










        © 2017 Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved.











Contact Us
|
Privacy
|
Terms Of Use








Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















brian k ferraioli - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Know Brian Ferraioli? - Want Info on Brian Ferraioli?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Brian Ferraioli? Just Search A Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Bryan Records Free Search - Official Public Records



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com/​Bryan



Official Source For Bryan Records. Search Now!





Background Checks



Public Records



Court Records




Criminal Records



Driving Records



Arrest Records





Brian K - LookSmart - Results for Brian K.



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Brian K



Results for Brian K. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results




Web Results

Brian K. Ferraioli: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Mr. Brian K. Ferraioli served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of KBR, Inc. from October 28, 2013 to February 28, 2017. Mr. Ferraioli has ...


Brian K. Ferraioli - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/11328/Brian-K-Ferraioli


Find compensation and employment information for Brian K. Ferraioli (Kbr), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


KBR Brian K. Ferraioli Insider Trades for KBR Inc.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/KBR/insiders?pid=21265


Mr. Brian K. Ferraioli is Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at KBR, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc ...


Brian K. Ferraioli - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/brian-ferraioli-babcock--/salary/76521


View Brian K. Ferraioli, Former Board Member at Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc., Charlotte, NC, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Babcock ...


Compensation Information for Brian K. Ferraioli , Former ...

www1.salary.com/Brian-K-Ferraioli-Salary-Bonus-Stock-Options-for...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for Brian K. Ferraioli , Former EVP & CFO at KBR INC. How much did Brian K. Ferraioli make as ...


Brian K Ferraioli - Naples, FL | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Brian-Ferraioli/Naples-FL/0CCYHBV9N55


Get full contact details for Brian K Ferraioli in Naples, FL instantly. We found 11 addresses, 6 phone numbers, and 10 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


Brian K Ferraioli, 61 - Naples, FL | MyLife.com ...

https://www.mylife.com/brian-ferraioli/e221016456636


View free background profile for Brian K Ferraioli on MyLife.com™ - Phone | 59*** **** Cir St Address, Naples, FL | 0 EMAILS | Photos | 3 Profiles | 1 Review & More


Brian Ferraioli at Microbiology Global Solutions Inc ...

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Brian/Ferraioli


View Brian Ferraioli’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Brian Ferraioli discover ...


KBR Inc. - KBR Announces New Chief Financial Officer

investors.kbr.com/investors/press-releases/Press-Release-Details/...


Oct. 28, 2013- KBR (NYSE: KBR) today announced that Brian K. Ferraioli has been appointed the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ...


Brian Ferraioli - Director for Kbr Holdings, LLC

https://www.corporationwiki.com/p/2gje8z/brian-ferraioli


View Brian K Ferraioli's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive ...










Know Brian Ferraioli? - Want Info on Brian Ferraioli?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Brian Ferraioli? Just Search A Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now




Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Bryan Records Free Search - Official Public Records



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com/​Bryan



Official Source For Bryan Records. Search Now!





Background Checks



Public Records



Court Records




Criminal Records



Driving Records



Arrest Records





Brian K - LookSmart - Results for Brian K.



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Brian K



Results for Brian K. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results



12345Next






Answers







Brian K. McHale



Brian K. McHale (born December 9, 1954) is an American politician who represents the 46th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates....

more






Brian K. Roberts



Brian K. Roberts is an American television director. He is credited with directing over 350 programs for US television and over 200 episodes of...

more






Brian K. Vaughan



Early life Brian K. Vaughan was born July 17, 1976 in Cleveland, Ohio, to Geoffrey and Catherine Vaughan. He grew up in Rocky River and Westlake....

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








