


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Floating Rate Fund (PRFRX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Floating Rate Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFRX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.91
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								2.06%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.83
							
							-
							
								$9.95
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$964.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Floating Rate Fund among 
210,
210,
159
and 
N/A
Bank Loan
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's investment objective is to provide high current income and, secondarily, capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							4.03%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					5.66%
				
			

				
					5.66%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.22%
				
			

				
					3.22%
				
			


5 Years

				
					3.96%
				
			

				
					3.96%
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 3.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							3.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							July 29, 2011
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.79%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.79%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Floating Rate Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                





















JPMorgan Floating Rate Income Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Floating Rate Income Fund(JPHAX)A CIR6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
  




Designed ToDesigned to deliver current income with a secondary objective of capital appreciation through a portfolio of floating rate instruments.ApproachInvests primarily in below investment grade floating rate securitiesCombines value-oriented, bottom-up research process with fundamental credit analysis to identify opportunities across sectors, industries and structuresUtilizes disciplined approach to manage fluctuations in interest rates










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager







 Chad A.  Engelbert Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Floating Rate Income (A)




Commentary: Floating Rate Income







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - Floating Rate Income Fund




Supplemental Data Sheet - Floating Rate Income Fund


Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Floating Rate Income Fund




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares and 0.65% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 12/31/2017 for A Shares, 12/31/2017 for C Shares, 12/31/2017 for I Shares and 12/31/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index is an unmanaged market value-weighted index representing the investable universe of the U.S. dollar-denominated leverage loan market. The index reflects reinvestment of all distributions and changes in market prices. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index is an unmanaged index representing SEC-registered taxable and dollar denominated securities. It covers the U.S. investment grade fixed rate bond market, with index components for government and corporate securities, mortgage pass-through, and asset-backed securities. The performance of the Lipper Loan Participation Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. International investing involves special risks, including economic, political, and currency instability - especially in emerging markets. The Fund's investments in emerging markets could lead to more volatility in the value of the Fund's shares. The small size of securities markets and the low trading volume may lead to a lack of liquidity, which leads to increased volatility. Emerging markets may not provide adequate legal protection for private or foreign investment or private property. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. The Fund's investment in equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. When the value of a fund's securities goes down, an investment in a fund decreases in value. The Fund may use futures contracts, swaps, and derivatives in connection with its investment strategies. Derivatives are subject to the risk that changes in the value of a derivative may not correlate perfectly with the underlying asset, rate or index. The Fund may invest all of its assets in Loans that are rated below investment grade. Like other high yield, corporate debt instruments, such Loans are subject to an increased risk of default in the payment of principal and interest as well as the other risks described below. The Fund limits its investments in illiquid securities to no more than 15% of the Fund's net assets at the time of purchase, however loans that are deemed to be liquid at the time of purchase may become illiquid. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. Weighted Average Time to Reset: The weighted average time to reset is derived by multiplying the market value of each instrument by the number of days remaining to the shorter of its next coupon reset, expiry date for a put, or maturity date, adding these calculations, and then dividing the total by the market value of the Fund's total portfolio. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 

















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.



















Tools & Resources - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Tools & Resources
			
Email ThisPrint




Target Date CompassSM



	An industry-leading target date fund evaluation tool, Target Date CompassSM, was the first of its kind to use a standardized, systematic process for evaluating and selecting target date funds.


USE TARGET DATE COMPASS 




Morningstar® Tools

Hypothetical Illustrations 
                         


	You can simulate a hypothetical experience of a portfolio over a specific past timeframe using actual performance data for an individual fund or portfolio of funds.


Hypothetical Tool 





Multi-Fund Comparisons
                         


	Compare multiple securities in terms of performance, portfolio, operations, and risk data. You can also generate a FINRA-reviewed Multiple Fund Comparison report. 


Compare Funds 





Portfolio Analysis
                         


	Analyze existing client portfolios based on current available Morningstar® data, or view aggregate statistics for a set of chosen investments.


Analyze portfolio 








Insights app
                         


	Make the complex clearer for your clients. This app is a powerful way for advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan's Insights for their clients.


Get the Insights App






Additional  Tools & Resources




Shareholder Account Access 
                         

                            Our site provides a powerful way to access your account with J.P. Morgan Funds.

	We hope you find it easy to use and full of helpful features.


LOG IN OR REGISTER NOW 




Shareholder Account Resources
                         



Shareholder Account Resources  
Tax Planning Information Documents  
Money Market Reform resources  







TARGET DATE FUNDS. Target date funds are funds with the target date being the approximate date when investors plan to start withdrawing their money. Generally, the asset allocation of each fund will change on an annual basis with the asset allocation becoming more conservative as the fund nears the target retirement date. The principal value of the fund(s) is not guaranteed at any time, including at the target date.

	*TDFs may suffer investment losses, including near and following retirement. There is no guarantee that a TDF will provide adequate retirement income.
	 

1 PLANADVISER magazine 2016 Retirement Plan Advisor Survey.

2 Morningstar, Inc. Trailing 5-Year period. Based on rankings for the R6 share class of each fund versus their relevant Morningstar target date category as of 12/31/16. Different share classes may have different rankings.

3 Chatham Partners Satisfaction Survey, 2015 J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and its affiliates worldwide.

	Contact JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. at 1-800-480-4111 for a prospectus. Carefully consider the fund's objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the mutual fund before investing. The prospectus contains this and other fund information. Read it carefully before investing.

	J.P. Morgan Funds are distributed by JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc., which is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Affiliates of JPMorgan Chase & Co. receive fees for providing various services to the funds. JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. is a member of FINRA/SIPC.







Senior Floating Rate Fund (OOSAX) | OppenheimerFunds






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




















Domestic Debt



Senior Floating Rate Fund


1





The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.





Print

Buy





Buy







CLASS A: OOSAX                CUSIP: 68381K101


CLASS B: OOSBX                CUSIP: 68381K200


CLASS C: OOSCX                CUSIP: 68381K309


CLASS I: OOSIX                CUSIP: 68381K606


CLASS R: OOSNX                CUSIP: 68381K507


CLASS Y: OOSYX                CUSIP: 68381K408










Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Standard Investment Chartered Inc
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Product Positioning



Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Go to literature center







Morningstar Tools







Compare Funds



Hypothetical Tool







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 9/8/99

134%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



Domestic Debt



Senior Floating Rate Fund


1






 A 

Share Class






Morningstar Compare
Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

8.98%
3.34%
4.58%
4.09%
4.90%



With Sales Charge

5.16%
2.12%
3.84%
3.72%
4.69%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
1.11%
Net Expense Ratio:

2


 
1.11%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




15Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


3



























Senior Floating Rate Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00























Income Dividend History



B













No income dividends were paid during this time.












Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/21/17



































































 
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



C









Senior Floating Rate Fund
–
7.47
0.18
1.92
11.23
7.20
5.64
7.11
1.52
-29.48
43.51
13.15
2.37
8.44
6.41
0.55
-2.06
12.72

1.94




JPMorgan Leveraged Loan Index


3






4.94


2.65


1.12


11.01


5.60


5.69


7.33


1.88


-28.53


44.87


9.97


1.82


9.40


6.15


2.40


0.54


9.78

—










The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
8.98%


3 Year
3.34%


5 Year
4.58%


10 Year
4.09%


Since Inception
4.90%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
5.16%


3 Year
2.12%


5 Year
3.84%


10 Year
3.72%


Since Inception
4.69%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
8.98%


3 Year
3.34%


5 Year
4.58%


10 Year
4.09%


Since Inception
4.90%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
5.16%


3 Year
2.12%


5 Year
3.84%


10 Year
3.72%


Since Inception
4.69%







Gross Expense Ratio





1.11%





NAV



D







as of 7/21/17


$8.13












Yields


4


5








monthly as of 6/30/17










Standardized SEC Yield


4.39%





Dividend Yield

with sales charge

3.71%



Dividend Yield

w/o sales charge

3.85%







The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Industries


6



06/30/17










Technology

10.8%







Services

9.7%







Gaming Lodging and Leisure

7.6%







Cable and Satellite

6.6%







Broadcasting

6.2%







Telecommunications

5.8%







Healthcare

5.7%







Retail

5.2%







Diversified Media

4.3%







Utility

4.2%









Transportation

3.8%







Metals and Mining

3.5%







Financial

3.2%







Energy

3.2%







Food and Beverages

2.9%







Automotive

2.7%







Chemicals

2.7%







Industrials

2.6%







Paper and Packaging

2.0%







Consumer Products

1.7%










×









10.8%


Technology














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Cayman Islands, India, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Unrated











×









9.7%


Services














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Australia, Canada, Luxembourg, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









7.6%


Gaming Lodging and Leisure














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC











×









6.6%


Cable and Satellite














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Puerto Rico, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









6.2%


Broadcasting














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









5.8%


Telecommunications














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









5.7%


Healthcare














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Spain, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, D, Unrated











×









5.2%


Retail














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC











×









4.3%


Diversified Media














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Unrated











×









4.2%


Utility














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









3.8%


Transportation














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Ireland, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









3.5%


Metals and Mining














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Other











×









3.2%


Financial














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









3.2%


Energy














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Cyprus, Norway, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, CC, Other











×









2.9%


Food and Beverages














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Automotive














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Chemicals














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









2.6%


Industrials














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


South Korea, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.0%


Paper and Packaging














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, New Zealand, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









1.7%


Consumer Products














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Luxembourg, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Other
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








Country 6



NRSRO Credit Rating 7



Asset Allocation 6












84.6%United States








2.6%Luxembourg








1.9%United Kingdom








1.5%Netherlands








1.5%Canada








0.5%France








0.5%Spain








0.4%Puerto Rico








0.3%Cyprus








0.3%New Zealand








0.3%Australia








0.2%India








0.2%Cayman Islands








0.2%Marshall Islands








0.2%South Korea








0.2%Ireland








0.2%Germany








0.1%Norway












42.4%








34.5%








5.9%








5.6%








4.3%








2.0%








0.9%








0.1%












93.1%








2.0%








0.5%


No Industry  in  Corporate Bonds




















Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
-1.42%


Beta
1.27



R-Squared



92.94



Sharpe Ratio



0.88



Standard Deviation



3.54%



Sortino Ratio




0.50



Information Ratio




-0.43







Equity Style















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$14.9 BN

















Portfolio Statistics


8










as of 6/30/17









Turnover Ratio



28.00%



Duration (yrs)



0.2






Dividends

($ per share)




B









Est Frequency
Monthly


Last Pay Date
6/30/17


Per Share ($)
0.0256


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.3486






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Industries


6



06/30/17











Technology

10.8%







Services

9.7%







Gaming Lodging ...

7.6%







Cable and Satel...

6.6%







Broadcasting

6.2%







Telecommunicati...

5.8%







Healthcare

5.7%







Retail

5.2%







Diversified Med...

4.3%







Utility

4.2%








Next







Transportation

3.8%







Metals and Mini...

3.5%







Financial

3.2%







Energy

3.2%







Food and Bevera...

2.9%







Automotive

2.7%







Chemicals

2.7%







Industrials

2.6%







Paper and Packa...

2.0%







Consumer Produc...

1.7%








Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
NRSRO Credit Rating
Asset Allocation








84.6%United States








2.6%Luxembourg








1.9%United Kingdom








1.5%Netherlands








1.5%Canada








0.5%France








0.5%Spain








0.4%Puerto Rico








0.3%Cyprus








0.3%New Zealand








0.3%Australia








0.2%India








0.2%Cayman Islands








0.2%Marshall Islands








0.2%South Korea








0.2%Ireland








0.2%Germany








0.1%Norway












42.4%








34.5%








5.9%








5.6%








4.3%








2.0%








0.9%








0.1%












93.1%








2.0%








0.5%


No Industry  in  Corporate Bonds














×









10.8%


Technology














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Cayman Islands, India, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Unrated











×









9.7%


Services














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Australia, Canada, Luxembourg, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









7.6%


Gaming Lodging and Leisure














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC











×









6.6%


Cable and Satellite














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Puerto Rico, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









6.2%


Broadcasting














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









5.8%


Telecommunications














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









5.7%


Healthcare














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Spain, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, D, Unrated











×









5.2%


Retail














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC











×









4.3%


Diversified Media














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Unrated











×









4.2%


Utility














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









3.8%


Transportation














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Ireland, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









3.5%


Metals and Mining














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Other











×









3.2%


Financial














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









3.2%


Energy














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Cyprus, Norway, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, CC, Other











×









2.9%


Food and Beverages














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Automotive














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Chemicals














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









2.6%


Industrials














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


South Korea, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.0%


Paper and Packaging














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, New Zealand, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









1.7%


Consumer Products














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Luxembourg, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Other





















Management















Joseph Welsh, CFA





Managed Fund since
9/99
















David Lukkes, CFA





Managed Fund since
10/15










Investment Approach

The team seeks to invest in the most attractively valued opportunities across the credit spectrum commensurate with underlying risks and other factors. While portfolio managers establish the overall strategy and continuously monitor portfolio level risk exposures, credit analysts are charged with conducting bottom-up, fundamental analysis across the credit spectrum that drives industry allocation and security selection decisions. The result is an actively managed, diversified portfolio of attractively valued senior loans.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


High Yield Corporate Debt Team Risk Management
Positions are sized and monitored according to predetermined limits while portfolio management decisions are constrained by tracking error and concentration limits versus the benchmark. We seek to maintain a highly diversified portfolio, conduct rigorous credit analysis of holdings and adhere to industry/sector overweight and underweight limits.
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm's Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Fixed income investing entails credit risks and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and a fund's share prices can fall. Below-investment-grade ("high yield" or "junk") bonds are more at risk of default and are subject to liquidity risk. Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Product Positioning













Fact Sheet













Fund Commentary













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Sales Charge & Commission Guide









Go to literature center









Insights












Domestic Debt
The Latest on Oppenheimer Senior Floating Rate Fund

July 18, 2017




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team




David Lukkes
Portfolio Manager



Quarterly performance and portfolio positioning for Oppenheimer Senior Floating Rate Fund.











Domestic Debt
Complement Your Core with Senior Loans

January 09, 2017



Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.












Domestic Debt
A Guide to Investing in Senior Loans





A handbook to help investors understand an asset class we believe has great potential.










Press Releases
OppenheimerFunds Receives 21 Lipper Fund Awards

March 27, 2017



OppenheimerFunds announced that 21 of its funds earned 2017 Lipper Fund Awards, in four asset classes.











Domestic Debt
Balancing Income and Volatility in Fixed Income

March 15, 2017



Combining investment-grade bonds and senior loans may improve investor outcomes.












Fixed Income
The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds

February 10, 2017




Taylor Watts
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



Bigger may be better when it comes to gathering information about the senior loan market.











Domestic Debt
Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs

November 17, 2016




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team




Taylor Watts
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



ETFs have taken investment management by storm, but may not be the best choice in all categories.











Domestic Debt
Answers to Key Questions About the Senior Loan Market

May 26, 2016




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Portfolio manager Joe Welsh discusses liquidity, regulations and the state of the market.











Domestic Debt
Senior Loan Market Liquidity in Perspective

December 18, 2015




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Here’s what senior loan liquidity means for investors.











Domestic Debt
Rising Interest Rates? Look to Senior Loans





Floating rate coupons help make senior loans an attractive investment when interest rates rise.












Domestic Debt
Senior Loans: An Investment for Today and the Future

November 14, 2016




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team




David Lukkes
Portfolio Manager




Taylor Watts
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



Senior loans are currently generating the type of yield investors expect from fixed income.












Domestic Debt
Consider Senior Loans as a Core Portfolio Holding






Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Manager Joe Welsh describes the benefits senior loans deliver in most market conditions.












Domestic Debt
Loans to Companies, Opportunities for Investors

August 27, 2015




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Loans helping companies become successful can be attractive investments.











Loading...



×











1. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


2. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


3. 
Access index definitions.


4. 
The dividend (or distribution) yield is based on the pay date immediately preceding the nearest month-end or quarter-end.  The dividend yield for each share class is calculated by annualizing the dividend distributed by the class on that date and dividing that figure by the class's net asset value on that date.  For the Class A dividend yield with sales charge, the annualized Class A dividend distribution is divided by the Class A maximum offering price on that date.  Each result is compounded semiannually and annualized.  Falling share prices artificially increase yields.


5. 
Standardized yield for each share class is based on an SEC standardized formula designed to approximate a Fund's annualized hypothetical current income from securities less expenses for the 30-day period ending and including the most recent month-end or quarter-end and either that date's maximum offering price (Class A shares) or net asset value (for other share classes).  The month-end figure is typically calculated on the fifth business day of the next month. The result is compounded semiannually and annualized.  Falling share prices artificially increase yields.


6. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


7. 
If included in the credit rating breakdown table above, all securities except for those labeled "Treasury", "Agency," and "Unrated," have been rated by at least one Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ("NRSRO"), such as S&P Global Ratings ("S&P"). For securities rated only by an NRSRO other than S&P, OppenheimerFunds converts that rating to the equivalent S&P rating. If two or more NRSROs have assigned a rating to a security, the highest S&P equivalent rating is used. Unrated securities do not necessarily indicate low credit quality, and may or may not be the equivalent of investment-grade. "Investment-grade" securities are securities rated within the NRSROs four highest rating categories, which include AAA, AA, A and BBB. Please consult the Fund's Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information for further information.


8. 
Certain senior loans have a feature that prevents their interest rates from adjusting below a specified minimum level, possibly resulting in the prices of these senior loans becoming more sensitive to changes in interest rates should short term interest rates rise but remain below that minimum level.  This feature is not accounted for in the duration figure quoted above.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩


C. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


D. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )











Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										Money market update 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 

 





	First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)










































 Home 
                             Logon 
                             Mobile Site 
                             Research and Commentary 
                             About Us  
                            Call 1.800.621.1675 or 
                            Email Us                                              
                             Follow Us: 


















Search by Ticker, Keyword or CUSIP       









  
            




 












Unit TrustsSearch Available PortfoliosAll Available PortfoliosUpcoming DepositsRecent DepositsAll Equity PortfoliosAsset Allocation PortfoliosSector PortfoliosTarget Strategy PortfoliosTheme PortfoliosAll Global/International PortfoliosAll Hybrid PortfoliosAll Income PortfoliosEquity Income PortfoliosTaxable Fixed Income PortfoliosTaxfree Fixed Income PortfoliosAdvanced Portfolio SearchesPrimary Trust ListingTrust Listing by MaturitySearch by Style or SectorSearch by StockUIT ToolProduct WatchOther Unit Trust InformationGuide to Unit Investment Trusts (PDF)CUSIP Information (PDF)UIT Tax CenterETFsAvailable Exchange-Traded FundsAll Exchange-Traded Funds--Actively Managed FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)--Alternative FundsFirst Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust CBOE® S&P 500 VIX® Tail Hedge Fund (VIXH)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)--Dynamic Currency Hedged FundsFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Income FundsEquity IncomeFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC)First Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF (RDVY)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Fixed IncomeFirst Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)Hybrid IncomeFirst Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (MDIV)--Sector & Industry FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)First Trust Nasdaq Retail ETF (FTXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF (FTXN)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)First Trust NASDAQ® ABA Community Bank Index Fund (QABA)First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF (FTXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index Fund (FBT)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)MaterialsFirst Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)Real EstateFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund (FRI)TechnologyFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF (SKYY)First Trust Dow Jones Internet Index Fund (FDN)First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (CIBR)First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF (FTXL)First Trust Nasdaq Smartphone Index Fund (FONE)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund (QTEC)First Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)Large Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNLC)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNMC)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Small Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNSC)Micro-CapFirst Trust Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index Fund (FDM)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)--Global/International FundsBroad MarketDeveloped International Equity Select ETF ( RNDM)Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF (RNEM)First Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF (IFV)First Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK)First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Sector & IndustryFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM)First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust NASDAQ Global Auto Index Fund (CARZ)Dividend FocusFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)Dynamic Currency HedgedFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Green/Renewable FundsFirst Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Green Energy Index Fund (QCLN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)--Specialty FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Capital Strength ETF (FTCS)First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF (FVC)First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 (FV)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund (QQEW)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund (QQXT)First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance™ ETF (AIRR)First Trust US Equity Opportunities ETF (FPX)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)All AlphaDEX® Exchange-Traded Funds--AlphaDEX® Global/International FundsBroad MarketFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)--AlphaDEX® Sector FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)MaterialsFirst Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)TechnologyFirst Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--AlphaDEX® Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust ETFs Rated 4 or 5 Stars by MorningstarOther Exchange Traded Fund InformationGuide to Exchange Traded Funds (PDF)Guide to AlphaDEX Enhanced Index ETFs (PDF)Monthly Performance Report (PDF)Exchange-Traded Fund Product List (PDF)AlphaDEX Perspectives (PDF)Quantitative Stock Selection White Paper (PDF)2017 ETF Distribution Schedule (PDF)Search By SectorSearch By StockFund Tax CenterVariable AnnuitiesFirst Trust/Dow Jones Dividend & Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Dorsey Wright Tactical Core PortfolioClosed-End FundsAvailable Closed End FundsAll Closed End Funds--First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)--First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund (FDEU)--First Trust New Opportunities MLP & Energy Fund (FPL)--First Trust Intermediate Duration Preferred & Income Fund  (FPF)--First Trust MLP and Energy Income Fund  (FEI)--First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF)--First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund (FSD)--First Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund (FGB)--First Trust/Aberdeen Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO)--First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II (FHY)--First Trust Mortgage Income Fund (FMY)--First Trust/Aberdeen Global Income Fund (FAM)--First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)--First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)--Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund (MFD)Fund Tax CenterMutual FundsAll Mutual Funds--First Trust AQA® Equity Fund--First Trust Preferred Securities and Income Fund--First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund--First Trust/Confluence Small Cap Value FundFund Tax CenterStructured Products401(k)All 401(k) FundsFirst Trust All Equity Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Target Date Fund Family2010 Fund2020 Fund2030 Fund2040 Fund2050 FundFinancial Advisors: Request a 401(k) ProposalManaged Accounts




















Printer Friendly Page

Fact Sheet







First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)




Fund Summary|News & Literature|Historical Pricing|Distribution History|Contact Fund











Investment Objective/Strategy - The First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's primary investment objective is to seek a high level of current income. As a secondary objective, the Fund will attempt to preserve capital. The Fund will pursue these objectives through investment in a portfolio of senior secured floating rate corporate loans. It is anticipated that at least 80% of the Fund's managed assets will be invested in lower grade debt instruments.


        There can be no assurance that the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved.
    






Fund Overview


TickerFCT

Fund TypeLoan Participation

Investment AdvisorFirst Trust Advisors L.P.

Investor Servicing AgentBNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US) Inc.

CUSIP33733U108

Fiscal Year-End05/31

ExchangeNYSE

Inception5/25/2004

Inception Price$20.00

Inception NAV$19.10








Current Fund Data (as of 7/21/2017)


Closing NAV1$14.25

Closing Share Price2$13.47

Discount to NAV5.47%

Total Managed Assets$540,341,031

Common Shares Outstanding26,696,982

Dividend FrequencyMonthly

Dividend Per Share Amt3$0.0663

Distribution Rate45.91%

Daily Volume80,459

Average 30-Day Daily Volume74,674

Closing Share Price 52-Week High/Low$13.95 / $13.17

Closing NAV 52-Week High/Low$14.37 / $14.05






Expense Ratios (as of 11/30/2016)


Annual ExpensesPercent of Net AssetsPercent of ManagedAssets

Management Fees1.06%0.75%

Other Expenses0.25%0.18%

Total Operating Expenses1.31%0.93%

 

Leverage Costs0.66%0.47%

 

Total Annual Expenses1.97%1.40%

 



		Leverage costs include interest, fees and any upfront/offering costs associated with borrowings by the Fund.
	





Leverage Information (as of 7/21/2017)6


Total Net Assets with Leverage$540,341,031

Amount Attributable to Common Shares$380,341,031

Amount Attributable to Preferred Shares$0

Amount Attributable to Other Borrowings$160,000,000

Leverage (% of Total Net Assets)29.61%






Top 10 Issuers (as of 5/31/2017)7


Holding
Percent


Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
3.04%


Portillo's Holdings LLC
3.02%


Caesars Entertainment Resort Properties LLC
2.83%


Caesars Growth Partners LLC
2.82%


BMC Software Finance, Inc.
2.46%


Vistra Energy Corp. (TXU/TEX/TCEH)
2.40%


Dell, Inc. (Diamond 1 Finance Corp.)
2.18%


Amaya Holdings B.V.
2.10%


CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc.
2.08%


Reynolds Group Holdings, Inc.
1.91%








S&P Ratings (as of 5/31/2017)7








 
S&P Rating
Percent






                            BBB-
                        

                            5.82%
                        






                            BB+
                        

                            4.38%
                        






                            BB
                        

                            7.76%
                        






                            BB-
                        

                            25.55%
                        






                            B+
                        

                            14.89%
                        






                            B
                        

                            21.56%
                        






                            B-
                        

                            8.51%
                        






                            CCC+
                        

                            5.53%
                        






                            CCC
                        

                            3.44%
                        






                            CCC-
                        

                            0.14%
                        






                            CC
                        

                            0.12%
                        






                            C
                        

                            0.04%
                        






                            NR
                        

                            1.93%
                        






                            NR (Privately rated securities)
                        

                            0.33%
                        






			 
                The ratings are by Standard & Poor's except where otherwise indicated. A credit rating is an assessment provided by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) of the creditworthiness of an issuer with respect to debt obligations except for those debt obligations that are only privately rated. Ratings are measured on a scale that generally ranges from AAA (highest) to D (lowest). Investment grade is defined as those issuers that have a long-term credit rating of BBB- or higher. "NR" indicates no rating. The credit ratings shown relate to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying securities in the Fund, and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings are subject to change.
                
		





Portfolio Characteristics (as of 5/31/2017)7


Weighted Average Maturity5.05 Years

Weighted Average Price$98.73

Percent of Assets with LIBOR Floors85.26%



			
					Please note: Weighted average maturity excludes defaulted assets.
                
		







Share Price and NAV History (Since Inception)




Past performance is not indicative of future results.







% Premium/Discount (Since Inception)








Cumulative Total Returns (as of 6/30/2017)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


3 Months
-2.34%
1.20%


1 Year
10.00%
8.34%


3 Years
12.81%
14.81%


5 Years
25.24%
35.00%


10 Years
35.10%
43.74%


Year to Date
-0.90%
1.89%


Inception to Date
56.42%
74.76%







Calendar Year Returns (as of 12/31/2016)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


2005
-5.44%
6.25%


2006
16.19%
7.39%


2007
-9.04%
-0.11%


2008
-49.44%
-47.61%


2009
79.47%
74.18%


2010
22.20%
11.01%


2011
0.81%
2.89%


2012
22.94%
13.04%


2013
1.66%
7.14%


2014
-4.62%
2.27%


2015
1.53%
0.37%


2016
19.47%
12.99%







Average Annual Returns (as of 6/30/2017)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


3 Years
4.10%
4.71%


5 Years
4.60%
6.19%


10 Years
3.05%
3.70%


Inception to Date
3.47%
4.35%






Industry Breakdown (as of 5/31/2017)7


Industry
Percent


Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure
14.30%


Health Care Providers & Services
13.90%


Software
8.19%


Pharmaceuticals
8.09%


Life Sciences Tools & Services
4.97%


Media
4.33%


Electric Utilities
4.26%


Professional Services
4.00%


Food & Staples Retailing
3.85%


Diversified Telecommunication Services
3.65%


Insurance
3.08%


Food Products
3.00%


Containers & Packaging
2.52%


Capital Markets
2.35%


Specialty Retail
2.18%


Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals
2.18%


Diversified Consumer Services
2.13%


Industrial Conglomerates
1.71%


Diversified Financial Services
1.44%


Commercial Services & Supplies
1.29%


Building Products
1.18%


Real Estate Management & Development
0.99%


Health Care Equipment & Supplies
0.95%


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment
0.84%


Aerospace & Defense
0.80%


Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
0.56%


Diversified Business Services
0.46%


Chemicals
0.39%


Consumer Finance
0.39%


Auto Components
0.38%


Health Care Technology
0.38%


Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers
0.36%


Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)
0.22%


Machinery
0.22%


Distributors
0.19%


Trading Companies & Distributors
0.13%


Construction Materials
0.12%


Personal Products
0.02%











Footnotes


1
The NAV represents the fund's net assets (assets less liabilities) divided by the fund's common shares outstanding.


2
Fund shares are purchased and sold on an exchange at their share price rather than net asset value (NAV), which may cause the shares to trade at a price greater than NAV (premium) or less than NAV (discount).


3
Most recent distribution paid or declared to today's date. Subject to change in the future. There is no guarantee that the fund will declare dividends.


4
Distribution rates are calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution paid or declared through today's date and then dividing by the most recent market price. The distribution consists of the sum of net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, net realized long-term capital gains, and return of capital.  Distribution rates may vary. Any distribution adjustment will not be reflected until after the declaration date for the next distribution.  See the fund's 19a-1 Notices, if any, located under the "News & Literature" section of the website for estimates of distribution sources. Final determination of the source and tax status of all distributions paid in the current year will be made after year-end.


5
Total return is the combination of reinvested dividend income and reinvested capital gains distributions, at prices obtained by the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, if any, and changes in the NAV and Share Price.  The NAV total return takes into account the fund's total annual expenses and does not reflect sales load.  Past performance is not indicative of future results.


6
Leverage is a technique where a closed-end fund's manager borrows assets at one rate and invests the proceeds from the borrowed assets at another rate, seeking to increase yield and total return. Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify the effect of any losses.


7
Market value information used in calculating the percentages is based upon trade date plus one recording of transactions, which can differ from regulatory financial reports (Forms N-CSR and N-Q) that are based on trade date recording of security transactions. Holdings are subject to change.













Risk Considerations


    Investment return and market value of an investment in the fund will fluctuate. Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
    

    The Senior Loans in which the fund invests are generally considered to be "high-yield securities". High yield securities are subject to greater market fluctuations and risk of loss than securities with higher ratings. Lower-quality debt tends to be less liquid than higher-quality debt.


    The fund's portfolio is also subject to credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and prepayment risk. Interest rate risk is the risk that fixed-income securities will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates. 
	Credit risk is the risk that an issuer of a security will be unable or unwilling to make dividend, interest and/or principal payments when due and that the value of a security may decline as a result. Credit risk may be heightened for the fund because it invests in below investment grade securities. 
	Liquidity risk is the risk that the fund may have difficulty disposing of senior loans if it seeks to repay debt, pay dividends or expenses, or take advantage of a new investment opportunity.
	Prepayment risk is the risk that, upon a prepayment, the actual outstanding debt on which the fund derives interest income will be reduced. The fund may not be able to reinvest the proceeds received on terms as favorable as the prepaid loan.


    Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify the effect of any losses.


    The risks of investing in the fund are spelled out in the prospectus, shareholder report and other regulatory filings.














        Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • May Lose Value
    












 

                        The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person.  By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor.  Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients.  First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
                    


First Trust Portfolios L.P.  Member SIPC and FINRA.
		                    First Trust Advisors L.P.
		                    



Home | 
		                        Important Legal Information | 
		                        Privacy Policy | 
		                        Business Continuity Plan | 
                                FINRA BrokerCheck



Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.











 



First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August | Business Wire
























































First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly 
      Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August






July 20, 2017 04:57 PM Eastern Daylight Time



WHEATON, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (the "Fund") (NYSE: FCT) 
      has declared the Fund’s regularly scheduled monthly common share 
      distribution in the amount of $0.0663 per share payable on August 15, 
      2017, to shareholders of record as of August 3, 2017. The ex-dividend 
      date is expected to be August 1, 2017. The monthly distribution 
      information for the Fund appears below.
    




First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund 
            II (FCT):





          Distribution per share:
        

           
        

           
        

          $0.0663
        



          Distribution Rate based on the July 19, 2017 NAV of $14.22:
        





          5.59%
        



          Distribution Rate based on the July 19, 2017 closing market price of 
          $13.50:
        





          5.89%
        









           
        



      The majority, and possibly all, of this distribution will be paid out of 
      net investment income earned by the Fund. A portion of this distribution 
      may come from net short-term realized capital gains and/or return of 
      capital. The final determination of the source and tax status of all 
      2017 distributions will be made after the end of 2017 and will be 
      provided on Form 1099-DIV.
    

      The Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The 
      Fund's primary investment objective is to seek a high level of current 
      income. As a secondary objective, the Fund attempts to preserve capital. 
      The Fund pursues these investment objectives by investing in senior 
      secured floating-rate corporate loans.
    

      First Trust Advisors L.P., the Fund's investment advisor, along with its 
      affiliate, First Trust Portfolios L.P., are privately-held companies 
      which provide a variety of investment services, including asset 
      management and financial advisory services, with collective assets under 
      management or supervision of approximately $107 billion as of June 30, 
      2017 through unit investment trusts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end 
      funds, mutual funds and separate managed accounts.
    

      Past performance is no assurance of future results. Investment return 
      and market value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate. Shares, 
      when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
    

      Principal Risk Factors: The Senior Loans in which the Fund invests are 
      generally considered to be "high-yield securities". High yield 
      securities are subject to greater market fluctuations and risk of loss 
      than securities with higher ratings. Lower-quality debt tends to be less 
      liquid than higher-quality debt.
    

      The Fund's portfolio is also subject to credit risk, interest rate risk, 
      liquidity risk and prepayment risk. Interest rate risk is the risk that 
      fixed-income securities will decline in value because of changes in 
      market interest rates. Credit risk is the risk that an issuer of a 
      security will be unable or unwilling to make dividend, interest and/or 
      principal payments when due and that the value of a security may decline 
      as a result. Credit risk may be heightened for the Fund because it 
      invests in below investment grade securities. Liquidity risk is the risk 
      that the fund may have difficulty disposing of senior loans if it seeks 
      to repay debt, pay dividends or expenses, or take advantage of a new 
      investment opportunity. Prepayment risk is the risk that, upon a 
      prepayment, the actual outstanding debt on which the Fund derives 
      interest income will be reduced. The Fund may not be able to reinvest 
      the proceeds received on terms as favorable as the prepaid loan.
    

      Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify 
      the effect of any losses.
    

      The risks of investing in the Fund are spelled out in the shareholder 
      reports and other regulatory filings.
    

      The Fund’s daily closing New York Stock Exchange price and net asset 
      value per share as well as other information can be found at www.ftportfolios.com 
      or by calling 1-800-988-5891.
    




Contacts

      First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund IIPress Inquiries: 
      Jane Doyle, 630-765-8775Analyst Inquiries: Jeff Margolin, 
      630-915-6784Broker Inquiries: Jeff Margolin, 630-915-6784
    



















Contacts

      First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund IIPress Inquiries: 
      Jane Doyle, 630-765-8775Analyst Inquiries: Jeff Margolin, 
      630-915-6784Broker Inquiries: Jeff Margolin, 630-915-6784
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II declares $0.0663 dividend - First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (NYSE:FCT) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II declares $0.0663 dividendJul. 20, 2017  5:01 PM ET|About: First Trust Senior Floating Rate Inco... (FCT)
First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (NYSE:FCT) declares $0.0663/share monthly dividend, in line with previous.
Forward yield 5.92%
Payable Aug. 15; for shareholders of record Aug. 3; ex-div Aug. 1.









 First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II
 FCT


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan TR





S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan TR



MPT Benchmark


BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan TR







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









Bank Loan


Bank Loan


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation FCT





 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 02/28/2017








Cash
1.09
—
1.09
—
13.23






US Stock
0.31
—
0.31
—
0.48






Non US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.04






Bond
91.48
—
91.48
—
85.62






Other
7.12
—
7.12
—
0.63








 
 


 















Style Details FCT





Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 02/28/2017







2017
—
91



2016
—
99



2015
—
97



2014
—
100



2013
—
100





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of 01/31/2016








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	B+





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

5





Average Weighted Price
                        	

—








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
0
—
—










AA
0
—
—






A
0
—
—








BBB
6
—
—








BB
27
—
—








B
60
—
—








Below B
5
—
—








Not Rated
3
—
—








As of 02/28/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings FCT





Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
0.00
—
16.19








 
 
 
 






Corporate
99.07
—
71.20












Corporate Bond
14.43
—
22.68








Bank Loan
84.64
—
48.48








Convertible
0.00
—
0.02








Preferred
0.00
—
0.01








 
 
 
 






Securitized
0.00
—
1.24












Agency Mortgage-Backed
0.00
—
0.03








Non-Agency Residential MBS
0.00
—
0.04








Commercial MBS
0.00
—
0.05








Asset-Backed
0.00
—
1.12








Covered Bond
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
0.93
—
11.37








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
—
0.00








As of 02/28/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
0.00
—
19.00











0% to 4%
13.78
—
58.78








4% to 6%
66.83
—
7.07








6% to 8%
15.77
—
2.76








8% to 10%
3.62
—
12.16








10% to 12%
0.00
—
0.02








More than 12%
0.00
—
0.25








As of 02/28/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 FCT
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
67.86
—
79.02







Canada
25.40
—
3.24







Netherlands
4.48
—
0.79







Ireland
2.26
—
0.73







 






As of 02/28/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 FCT
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
6.38
—
23.59







3 to 5 Years
44.17
—
32.46







5 to 7 Years
48.01
—
40.18







7 to 10 Years
1.44
—
1.07







10 to 15 Years
0.00
—
1.34







15 to 20 Years
0.00
—
0.05







20 to 30 Years
0.00
—
0.07







Over 30 Years
0.00
—
0.08







 






As of 01/31/2016













Bond Duration FCT











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          





Effective Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of 01/31/2016




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				4.83
          





Effective Maturity

	   				—
          













Bond Call Profile
	
	 FCT
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
—
—
—







5 Year +
—
—
—







Non-Callable
—
—
—







 






As of date not available



 























	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 


  XFCTX Quote - First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II   XFCTX:US   NASDAQ GM        14.25USD   0.01   0.07%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/21/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   14.05 - 14.37    1 Yr Return   6.83%    YTD Return   2.62%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   14.24    52Wk Range   14.05 - 14.37    1 Yr Return   6.98%    YTD Return   2.62%    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   High Yield Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/21/2017)   14.25    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/21/2017)   380.341    Inception Date   05/25/2004    Last Dividend (on 08/01/2017)   0.0663    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   5.58%    Fund Managers   BILL HOUSEY / SCOTT FRIES    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.75%    Expense Ratio   1.27%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        BL102070:COR   BMC SOFTWARE FINANCE INC    12.29 m 12.35 m 2.22      BL236095:COR   DELL INTERNATIONAL LLC    11.80 m 11.88 m 2.13      BL133278:COR   AMAYA HOLDINGS BV    11.36 m 11.37 m 2.04      BL235542:COR   REYNOLDS GROUP HOLDINGS    10.35 m 10.43 m 1.87      BL229137:COR   HOSTESS BRANDS LLC    10.28 m 10.40 m 1.87      BL230325:COR   ALBERTSON'S LLC    10.17 m 10.29 m 1.85      BL130448:COR   CAESARS GROWTH PROPERTIE    9.94 m 9.99 m 1.80      BL095797:COR   GARDNER DENVER INC    9.99 m 9.96 m 1.79      BL166887:COR   VALEANT PHARMACEUTICALS    9.66 m 9.73 m 1.75      BL178737:COR   DTZ US BORROWER LLC    9.57 m 9.62 m 1.73           Profile   First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II is a diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA.  The Fund's primary investment objective is to seek a high level of current income.  The Fund invests 80% of its assets in lower grade debt instruments.    Address  First Trust Portfolios LP120 E. Liberty DriveSuite 400Wheaton, IL 60187   Phone  1-630-765-8000   Website   www.ftportfolios.com              


First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August






































Morningstar Hot Topics:

Frontline


Warren Buffett


Volvo


NASDAQ Composite Index


10 Year Treasury


Commercial Banks


JPMorgan Chase


Emerging Markets


Commerce Department

































                                /
                                Free eNewsletters & Magazine




                                /
                                My Account










Quotes
Site





search






























Home


Practice Management


Research & Insights


Alternatives


ETF Managed Portfolios









Archive


Video


Products




Alternatives Screener




Strategy Screener




Advisor Profile


Behavior Gap


Fiduciary Focus


Practice Builder


Retiring With Natalie Choate


Technology




10 Questions


College Savings Educator


Fund Screen


Fund Times


Gray Matters


Investment Briefs


Investment Insights


Investments a la Carte


Market and Economy Quickview


Morningstar Conversation


Phillips Curve


Sector Rap


Spotlight


Stock Screen


Undiscovered Managers








Home>First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August















First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August
First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August

07/21/2017
 First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common Share Distribution of $0.0663 Per Share for August   First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (the "Fund") (NYSE: FCT) has declared the Fund’s regularly scheduled monthly common share distribution in the amount of $0.0663 per share payable on August 15, 2017, to shareholders of record as of August 3, 2017. The ex-dividend date is expected to be August 1, 2017. The monthly distribution information for the Fund appears below. 

     First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT):      Distribution per share:           $0.0663     Distribution Rate based on the July 19, 2017 NAV of $14.22:       5.59%     Distribution Rate based on the July 19, 2017 closing market price of $13.50:       5.89%                 The majority, and possibly all, of this distribution will be paid out of net investment income earned by the Fund. A portion of this distribution may come from net short-term realized capital gains and/or return of capital. The final determination of the source and tax status of all 2017 distributions will be made after the end of 2017 and will be provided on Form 1099-DIV.   The Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's primary investment objective is to seek a high level of current income. As a secondary objective, the Fund attempts to preserve capital. The Fund pursues these investment objectives by investing in senior secured floating-rate corporate loans.   First Trust Advisors L.P., the Fund's investment advisor, along with its affiliate, First Trust Portfolios L.P., are privately-held companies which provide a variety of investment services, including asset management and financial advisory services, with collective assets under management or supervision of approximately $107 billion as of June 30, 2017 through unit investment trusts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, mutual funds and separate managed accounts.   Past performance is no assurance of future results. Investment return and market value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate. Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.   Principal Risk Factors: The Senior Loans in which the Fund invests are generally considered to be "high-yield securities". High yield securities are subject to greater market fluctuations and risk of loss than securities with higher ratings. Lower-quality debt tends to be less liquid than higher-quality debt. 

12Single Page


ShareEmail

Print


Text Size















Our Products

Tools


Advisor Workstation


Morningstar Office


Morningstar Direct




Resources


Advisor e-Newsletters


Morningstar Magazine


Ibbotson SBBI Print Kit




Services



Back Office Services


Managed Portfolios










Contact Us
                        /
                    

Media Kit
                        /
                    

Terms of Use
                        /
                    

Privacy Policy
                        /
                    

Corrections






©2017 Morningstar Advisor. All right reserved.






















First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares Its Monthly Common Share Distribution Of $0.0663 Per Share For July - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares Its Monthly Common Share Distribution Of $0.0663 Per Share For July






Business Wire




Jun 20, 2017 5:30 PM EDT













 


















































  First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (the "Fund") (NYSE: FCT) has declared the Fund's regularly scheduled monthly common share distribution in the amount of $0.0663 per share payable on July 17, 2017, to shareholders of record as of July 6, 2017. The ex-dividend date is expected to be July 3, 2017. The monthly distribution information for the Fund appears below.      First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT):           Distribution per share:     $0.0663     Distribution Rate based on the June 19, 2017 NAV of $14.21:     5.60%     Distribution Rate based on the June 19, 2017 closing market price of $13.46:     5.91%                The majority, and possibly all, of this distribution will be paid out of net investment income earned by the Fund. A portion of this distribution may come from net short-term realized capital gains and/or return of capital. The final determination of the source and tax status of all 2017 distributions will be made after the end of 2017 and will be provided on Form 1099-DIV.  The Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's primary investment objective is to seek a high level of current income. As a secondary objective, the Fund attempts to preserve capital. The Fund pursues these investment objectives by investing in senior secured floating-rate corporate loans.  First Trust Advisors L.P., the Fund's investment advisor, along with its affiliate, First Trust Portfolios L.P., are privately-held companies which provide a variety of investment services, including asset management and financial advisory services, with collective assets under management or supervision of approximately $107 billion as of May 31, 2017 through unit investment trusts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, mutual funds and separate managed accounts.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: TESS, FCT, FSD
TESS FCT FSD are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, August 01, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Jul 29, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FCT, ABAX, CBOE
FCT ABAX CBOE are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, June 01, 2016



TheStreet Wire

May 31, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: FCT, FPL, FPF
FCT FPL FPF are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, May 02, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Apr 29, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: IHD, FCT, IGD
IHD FCT IGD are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, April 01, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Mar 31, 2016 10:00 AM EDT








































 











Trending


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


Amazon 'Deceptive' Pricing Probe by the FTC Could Be the Start of a Government Siege


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Amazon Is Catching Heat in Washington on 5 Things Related to Its Whole Foods Deal


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Floating Rate Fund (PRFRX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Floating Rate Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFRX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.91
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								2.06%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.83
							
							-
							
								$9.95
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$964.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Floating Rate Fund among 
210,
210,
159
and 
N/A
Bank Loan
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's investment objective is to provide high current income and, secondarily, capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							4.03%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					5.66%
				
			

				
					5.66%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.22%
				
			

				
					3.22%
				
			


5 Years

				
					3.96%
				
			

				
					3.96%
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 3.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							3.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							July 29, 2011
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.79%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.79%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Floating Rate Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now














































JPMorgan Floating Rate Income Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Floating Rate Income Fund(JPHAX)A CIR6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
  




Designed ToDesigned to deliver current income with a secondary objective of capital appreciation through a portfolio of floating rate instruments.ApproachInvests primarily in below investment grade floating rate securitiesCombines value-oriented, bottom-up research process with fundamental credit analysis to identify opportunities across sectors, industries and structuresUtilizes disciplined approach to manage fluctuations in interest rates










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager







 Chad A.  Engelbert Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Floating Rate Income (A)




Commentary: Floating Rate Income







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - Floating Rate Income Fund




Supplemental Data Sheet - Floating Rate Income Fund


Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Floating Rate Income Fund




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares and 0.65% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 12/31/2017 for A Shares, 12/31/2017 for C Shares, 12/31/2017 for I Shares and 12/31/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index is an unmanaged market value-weighted index representing the investable universe of the U.S. dollar-denominated leverage loan market. The index reflects reinvestment of all distributions and changes in market prices. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index is an unmanaged index representing SEC-registered taxable and dollar denominated securities. It covers the U.S. investment grade fixed rate bond market, with index components for government and corporate securities, mortgage pass-through, and asset-backed securities. The performance of the Lipper Loan Participation Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. International investing involves special risks, including economic, political, and currency instability - especially in emerging markets. The Fund's investments in emerging markets could lead to more volatility in the value of the Fund's shares. The small size of securities markets and the low trading volume may lead to a lack of liquidity, which leads to increased volatility. Emerging markets may not provide adequate legal protection for private or foreign investment or private property. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. The Fund's investment in equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. When the value of a fund's securities goes down, an investment in a fund decreases in value. The Fund may use futures contracts, swaps, and derivatives in connection with its investment strategies. Derivatives are subject to the risk that changes in the value of a derivative may not correlate perfectly with the underlying asset, rate or index. The Fund may invest all of its assets in Loans that are rated below investment grade. Like other high yield, corporate debt instruments, such Loans are subject to an increased risk of default in the payment of principal and interest as well as the other risks described below. The Fund limits its investments in illiquid securities to no more than 15% of the Fund's net assets at the time of purchase, however loans that are deemed to be liquid at the time of purchase may become illiquid. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. Weighted Average Time to Reset: The weighted average time to reset is derived by multiplying the market value of each instrument by the number of days remaining to the shorter of its next coupon reset, expiry date for a put, or maturity date, adding these calculations, and then dividing the total by the market value of the Fund's total portfolio. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 






Senior Floating Rate Fund (OOSAX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




















Domestic Debt



Senior Floating Rate Fund


1





The Strategy typically invests in senior loans.





Print

Buy





Buy







CLASS A: OOSAX                CUSIP: 68381K101


CLASS B: OOSBX                CUSIP: 68381K200


CLASS C: OOSCX                CUSIP: 68381K309


CLASS I: OOSIX                CUSIP: 68381K606


CLASS R: OOSNX                CUSIP: 68381K507


CLASS Y: OOSYX                CUSIP: 68381K408










Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Standard Investment Chartered Inc
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Product Positioning



Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Go to literature center







Morningstar Tools







Compare Funds



Hypothetical Tool







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 9/8/99

134%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



Domestic Debt



Senior Floating Rate Fund


1






 A 

Share Class






Morningstar Compare
Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

8.98%
3.34%
4.58%
4.09%
4.90%



With Sales Charge

5.16%
2.12%
3.84%
3.72%
4.69%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
1.11%
Net Expense Ratio:

2


 
1.11%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




15Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


3



























Senior Floating Rate Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00























Income Dividend History



B













No income dividends were paid during this time.












Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/21/17



































































 
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



C









Senior Floating Rate Fund
–
7.47
0.18
1.92
11.23
7.20
5.64
7.11
1.52
-29.48
43.51
13.15
2.37
8.44
6.41
0.55
-2.06
12.72

1.94




JPMorgan Leveraged Loan Index


3






4.94


2.65


1.12


11.01


5.60


5.69


7.33


1.88


-28.53


44.87


9.97


1.82


9.40


6.15


2.40


0.54


9.78

—










The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
8.98%


3 Year
3.34%


5 Year
4.58%


10 Year
4.09%


Since Inception
4.90%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
5.16%


3 Year
2.12%


5 Year
3.84%


10 Year
3.72%


Since Inception
4.69%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
8.98%


3 Year
3.34%


5 Year
4.58%


10 Year
4.09%


Since Inception
4.90%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



C





1.94%


1 Year
5.16%


3 Year
2.12%


5 Year
3.84%


10 Year
3.72%


Since Inception
4.69%







Gross Expense Ratio





1.11%





NAV



D







as of 7/21/17


$8.13












Yields


4


5








monthly as of 6/30/17










Standardized SEC Yield


4.39%





Dividend Yield

with sales charge

3.71%



Dividend Yield

w/o sales charge

3.85%







The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Industries


6



06/30/17










Technology

10.8%







Services

9.7%







Gaming Lodging and Leisure

7.6%







Cable and Satellite

6.6%







Broadcasting

6.2%







Telecommunications

5.8%







Healthcare

5.7%







Retail

5.2%







Diversified Media

4.3%







Utility

4.2%









Transportation

3.8%







Metals and Mining

3.5%







Financial

3.2%







Energy

3.2%







Food and Beverages

2.9%







Automotive

2.7%







Chemicals

2.7%







Industrials

2.6%







Paper and Packaging

2.0%







Consumer Products

1.7%










×









10.8%


Technology














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Cayman Islands, India, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Unrated











×









9.7%


Services














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Australia, Canada, Luxembourg, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









7.6%


Gaming Lodging and Leisure














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC











×









6.6%


Cable and Satellite














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Puerto Rico, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









6.2%


Broadcasting














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









5.8%


Telecommunications














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









5.7%


Healthcare














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Spain, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, D, Unrated











×









5.2%


Retail














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC











×









4.3%


Diversified Media














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Unrated











×









4.2%


Utility














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









3.8%


Transportation














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Ireland, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









3.5%


Metals and Mining














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Other











×









3.2%


Financial














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









3.2%


Energy














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Cyprus, Norway, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, CC, Other











×









2.9%


Food and Beverages














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Automotive














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Chemicals














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









2.6%


Industrials














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


South Korea, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.0%


Paper and Packaging














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, New Zealand, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









1.7%


Consumer Products














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Luxembourg, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Other
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








Country 6



NRSRO Credit Rating 7



Asset Allocation 6












84.6%United States








2.6%Luxembourg








1.9%United Kingdom








1.5%Netherlands








1.5%Canada








0.5%France








0.5%Spain








0.4%Puerto Rico








0.3%Cyprus








0.3%New Zealand








0.3%Australia








0.2%India








0.2%Cayman Islands








0.2%Marshall Islands








0.2%South Korea








0.2%Ireland








0.2%Germany








0.1%Norway












42.4%








34.5%








5.9%








5.6%








4.3%








2.0%








0.9%








0.1%












93.1%








2.0%








0.5%


No Industry  in  Corporate Bonds




















Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
-1.42%


Beta
1.27



R-Squared



92.94



Sharpe Ratio



0.88



Standard Deviation



3.54%



Sortino Ratio




0.50



Information Ratio




-0.43







Equity Style















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$14.9 BN

















Portfolio Statistics


8










as of 6/30/17









Turnover Ratio



28.00%



Duration (yrs)



0.2






Dividends

($ per share)




B









Est Frequency
Monthly


Last Pay Date
6/30/17


Per Share ($)
0.0256


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.3486






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Industries


6



06/30/17











Technology

10.8%







Services

9.7%







Gaming Lodging ...

7.6%







Cable and Satel...

6.6%







Broadcasting

6.2%







Telecommunicati...

5.8%







Healthcare

5.7%







Retail

5.2%







Diversified Med...

4.3%







Utility

4.2%








Next







Transportation

3.8%







Metals and Mini...

3.5%







Financial

3.2%







Energy

3.2%







Food and Bevera...

2.9%







Automotive

2.7%







Chemicals

2.7%







Industrials

2.6%







Paper and Packa...

2.0%







Consumer Produc...

1.7%








Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
NRSRO Credit Rating
Asset Allocation








84.6%United States








2.6%Luxembourg








1.9%United Kingdom








1.5%Netherlands








1.5%Canada








0.5%France








0.5%Spain








0.4%Puerto Rico








0.3%Cyprus








0.3%New Zealand








0.3%Australia








0.2%India








0.2%Cayman Islands








0.2%Marshall Islands








0.2%South Korea








0.2%Ireland








0.2%Germany








0.1%Norway












42.4%








34.5%








5.9%








5.6%








4.3%








2.0%








0.9%








0.1%












93.1%








2.0%








0.5%


No Industry  in  Corporate Bonds














×









10.8%


Technology














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Cayman Islands, India, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Unrated











×









9.7%


Services














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Australia, Canada, Luxembourg, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









7.6%


Gaming Lodging and Leisure














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC











×









6.6%


Cable and Satellite














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Puerto Rico, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









6.2%


Broadcasting














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









5.8%


Telecommunications














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









5.7%


Healthcare














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Spain, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, D, Unrated











×









5.2%


Retail














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC











×









4.3%


Diversified Media














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Unrated











×









4.2%


Utility














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC











×









3.8%


Transportation














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Ireland, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, CCC, Unrated











×









3.5%


Metals and Mining














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, Other











×









3.2%


Financial














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, Unrated, Other











×









3.2%


Energy














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Cyprus, Norway, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B, CCC, CC, Other











×









2.9%


Food and Beverages














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Netherlands, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Automotive














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.7%


Chemicals














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









2.6%


Industrials














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


South Korea, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B











×









2.0%


Paper and Packaging














ASSET ALLOCATION


Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Luxembourg, New Zealand, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BB, B











×









1.7%


Consumer Products














ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity, Senior Loans




COUNTRY


Canada, Luxembourg, United States




CREDIT RATING ALLOCATION


BBB, BB, B, Other





















Management















Joseph Welsh, CFA





Managed Fund since
9/99
















David Lukkes, CFA





Managed Fund since
10/15










Investment Approach

The team seeks to invest in the most attractively valued opportunities across the credit spectrum commensurate with underlying risks and other factors. While portfolio managers establish the overall strategy and continuously monitor portfolio level risk exposures, credit analysts are charged with conducting bottom-up, fundamental analysis across the credit spectrum that drives industry allocation and security selection decisions. The result is an actively managed, diversified portfolio of attractively valued senior loans.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


High Yield Corporate Debt Team Risk Management
Positions are sized and monitored according to predetermined limits while portfolio management decisions are constrained by tracking error and concentration limits versus the benchmark. We seek to maintain a highly diversified portfolio, conduct rigorous credit analysis of holdings and adhere to industry/sector overweight and underweight limits.
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm's Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Fixed income investing entails credit risks and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and a fund's share prices can fall. Below-investment-grade ("high yield" or "junk") bonds are more at risk of default and are subject to liquidity risk. Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Product Positioning













Fact Sheet













Fund Commentary













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Sales Charge & Commission Guide









Go to literature center









Insights












Domestic Debt
The Latest on Oppenheimer Senior Floating Rate Fund

July 18, 2017




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team




David Lukkes
Portfolio Manager



Quarterly performance and portfolio positioning for Oppenheimer Senior Floating Rate Fund.











Domestic Debt
Complement Your Core with Senior Loans

January 09, 2017



Adding senior loans to fixed-income portfolios may produce higher yields with lower volatility.












Domestic Debt
A Guide to Investing in Senior Loans





A handbook to help investors understand an asset class we believe has great potential.










Press Releases
OppenheimerFunds Receives 21 Lipper Fund Awards

March 27, 2017



OppenheimerFunds announced that 21 of its funds earned 2017 Lipper Fund Awards, in four asset classes.











Domestic Debt
Balancing Income and Volatility in Fixed Income

March 15, 2017



Combining investment-grade bonds and senior loans may improve investor outcomes.












Fixed Income
The Potential Advantages of Large Senior Loan Funds

February 10, 2017




Taylor Watts
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



Bigger may be better when it comes to gathering information about the senior loan market.











Domestic Debt
Four Reasons to Avoid Passive Loan ETFs

November 17, 2016




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team




Taylor Watts
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



ETFs have taken investment management by storm, but may not be the best choice in all categories.











Domestic Debt
Answers to Key Questions About the Senior Loan Market

May 26, 2016




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Portfolio manager Joe Welsh discusses liquidity, regulations and the state of the market.











Domestic Debt
Senior Loan Market Liquidity in Perspective

December 18, 2015




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Here’s what senior loan liquidity means for investors.











Domestic Debt
Rising Interest Rates? Look to Senior Loans





Floating rate coupons help make senior loans an attractive investment when interest rates rise.












Domestic Debt
Senior Loans: An Investment for Today and the Future

November 14, 2016




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team




David Lukkes
Portfolio Manager




Taylor Watts
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



Senior loans are currently generating the type of yield investors expect from fixed income.












Domestic Debt
Consider Senior Loans as a Core Portfolio Holding






Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Manager Joe Welsh describes the benefits senior loans deliver in most market conditions.












Domestic Debt
Loans to Companies, Opportunities for Investors

August 27, 2015




Joseph Welsh
Head of Senior Corporate Loan Team



Loans helping companies become successful can be attractive investments.











Loading...



×











1. 
Special Risks: Senior loans are typically lower-rated and may be illiquid investments (which may not have a ready market).  The Fund may invest without limit in below-investment-grade securities.  The Fund may invest a variable amount in debt rated below "B." May invest 25% or more of its assets in securities issued by companies in the financial services sector which may be susceptible to economic and regulatory events, and increased volatility.   Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks.  Fixed income investing entails credit and interest rate risks. When interest rates rise, bond prices generally fall, and the Fund’s share prices can fall. Derivative instruments entail higher volatility and risk of loss compared to traditional stock or bond investments. Leverage (borrowing) involves transaction and interest costs on amounts borrowed, which may reduce performance.


2. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


3. 
Access index definitions.


4. 
The dividend (or distribution) yield is based on the pay date immediately preceding the nearest month-end or quarter-end.  The dividend yield for each share class is calculated by annualizing the dividend distributed by the class on that date and dividing that figure by the class's net asset value on that date.  For the Class A dividend yield with sales charge, the annualized Class A dividend distribution is divided by the Class A maximum offering price on that date.  Each result is compounded semiannually and annualized.  Falling share prices artificially increase yields.


5. 
Standardized yield for each share class is based on an SEC standardized formula designed to approximate a Fund's annualized hypothetical current income from securities less expenses for the 30-day period ending and including the most recent month-end or quarter-end and either that date's maximum offering price (Class A shares) or net asset value (for other share classes).  The month-end figure is typically calculated on the fifth business day of the next month. The result is compounded semiannually and annualized.  Falling share prices artificially increase yields.


6. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


7. 
If included in the credit rating breakdown table above, all securities except for those labeled "Treasury", "Agency," and "Unrated," have been rated by at least one Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ("NRSRO"), such as S&P Global Ratings ("S&P"). For securities rated only by an NRSRO other than S&P, OppenheimerFunds converts that rating to the equivalent S&P rating. If two or more NRSROs have assigned a rating to a security, the highest S&P equivalent rating is used. Unrated securities do not necessarily indicate low credit quality, and may or may not be the equivalent of investment-grade. "Investment-grade" securities are securities rated within the NRSROs four highest rating categories, which include AAA, AA, A and BBB. Please consult the Fund's Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information for further information.


8. 
Certain senior loans have a feature that prevents their interest rates from adjusting below a specified minimum level, possibly resulting in the prices of these senior loans becoming more sensitive to changes in interest rates should short term interest rates rise but remain below that minimum level.  This feature is not accounted for in the duration figure quoted above.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price, reinvested distributions and a 3.50% maximum sales charge where indicated.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩


C. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


D. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	CEF Types & Strategies: Floating Rate Funds | Nuveen















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Strategies



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity










			Taxable Income
			 : Floating Rate Funds



			About Floating Rate Debt and Senior Loan Funds

			Floating rate debt typically consists of commercial loans senior to other loans and debt in a company's capital structure, and may also include certain floating rate preferred debt securities. Floating rate senior loans have an interest rate that resets periodically, are usually secured by specific collateral, and are often rated below investment grade. This means they are subject to a greater risk of default than investment-grade securities. In the event of liquidation, investors in these types of loans are given the highest priority for repayment – before holders of preferred and common stock and subordinated bondholders.

			Floating rate debt income typically rises as short-term interest rates rise, as the loans are structured to pay interest based on short term rates plus some additional percentage known as a spread. This means they tend to have low or negative correlation with most bond indexes. Since floating rate funds usually carry lower credit ratings or no credit rating at all, income is expected to be higher in market environments when higher rates are demanded from poor or unrated credits vs. highly rated or government-guaranteed securities ("wide credit spreads").





The types of collateral used to secure floating rate senior loans include:

Accounts receivable
Inventory
Equipment and machinery
Real estate


					Companies typically targeted by portfolio managers may include:

Hotel/restaurant/entertainment and leisure industries
Health care providers and services
Real estate
Chemical industries


					About Nuveen Floating Rate Funds

					Nuveen floating rate funds' dividends can act as a possible hedge against rising short-term interest rates and diversification for your overall income portfolio. Nuveen floating rate senior loan funds can help diversify a portfolio and may help to reduce an investor's overall portfolio volatility.






								Investor Profile

								Are these CEFs right for you?

								The features and investment objectives of these funds might be especially appealing to investors seeking:

High current income potential
Additional diversification within their portfolios
Enhanced capital preservation due to low correlation with other asset classes 


								What are potential risks?

Floating rate funds feature income that rises as short-term interest rates rise. Consequently, if short-term rates fall, the loans’ interest rates also fall, reducing fund income.
Floating rate loans are generally un-rated and not registered, meaning there is often less public information available about the loans. They are often relatively illiquid.










In this section

Floating Rate
Global
Mortgage-Backed
Taxable Municipal
Preferred Securities




			Nuveen's Floating RateDebt Funds
			
			
			
			
			
		


Select a fund...
Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund-JFR
Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund-JQC
Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunity Fund-JRO
Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund-JSD
Nuveen Senior Income Fund-NSL


























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds























Find answers on fixed income funds | findanswers.online



 











































findanswers





Home / Personal Finance / Find answers on fixed income funds 







Sponsored Listings






Best Laptop Deals

prestodeals.com
|
Check out the best deals on Laptops





Auto Accessories Online

prestodeals.com
|
Good quality accessories at affordable prices





Best Price Appliances

prestodeals.com
|
Choose Compare and Shop best appliances





Cool Computer Accessories

prestodeals.com
|
Shop variety computer accessories online








Find answers on fixed income funds






 Find answers on fixed income funds 2.82 (56.36%) 11 votes              



00  Fixed income funds are type of mutual funds, in which you invest your money in a firm and get a fixed income at predicted rates. Read on to find what are the type of fixed income funds available for you to invest in, the risks involved and much more




What are fixed income funds?

+33-12  






Rate this post



Fixed income funds are a type of mutual fund that pay a fixed return. Fixed income funds include government bonds, investment grade corporate bonds etc.



What are Treasury-Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS)?

+12-4  






Rate this post



TIPS are a type of fixed income that protect against inflation. The principal of TIPS increases with inflation and decreases with deflation. As TIPS mature, you are paid the adjustable or original principal whichever is greater.



Do municipalities offer any kind of fixed income funds?

+46-2  






Rate this post



State or city municipalities offer fixed income funds. The interest received on these fixed income funds is tax-free at federal level and for investors who buy these bonds at their state of residence.



What are junk bonds?

+15-1  






Rate this post



High-yield fixed income funds are called junk bonds because of their low credit ratings. They typically have higher yield than investment grade corporate bonds and come with additional credit risk. Thus higher yield is offered at higher risk.



How does a foreign currency affect the yield of a fixed income fund?

+50  






Rate this post



International fixed income fund, are dependent on the price of the foreign currency. When you buy a international fixed income bond, you can take the advantage of the foreign currencies’ appreciation or depreciation and invest in these kinds of fixed income funds.



What is the difference between fixed income and stocks?

+6-2  






 What is the difference between fixed income and stocks? 2 (40%) 1 vote              



Stocks point to the fact that the investors have part in ownership of the company that they have invested in. Fixed income investors are more of creditors as they lend their money to firms.



What are the risk involved in fixed income funds?

0-5  






Rate this post



Risks such as credit risks, inflation risks, call risk and interest rates risk are involved in fixed income funds.



What are fixed income securities?

+6-1  






Rate this post



A fixed income security provides periodic income payments at an interest or dividend rate that is known in advance by the holder. Fixed income securities include treasury bonds, corporate bonds, and certificate of deposits.



Where can I get, advice regarding investment in fixed income funds?

+6-4  






Rate this post



You can ask for advice on investing in fixed income funds from a financial advisor or subscribe online to investment sites that offer advice on how to invest your money into bonds that yield high interest rates.







Sponsored Listings






Symptoms of Asthma

personaledoctor.com
|
Asthma: Triggers & Treatment





About Diet and Nutrition

personaledoctor.com
|
Important information on diet and nutrition





Cancer Awareness

personaledoctor.com
|
Read frequently asked questions on cancer





Quick Fitness Tips

personaledoctor.com
|
Find Useful Information About Fitness and Health










Related Questions

Find answers for queries on health insurance
Find answers on how to apply for a credit card online
Find answers on how to open a business checking account
Find answers on how to open savings and checking accounts
Find answers on IRA investments








Ask A Question

Ask questions, get answers, help others and connect with people who have similar interests.
Ask Now























 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


J29s3ymkMVargesEbyLmvsu

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















 


Direxion Inverse, Leveraged ETF Overview | Direxion


























 






























 
Just One Percent Could Mean a -17.45% Loss!
The yield on the 30 Year US Treasury was 3.08% as of 03/03/2017. Should interest rates rise just 1%, the value of that security will drop -17.45%!
Potential Impact of a Fed Funds Rate Increase on the 7-10 and 30 Year US Treasurys

 Source: Bloomberg. CHART IS FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY.
 
Are you prepared?
In the Federal Open Market Committee’s December meeting, it raised interest rates by 25 basis points and indicated the possibility of multiple rate increases in 2017. During its most recent meeting in February, the committee hinted at the possibility of raising rates “fairly soon.” In this time of rising interest rates, you probably have heard a lot about what it means for consumers — namely, higher borrowing costs. But what does it mean for traders?
Contrary to some expectations, after the last rate hike, broader market forces drove some U.S. Treasury yields down. While the Fed can orchestrate a rise the Fed Funds Rate (its overnight target rate), buying and selling by investors worldwide is what dictates the movement of yields in the $12.9 trillion Treasurys market. High global demand for U.S. Treasurys, may in fact lower yields, potentially creating a conflict with the Fed’s plans to raise U.S. interest rates.

Navigate the changing Treasurys markets.
Demand is increasing for numerous reasons. Uncertain global growth, regulatory changes, and investors boosting cash holdings due to the perception that markets may be at a peak, all contribute to the bid for U.S. Treasurys. Over the last few months, investors have anticipated that a Fed move would mean declining prices in Treasurys. However, market forces make that less of a foregone conclusion.
Direxion Leveraged and Inverse Treasury ETFs
Direxion Daily Leveraged and Inverse U.S. Treasury ETFs are tools that may help mitigate loss for a bond portfolio, and an opportunity to profit for traders.
Below is a list of  Leveraged and Inverse  U.S. Treasury Bull and Bear ETFs. These ETFs allow you to position your portfolio for bond price fluctuations, by either hedging an existing long position, or simply seeking profits.



 NAVs and market price information as of July 21, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




TYNS

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X Shares

ICE U.S. Treasury 7-10 Year Bond Index (IDCOT7TR)
-100%

Prospectus



TYBS

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X Shares

ICE U.S. Treasury 20+ Year Bond Index (IDCOT20TR)
-100%

Prospectus



TYD

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares

ICE U.S. Treasury 7-10 Year Bond Index (IDCOT7TR)
300%

Prospectus



TYO

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares

ICE U.S. Treasury 7-10 Year Bond Index (IDCOT7TR)
-300%

Prospectus



TMF

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares

ICE U.S. Treasury 20+ Year Bond Index (IDCOT20TR)
300%

Prospectus



TMV

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares

ICE U.S. Treasury 20+ Year Bond Index (IDCOT20TR)
-300%

Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





TYNS

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X Shares

NAV
0.50
-1.47
-2.65
3.14
-4.36
-3.14

-5.40

3/23/2011

4.18 						/
						 0.49*					


Market Close
-1.02
-3.19
-3.75
2.19
-4.70
-3.27

-5.55








TYBS

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X Shares

NAV
-0.82
-4.21
-6.01
6.77
-8.00
-5.18

-10.11

3/23/2011

1.01 						/
						 0.50*					


Market Close
-1.54
-4.22
-6.43
6.19
-8.08
-5.25

-10.16








TYD

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares

NAV
-1.77
3.67
6.20
-13.68
6.12
2.62

7.54

4/16/2009

1.67 						/
						 1.06*					


Market Close
-0.29
4.71
7.99
-12.26
6.56
2.83

7.68








TYO

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares

NAV
1.36
-4.65
-8.36
8.60
-13.13
-10.09

-15.24

4/16/2009

1.23 						/
						 1.10*					


Market Close
1.15
-4.58
-8.68
8.88
-13.24
-10.14

-15.23








TMF

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares

NAV
1.88
12.00
15.90
-26.36
10.95
1.50

6.60

4/16/2009

1.08 						/
						 1.08*					


Market Close
1.98
12.01
15.91
-26.28
10.91
1.50

6.50








TMV

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares

NAV
-2.74
-12.90
-18.53
16.68
-26.07
-18.67

-27.27

4/16/2009

1.05 						/
						 1.05*					


Market Close
-2.74
-12.78
-18.60
16.47
-26.05
-18.67

-27.22












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




TYNS

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X Shares

28.06
-0.05
-0.18
28.23


0.17


TYBS

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X Shares

20.37
-0.08
-0.39
20.37
-0.08
						-0.39



TYD

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares

45.16
0.23
0.51
45.32
0.42
						0.94
0.16


TYO

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares

13.86
-0.08
-0.57
13.84
-0.06
						-0.43
-0.02


TMF

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares

21.32
0.26
1.23
21.32
0.27
						1.28



TMV

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares

19.12
-0.24
-1.24
19.13
-0.21
						-1.09
0.01








Ticker
Fund Name
Record Date
Ex Date
Pay Date
Income Dividend
Short-Term Capital Gain
Long-Term Capital Gain




TYD

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares


12/22/2016


12/20/2016


12/28/2016


2.84233



TYD

Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares


12/14/2015


12/10/2015


12/17/2015


0.72746





TMF

Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X Shares


6/22/2017


6/20/2017


6/27/2017

0.01836








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95% for TYD, TYO, and TMF; 0.92% for TMV; and 0.45% for TYNS and TYBS. The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% for TYD, TYO, TMF, and TMV; and 0.45% for TYNS and TYBS of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at www.direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus. Index performance does not include any fees or expenses, are unmanaged and cannot be invested in directly.




Get More Information Keep Up To Date With Direxion:

Fund launches and updates
Educational publications
Webinar and event invitations



First Name*
Last Name*
Company
Investment Professional Type*-- Please Select --Individual InvestorRegistered Investment AdvisorWirehouse/RegionalIndependent Broker DealerHedge FundInstitutional InvestorMarket MakerAuthorized ParticipantProp DeskPension Fund- State/GovernmentPension Fund - Corporate/PrivateEndowment/Foundation - PrivateOther
Email Address*
State or Province*-- Please Select --AlaskaAlabamaArkansasAmerican SamoaArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutD.C.DelawareFloridaMicronesiaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIowaIdahoIllinoisIndianaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMassachusettsMarylandMaineMarshall IslandsMichiganMinnesotaMissouriMarianasMississippiMontanaNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaNebraskaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNevadaNew YorkOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoPalauRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaVirgin IslandsVermontWashingtonWisconsinWest VirginiaWyomingMilitary AmericasMilitary Europe/ME/CanadaMilitary PacificAlbertaManitobaBritish ColumbiaNew BrunswickNewfoundland and LabradorNova ScotiaNorthwest TerritoriesNunavutOntarioPrince Edward IslandQuebecSaskatchewanYukon Territory
Business Phone
Zip or Postal Code*
Contact Me


 
















Web - Floating Rate Income Funds





























































 








Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to Floating Rate Income Funds



nuveen floating rate income fund


what are floating rate funds


blackrock floating rate fund


floating rate mutual funds


closed end floating rate funds


fidelity floating rate fund


fidelity floating rate high income


floating rate high income funds
 





Ads


 


News Results



First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II Declares its Monthly Common…

Business Wire, 7/20/2017
WHEATON, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (the "Fund") (NYSE: FCT) has declared the Fund’s regularly scheduled monthly common share distribution in the…



NB Global Floating Rate Income Fund : Transaction in Own Shares

4 Traders, 7/17/2017
The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 14 June 2017 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares, it repurchased…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



FFRHX Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund FFRHX Quote ...


www.morningstar.com/funds/XNAS/FFRHX/quote.html

Today's real-time FFRHX fund quote Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income ticker symbol FFRHX price, snapshot, NAV, ratings, historical returns, news, risk measures, fees.



Floating Rate Income Fund | BFRIX | Institutional


www.blackrock.com/…ing/products/227530/blackrock...

The BlackRock Floating Rate Income Fund has a 25-year track record of balancing income and quality, seeking out attractive income while carefully managing portfolio risk.



Floating Rate Income Fund - BlackRock


www.blackrock.com/…g/literature/fact-sheet/bfrix...

2 % of net assets represents the Fund's exposure based on the economic value of securities and is adjusted for futures, options, swaps, and convertible bonds.



Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRAX)


money.usnews.com/…ating-rate-high-income-fund/ffrax

See Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRAX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund ...



Floating Rate Income Fund | Neuberger Berman


www.nb.com/…products/floating-rate-income-fund.aspx

Seeks current yield, diversification and protection against rising interest rates and inflation



Floating Rate Bond Funds - 7% (And Rising) Yields ...


seekingalpha.com/article/4032398

Floating rate securities, like the Nuveen Floating Rate Income (NYSE:JFR) fund, have served as a bond alternative in my portfolio. The funds typically ...



John Hancock Investments - Floating Rate Income Fund (A ...


www.jhinvestments.com/…?ProductType=MutualFund&F...

Goal and Strategy. The fund seeks a high level of current income. The Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in floating rate loans, which often include debt ...



Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRAX)


money.usnews.com/…utual-funds/bank-loan/fidelity...

See Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRAX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund ...



CEF Types & Strategies: Floating Rate Funds | Nuveen


www.nuveen.com/…pes/TaxableIncomeDebt.aspx?Fund=...

Floating rate funds feature income that rises as short-term ... Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its ...



Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund (PFLRX)


www.putnam.com/…nds/539-floating-rate-income-fund/A

An income fund that can benefit from higher interest rates. Learn more about Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund (Class A).



Floating Rate Fund Definition | Investopedia


www.investopedia.com/…erms/f/floating-rate-fund.asp

A mutual fund that invests in financial instruments with a variable or floating interest rate. A floating rate fund invests in bonds ... to a fixed-income ...



JFR - Nuveen Floating Rate Income Fund | Nuveen


www.nuveen.com/…duct/Overview.aspx?FundCode=JFR&...

Objective The fund's investment objective is to achieve a high level of current income by investing in adjustable rate secured and unsecured senior loans and other ...



Catalyst Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund


www.catalystmutualfunds.com/…f/CatalystPrinceton...

The Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund offers an investment opportunity for





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 








Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us





























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































