


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights










































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.42
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.05
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.07%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1082,
1082,
935
and 
677
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Fri Jul 21 23:01:29 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Sat Jul 22 20:14:46 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 









 









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 


























 









































Products | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  


















Products










Investment products to help you pursue your financial goals









Funds and Other Investments


Our funds are designed to help you meet your real-life needs.




 Mutual Funds 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 


               Funds of Funds 
             

 







Managed portfolios created and monitored by senior investment professionals using rigorous fund and portfolio analysis.




 American Funds Portfolio Series℠ 
 American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠ 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 American Funds College Target Date Series® 
 




 
 










College Savings


We’re helping over 1 million families invest for higher education.




 CollegeAmerica® 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 













Employer-Sponsored Retirement Plans


Learn more about our retirement options for businesses.




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 










Individual Retirement


See our retirement investment options for individuals.




 IRAs (Traditional and Roth) 
 

















































  



























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. 













































Closex
 





























































































Investments | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 





















































































































































The Income Fund of America - AMECX | American Funds




















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Income Fund of America                                                ®


















EQUITY-INCOME FUNDS



The Income Fund of America

				®  (AMECX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





An emphasis on income.						  
Flexibility is the keyword for this fund, which seeks above-average current income and growth of capital through a wide mix of stocks and bonds. Up to 25% of assets can be invested in stocks of companies based outside the United States and up to 20% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB and below).					





						Price at NAV 
					

$22.81					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$106,379.6
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

9					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.56%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



9.55%
1-year return

        


9.36%
5-year return

        


5.36%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



3.23%
1-year return

        


8.08%
5-year return

        


4.73%
10-year return

        



2.70%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities50.4%

Non-U.S. Equities22.6%



U.S. Bonds18.4%

Non-U.S. Bonds3.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AMECX through 07/21/2017.
            

 AMECX




 







			Market Capitalization
					



90.2%
Large


8.9%
Medium


0.9%
Small


$73,254.93 Million
Weighted Average
			




As of 
03/31/2017			(updated quarterly). 
 Morningstar data as of 
06/30/2017				(updated quarterly).

			









Morningstar Ownership ZoneTM















Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


 Weighted average of holdings


 75% of fund's stock holdings


 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 (updated quarterly)





INSIGHTS ON THE MORNINGSTAR OWNERSHIP ZONE
			










Fund Statistics 
			




8.7 years
Average Life 


6.3 years
Average Duration 


4.2%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


4.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.













Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objectives are to provide current income while secondarily striving for capital growth.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Seeks investments in both the stock and bond markets that provide an opportunity for above-average current income and long-term capital growth.					



						Types of Investments
					

Invests primarily in common or preferred stocks, convertible securities, bonds, U.S. and other government securities, cash and cash equivalents.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in equities of companies outside the U.S. and up to 10% of assets in fixed-income securities outside the U.S. that are denominated in U.S. dollars.			         



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest only 20% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality).			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							12/01/1973

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$106,379.6

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 7/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							700+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							2,315,711

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							52%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Jul

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							453320 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							6












        Returns



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 AMECX
 
Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures



Equities | Fixed Income




For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 equity   
																				  funds
		

 AMECX
 Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.97%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

2.80%					

2.70%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Valuation
		






Price/
Price/
Price/



Book 
Cash Flow 
Earnings 




Fund

2.85
					
9.73					

18.67					



Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index 

2.82					

11.50					

19.94					




Fund as of  6/30/17. Index as of  6/30/17.











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Hilda L. Applbaum

30
22
19



David C. Barclay

36
29
21



David A. Daigle

23
23
10



Paul Flynn

21
19
4



Joanna F. Jonsson

28
27
14



James R. Mulally

41
37
10



Dina N. Perry

39
25
25



John H. Smet

35
34
24



Andrew B. Suzman

24
24
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (334)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(334 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(291 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(210 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Low

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


11.01                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.48                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
                        

                            Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD
                        


R-squared 

91                        

93                        


Beta 

0.69                        

1.07                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
69/70
113/109










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
4.7%


AAA/Aaa
2.3%


AA/Aa
0.6%


A
2.3%


BBB/Baa
3.8%


BB/Ba
3.5%


B
3.0%


CCC & Below
0.7%


Unrated
0.8%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
11.1%


5-9.9 Years
6.6%


10-19.9 Years
0.5%


20-29.9 Years
3.4%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings







Equities Breakdown


Bonds Breakdown 








Sectors  | Top Industries





Equity Fund Holdings






Industrials
11.2%




Financials
9.4%




Consumer staples
8.6%




Information technology
8.5%




Energy
6.6%




Consumer discretionary
6.4%




Health care
5.8%




Real estate
5.3%




Materials
4.9%




Telecommunication services
3.7%




Utilities
2.6%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



Banks
6.2%


Pharmaceuticals
5.6%


Oil, gas & consumable fuels
5.5%


Equity real estate investment trusts (REITs)
5.3%


Semiconductors & semiconductor equipment
4.6%


Aerospace & defense
4.1%


Tobacco
3.7%


Chemicals
3.6%


Hotels, restaurants & leisure
3.3%


Software
3.3%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).






Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
13.8%


Energy
2.2%


Consumer discretionary
2%


Health Care
1.9%


Financials
1.7%


Telecommunication services
1.3%


Materials
1%


Utilities
1%


Industrials
0.9%


Information technology
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.5%


Consumer staples
0.4%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
4.8%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
2%


Agency
1.8%


Commercial
0.1%


Non-Agency
0.1%









Convertible securities
0.7%







Asset-backed obligations
0.4%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 Top Equities





Microsoft
3.3%


Lockheed Martin
1.9%


McDonald's
1.9%


Merck
1.9%


Intel
1.8%


General Electric
1.7%


JPMorgan Chase
1.7%


Wells Fargo
1.6%


Enbridge
1.4%


Procter & Gamble
1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).


QUARTERLY HOLDINGS







Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

4.7%



Fannie Mae

1.0%



Goldman Sachs

0.6%



Freddie Mac

0.6%



General Electric

0.2%



Ginnie Mae

0.2%



Cheniere Energy

0.2%



Charter Communications

0.2%



JPMorgan Chase

0.2%



Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

0.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
						
							Top Countries 
				










United States
68.80%


Europe
17.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
4.50%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
4.10%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        









United States
68.8%


United Kingdom
9.1%


Canada
2.7%


France
2.1%


Germany
1.8%


Taiwan
1.3%


Hong Kong
1.1%


Australia
1.1%


Spain
0.8%


Ireland
0.7%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












The New Geography of Investing ®
				









Equity Portion Breakdown by Domicile
		| 
Equity Portion Breakdown by Revenue









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

68.9%


100.0%





			Canada
		

2.7%


0.0%





			Europe
		

22.1%


0.0%





			Japan
		

0.2%


0.0%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.8%


0.0%





			Emerging Markets
		

3.3%


0.0%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).









 
Regions
Fund


			Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index








			United States
		

52%


63%





			Canada
		

3%


2%





			Europe
		

16%


12%





			Japan
		

3%


3%





			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

4%


1%





			Emerging Markets
		

22%


19%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).








 Fund Breakdown by Domicile






Regions
Fund


						    Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index







			United States
		

50.5%


100.0%




			Canada
		

2.0%


0.0%




			Europe
		

16.2%


0.0%




			Japan
		

0.1%


0.0%




			Asia-Pacific ex. Japan
		

2.1%


0.0%




			Emerging Markets
		

2.4%


0.0%




			Cash & Equivalents


5.4%


--




			Fixed Income
		

21.3%


--



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).

 








Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/15/17
03/15/17
03/16/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.27


06/14/17
06/14/17
06/15/17
$0.165
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$22.74






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.33


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.33




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/15/2017


0.00000000
06/16/2017


0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.22%


Other Expenses
0.10%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.56%


Lipper 		 Income (Mixed Equity)
 Funds Average
	


1.08%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for AMECX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
09/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
03/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
09/16





		2016 Investment Insights -The Income Fund of America single sheet (class A version)
	
(PDF) 
08/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 





		Risk & Return scattergram
	
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The Morningstar Ownership Zone™ provides detail about a portfolio's equity investment style by showing the range of stock sizes and styles. A portfolio's Ownership Zone™ is derived by plotting each stock in the fund's portfolio within the proprietary Morningstar Style Box™. The shaded area represents the center 75% of the fund's assets, and it provides an intuitive visual representation of the area of the market in which the fund invests. A "centroid" plot in the middle of the Ownership Zone represents the weighted average of all the fund's holdings. A fund that is concentrated will have a small ownership zone relative to the area of the style box, and broadly diversified fund will have an ownership zone that stretches across many sizes and style. Over a period of time, the shape and location of a fund's ownership zone may vary. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.
Valuation  Price-to-Cash Flow: Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund.
Valuation  Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.
Valuation: Price-to-book ratio compares a stock's market value to the value of total assets less total liabilities (book value). Adjusted for stock splits. Price-to-cash-flow (P/C) ratio is the average price to cash flow ratio of the individual stocks within a fund. Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio takes the current price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. The ratio reflects the cost of a given stock per dollar of current annual earnings and is the most common measure of a stock's expense. The higher the P/E, the more investors are paying, and therefore the more earnings growth they are expecting.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index     
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     
Lipper Income Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Saturday, December 01, 1973) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1973), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Income Fund of America (AMECX)
 
Index 




Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 5.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


S&P 500: A market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of 500 widely held common stocks.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  equity funds.


Equity Funds | Fixed Income Funds
 
Index 
 


Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Income Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AMECX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































 









































The Capital Advantage | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 























Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                  MY ACCOUNTS 
                 See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                  INVESTMENTS 
                 See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                  INSIGHTS 
                 See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                  PRODUCTS 
                 See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                  PLANNING 
                 See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                  SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                 See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  






























The Capital Advantage










The Capital Advantage℠ Can Help You Pursue Greater Wealth 
























The difference between financial success and shortfall can hinge on the selection of an investment manager. The evidence shows American Funds equity funds have a long history of outpacing the market and helping investors achieve their objectives.








Don’t Settle for Average














  





American Funds has a track record of superior returns. Our equity-focused funds have consistently added value over a variety of market cycles and have outpaced their indexes the majority of the time.







READ















 The Equity-Focused American Funds Have a Long History of Outpacing the Market  Our Investment Management Has Provided Investors With an Advantage  





    





Data from published sources were calculated internally.1 


















 Related Insights 























Q&A: Why We Believe You Can Beat the Index
Results: Beating the First Index Fund Over Its Lifetime













Think it’s a Matter of Luck? Think Again
Video: Why Settle for Average?





















Be Selective














  





The selection of funds that meet key criteria can be crucial in portfolio construction. Look for low fees and high manager ownership. Together, those traits can be a powerful combination for investors. 







READ















 Characteristics of Core Funds That Added Value  Two Screens Can Help Sharpen Your Search  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.2



















Why It Matters 














  






The selection of an investment manager with a proven track record of consistently outpacing the broad market is crucial. The right decision can transform long-term investment outcomes and make the difference between financial success and shortfall. 







READ















 The Capital Advantage Can Be the Difference Between Success and Shortfall  Equity-Focused American Funds Provided a Significant Advantage for Investors  





    





Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data.3



















1Numbers of periods are based on rolling monthly data for all funds — reducing entry- and exit-point bias and better reflecting the range of entry points experienced by investors. American Funds represents 17 equity-focused funds, in aggregate: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Mutual Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, EuroPacific Growth Fund, Fundamental Investors, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, SMALLCAP World Fund and Washington Mutual Investors Fund. For each fund’s comparable index/index blend, see Methodology. Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.
2Source: Capital Group, based on Morningstar data. Based on monthly returns from January 1996 to December 2015. U.S. funds are those in the Morningstar Large Value, Large Blend and Large Growth categories. U.S. index is S&P 500. International funds are those in the Morningstar Foreign Large Value, Foreign Large Blend and Foreign Large Growth categories. International index is MSCI ACWI ex USA. The indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index. Unless otherwise indicated, all distributions were reinvested.
3Based on monthly returns net of fees. Average annualized returns include withdrawals. See Appendix for methodology.










































 Replace Myths With Facts 










Take a second look at some common misperceptions about index investing.
Myth 1: You Can’t Beat the Index
Myth 2: Index Funds Are Safer










  The Select Investment Scorecard  





  





Use this scorecard to see how a group of Select Equity funds has, on average, outpaced the index over one-, three-, five-, and 10-year rolling periods.










About American Funds




 The Capital SystemSM: Our Proven, Decades-Long Approach We believe in a smarter way of investing — one that combines individuality and teamwork to help investors meet their goals. 
 


























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 


Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.











































Closex
 


























 





	First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)










































 Home 
                             Logon 
                             Mobile Site 
                             Research and Commentary 
                             About Us  
                            Call 1.800.621.1675 or 
                            Email Us                                              
                             Follow Us: 


















Search by Ticker, Keyword or CUSIP       









  
            




 












Unit TrustsSearch Available PortfoliosAll Available PortfoliosUpcoming DepositsRecent DepositsAll Equity PortfoliosAsset Allocation PortfoliosSector PortfoliosTarget Strategy PortfoliosTheme PortfoliosAll Global/International PortfoliosAll Hybrid PortfoliosAll Income PortfoliosEquity Income PortfoliosTaxable Fixed Income PortfoliosTaxfree Fixed Income PortfoliosAdvanced Portfolio SearchesPrimary Trust ListingTrust Listing by MaturitySearch by Style or SectorSearch by StockUIT ToolProduct WatchOther Unit Trust InformationGuide to Unit Investment Trusts (PDF)CUSIP Information (PDF)UIT Tax CenterETFsAvailable Exchange-Traded FundsAll Exchange-Traded Funds--Actively Managed FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)--Alternative FundsFirst Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust CBOE® S&P 500 VIX® Tail Hedge Fund (VIXH)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)--Dynamic Currency Hedged FundsFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Income FundsEquity IncomeFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC)First Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF (RDVY)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Fixed IncomeFirst Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)Hybrid IncomeFirst Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (MDIV)--Sector & Industry FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)First Trust Nasdaq Retail ETF (FTXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF (FTXN)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)First Trust NASDAQ® ABA Community Bank Index Fund (QABA)First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF (FTXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index Fund (FBT)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)MaterialsFirst Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)Real EstateFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund (FRI)TechnologyFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF (SKYY)First Trust Dow Jones Internet Index Fund (FDN)First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (CIBR)First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF (FTXL)First Trust Nasdaq Smartphone Index Fund (FONE)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund (QTEC)First Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)Large Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNLC)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNMC)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Small Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNSC)Micro-CapFirst Trust Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index Fund (FDM)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)--Global/International FundsBroad MarketDeveloped International Equity Select ETF ( RNDM)Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF (RNEM)First Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF (IFV)First Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK)First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Sector & IndustryFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM)First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust NASDAQ Global Auto Index Fund (CARZ)Dividend FocusFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)Dynamic Currency HedgedFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Green/Renewable FundsFirst Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Green Energy Index Fund (QCLN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)--Specialty FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Capital Strength ETF (FTCS)First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF (FVC)First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 (FV)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund (QQEW)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund (QQXT)First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance™ ETF (AIRR)First Trust US Equity Opportunities ETF (FPX)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)All AlphaDEX® Exchange-Traded Funds--AlphaDEX® Global/International FundsBroad MarketFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)--AlphaDEX® Sector FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)MaterialsFirst Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)TechnologyFirst Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--AlphaDEX® Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust ETFs Rated 4 or 5 Stars by MorningstarOther Exchange Traded Fund InformationGuide to Exchange Traded Funds (PDF)Guide to AlphaDEX Enhanced Index ETFs (PDF)Monthly Performance Report (PDF)Exchange-Traded Fund Product List (PDF)AlphaDEX Perspectives (PDF)Quantitative Stock Selection White Paper (PDF)2017 ETF Distribution Schedule (PDF)Search By SectorSearch By StockFund Tax CenterVariable AnnuitiesFirst Trust/Dow Jones Dividend & Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Dorsey Wright Tactical Core PortfolioClosed-End FundsAvailable Closed End FundsAll Closed End Funds--First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)--First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund (FDEU)--First Trust New Opportunities MLP & Energy Fund (FPL)--First Trust Intermediate Duration Preferred & Income Fund  (FPF)--First Trust MLP and Energy Income Fund  (FEI)--First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF)--First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund (FSD)--First Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund (FGB)--First Trust/Aberdeen Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO)--First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II (FHY)--First Trust Mortgage Income Fund (FMY)--First Trust/Aberdeen Global Income Fund (FAM)--First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)--First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)--Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund (MFD)Fund Tax CenterMutual FundsAll Mutual Funds--First Trust AQA® Equity Fund--First Trust Preferred Securities and Income Fund--First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund--First Trust/Confluence Small Cap Value FundFund Tax CenterStructured Products401(k)All 401(k) FundsFirst Trust All Equity Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Target Date Fund Family2010 Fund2020 Fund2030 Fund2040 Fund2050 FundFinancial Advisors: Request a 401(k) ProposalManaged Accounts




















Printer Friendly Page

Fact Sheet







First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)




Fund Summary|News & Literature|Historical Pricing|Distribution History|Contact Fund











Investment Objective/Strategy - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's investment objective is to provide a high level of current income and gains and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation. The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a diversified portfolio of equity securities. Under normal market conditions, the Fund pursues an integrated investment strategy in which the Fund invests substantially all of its managed assets in a diversified portfolio of common stocks of U.S. corporations and U.S. dollar-denominated equity securities of non-U.S. issuers, in each case that are traded on U.S. securities exchanges, and on an ongoing and consistent basis writes (sells) covered call options on a portion of the Fund's managed assets.


        There can be no assurance that the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved.
    






Fund Overview


TickerFFA

Fund TypeEquity Income

Investment AdvisorFirst Trust Advisors L.P.

Portfolio Manager/Sub-AdvisorChartwell Investment Partners

Investor Servicing AgentBNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US) Inc.

CUSIP337318109

Fiscal Year-End12/31

ExchangeNYSE

Inception8/26/2004

Inception Price$20.00

Inception NAV$19.10








Current Fund Data (as of 7/21/2017)


Closing NAV1$16.19

Closing Share Price2$15.09

Discount to NAV6.79%

Total Net Assets$323,399,636

Common Shares Outstanding19,973,164

Dividend FrequencyQuarterly

Dividend Per Share Amt3$0.2850

Distribution Rate47.55%

Daily Volume18,885

Average 30-Day Daily Volume60,243

Closing Share Price 52-Week High/Low$15.11 / $12.61

Closing NAV 52-Week High/Low$16.41 / $14.46






Expense Ratios (as of 12/31/2016)


Annual ExpensesPercent of Net Assets

Management Fees1.00%

Other Expenses0.13%

 

Total Annual Expenses1.13%

 






Top 10 Holdings (as of 5/31/2017)7


Holding
Percent


Apple, Inc.
5.94%


Microsoft Corp.
3.85%


Philip Morris International, Inc.
2.49%


Pfizer, Inc.
2.42%


PepsiCo, Inc.
2.39%


Altria Group, Inc.
2.26%


Merck & Co., Inc.
2.26%


Carnival Corp.
2.22%


General Electric Co.
2.11%


First Republic Bank CA
2.03%








Sector Breakdown (as of 5/31/2017)7








 
Sector
Percent






                            Information Technology
                        

                            22.50%
                        






                            Financials
                        

                            14.12%
                        






                            Consumer Staples
                        

                            13.97%
                        






                            Health Care
                        

                            13.86%
                        






                            Consumer Discretionary
                        

                            12.00%
                        






                            Energy
                        

                            7.79%
                        






                            Industrials
                        

                            7.74%
                        






                            Utilities
                        

                            2.62%
                        






                            Materials
                        

                            2.04%
                        






                            Real Estate
                        

                            2.01%
                        






                            Telecommunication Services
                        

                            0.97%
                        






                            Other
                        

                            0.38%
                        












Share Price and NAV History (Since Inception)




Past performance is not indicative of future results.







% Premium/Discount (Since Inception)








Cumulative Total Returns (as of 6/30/2017)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


3 Months
3.42%
2.70%


1 Year
19.95%
16.44%


3 Years
24.91%
24.07%


5 Years
76.26%
72.81%


10 Years
82.64%
92.43%


Year to Date
12.46%
9.02%


Inception to Date
112.36%
143.02%







Calendar Year Returns (as of 12/31/2016)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


2005
-6.85%
3.48%


2006
17.26%
7.09%


2007
-3.76%
8.19%


2008
-37.22%
-30.54%


2009
46.26%
22.24%


2010
16.37%
15.50%


2011
-7.33%
2.42%


2012
17.68%
14.18%


2013
20.60%
23.11%


2014
14.83%
11.63%


2015
-1.35%
0.72%


2016
9.98%
9.18%







Average Annual Returns (as of 6/30/2017)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


3 Years
7.70%
7.45%


5 Years
12.00%
11.56%


10 Years
6.21%
6.76%


Inception to Date
6.04%
7.16%







Leverage Information6
The Fund currently has no outstanding leverage.





Portfolio Information (as of 5/31/2017)7


% of Portfolio with Call Options57.51%










Footnotes


1
The NAV represents the fund's net assets (assets less liabilities) divided by the fund's common shares outstanding.


2
Fund shares are purchased and sold on an exchange at their share price rather than net asset value (NAV), which may cause the shares to trade at a price greater than NAV (premium) or less than NAV (discount).


3
Most recent distribution paid or declared to today's date. Subject to change in the future. There is no guarantee that the fund will declare dividends.


4
Distribution rates are calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution paid or declared through today's date and then dividing by the most recent market price. The distribution consists of the sum of net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, net realized long-term capital gains, and return of capital.  Distribution rates may vary. Any distribution adjustment will not be reflected until after the declaration date for the next distribution.  See the fund's 19a-1 Notices, if any, located under the "News & Literature" section of the website for estimates of distribution sources. Final determination of the source and tax status of all distributions paid in the current year will be made after year-end.


5
Total return is the combination of reinvested dividend income and reinvested capital gains distributions, at prices obtained by the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, if any, and changes in the NAV and Share Price.  The NAV total return takes into account the fund's total annual expenses and does not reflect sales load.  Past performance is not indicative of future results.


6
Leverage is a technique where a closed-end fund's manager borrows assets at one rate and invests the proceeds from the borrowed assets at another rate, seeking to increase yield and total return. Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify the effect of any losses.


7
Market value information used in calculating the percentages is based upon trade date plus one recording of transactions, which can differ from regulatory financial reports (Forms N-CSR and N-Q) that are based on trade date recording of security transactions. Holdings are subject to change.













Risk Considerations

Investment return and market value of an investment in the fund will fluctuate. Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.


    Equity securities prices fluctuate for several reasons, including changes in investors’ perceptions of the financial condition of an issuer or the general condition of the relevant stock market, or when political or economic events affecting the issuers or their industries occur.


    The fund may write (sell) covered call options on all or a portion of the equity securities held in the fund's portfolio. The use of options may require the fund to sell portfolio securities at inopportune times or for prices other than current market values, may limit the amount of appreciation the fund can realize on an investment, or may cause the fund to hold an equity security that it might otherwise sell.


    Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify the effect of any losses.


    There is no guarantee that the issuers of the equity securities in which the fund invests will declare dividends in the future or that if declared they will remain at current levels. There can be no assurance as to what portion of the distributions paid to the fund's Common Shareholders will consist of tax-advantaged qualified dividend income.


    Investment in non-U.S. securities is subject to the risk of currency fluctuations and to economic and political risks associated with such foreign countries.


    The risks of investing in the fund are spelled out in the prospectus, shareholder report and other regulatory filings.












        Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • May Lose Value
    












 

                        The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person.  By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor.  Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients.  First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
                    


First Trust Portfolios L.P.  Member SIPC and FINRA.
		                    First Trust Advisors L.P.
		                    



Home | 
		                        Important Legal Information | 
		                        Privacy Policy | 
		                        Business Continuity Plan | 
                                FINRA BrokerCheck



Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.













FFA Stock Price - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:12p

Updated
Trump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’



5:07p

Lawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports



5:00p

Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors



3:29p

Updated
You can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 



3:29p

Updated
Want to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things



3:28p

This is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)



2:40p

Updated
John McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 



2:38p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



2:36p

Updated
I want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees



2:34p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


FFA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



FFA
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

Watchlist 
CreateFFAAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
15.09



-0.02
-0.13%






Previous Close




$15.1100





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




35.72% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    18.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 52.9K
            





Open: 15.15
Close: 15.09



15.0600
Day Low/High
15.1500





Day Range



12.5884
52 Week Low/High
15.1500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$15.15



Day Range
15.0600 - 15.1500



52 Week Range
12.5884 - 15.1500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
19.97M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.83



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
7.55%



Dividend
$0.29



Ex-Dividend Date
Jun 22, 2017



Short Interest
1.83K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
52.87K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.80%







1 Month


2.37%







3 Month


3.85%







YTD


11.70%







1 Year


12.70%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










Closed-End Funds Evolve


Jan. 6, 2005 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Net Lease REITs
On Investment Roll


Jul. 17, 2001 at 4:07 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









More Jobs Are Cut;
Warnings Continue


Apr. 8, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









GE Capital to Buy Franchise Finance


Apr. 2, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Indexes End Mixed,
Job Cuts Announced


Apr. 1, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









REITs Get Ranked by Balance Sheet


Sep. 27, 2000 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Venture Will Guzzle Gas Stations


Jun. 9, 1999 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 27, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 23, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 21, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 19, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 14, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 12, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 8, 2017 at 6:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 7, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 5, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 2, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 30, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 25, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 23, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 18, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 17, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 11, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 9, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 5, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securitiesome, Stellar Acquisition III, Emergent Capital

May. 1, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securitiesome, Stellar Acquisition III, Emergent Capital

Apr. 26, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com









First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 
      2017 Distribution
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 
      2017 Distribution

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.285 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.285 Per Share

Jun. 12, 2017 at 4:24 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves 
      Managed Distribution Policy
Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves 
      Managed Distribution Policy

Apr. 25, 2017 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for 
      First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund


Mar. 17, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.25 Per Share


Mar. 9, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Continuation of Share Repurchase 
      Programs for Certain Closed-End Funds


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share


Dec. 12, 2016 at 4:19 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Share Repurchase Programs for 
      Certain Closed-End Funds


Sep. 14, 2016 at 9:08 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share


Sep. 12, 2016 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call 
      for First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund


Aug. 24, 2016 at 4:17 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMX

1.10%








TAP

0.50%








TXRH

0.54%








SAM

3.62%








VIAV

4.65%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































FFA Stock Price - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:12p

Updated
Trump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’



5:07p

Lawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports



5:00p

Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors



3:29p

Updated
You can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 



3:29p

Updated
Want to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things



3:28p

This is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)



2:40p

Updated
John McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 



2:38p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



2:36p

Updated
I want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees



2:34p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


FFA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



FFA
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

Watchlist 
CreateFFAAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
15.09



-0.02
-0.13%






Previous Close




$15.1100





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




35.72% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    18.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 52.9K
            





Open: 15.15
Close: 15.09



15.0600
Day Low/High
15.1500





Day Range



12.5884
52 Week Low/High
15.1500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$15.15



Day Range
15.0600 - 15.1500



52 Week Range
12.5884 - 15.1500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
19.97M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.83



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
7.55%



Dividend
$0.29



Ex-Dividend Date
Jun 22, 2017



Short Interest
1.83K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
52.87K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.80%







1 Month


2.37%







3 Month


3.85%







YTD


11.70%







1 Year


12.70%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










Closed-End Funds Evolve


Jan. 6, 2005 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Net Lease REITs
On Investment Roll


Jul. 17, 2001 at 4:07 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









More Jobs Are Cut;
Warnings Continue


Apr. 8, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









GE Capital to Buy Franchise Finance


Apr. 2, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Indexes End Mixed,
Job Cuts Announced


Apr. 1, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









REITs Get Ranked by Balance Sheet


Sep. 27, 2000 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Venture Will Guzzle Gas Stations


Jun. 9, 1999 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 27, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 23, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 21, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 19, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 14, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 12, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 8, 2017 at 6:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 7, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 5, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

Jun. 2, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 30, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 25, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 23, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 18, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 17, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 11, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 9, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securities Income, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, Emergent Capital Inc

May. 5, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securitiesome, Stellar Acquisition III, Emergent Capital

May. 1, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...
Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells Neuberger Berman R/E Securitiesome, Stellar Acquisition III, Emergent Capital

Apr. 26, 2017 at 12:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com









First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 
      2017 Distribution
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 
      2017 Distribution

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.285 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.285 Per Share

Jun. 12, 2017 at 4:24 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves 
      Managed Distribution Policy
Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves 
      Managed Distribution Policy

Apr. 25, 2017 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for 
      First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund


Mar. 17, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.25 Per Share


Mar. 9, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Continuation of Share Repurchase 
      Programs for Certain Closed-End Funds


Mar. 7, 2017 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share


Dec. 12, 2016 at 4:19 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Share Repurchase Programs for 
      Certain Closed-End Funds


Sep. 14, 2016 at 9:08 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share


Sep. 12, 2016 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call 
      for First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund


Aug. 24, 2016 at 4:17 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMX

1.10%








TAP

0.50%








TXRH

0.54%








SAM

3.62%








VIAV

4.65%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














    FFA SEC Filings - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund SEC Filings - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        

















Show All


8-K



10-K



10-Q



Proxy



Registration



13D



13F



13G







SEC Filings for First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
    
Getting Started with SEC Filings



Filing Date
Document Date
Type
Category
Amended



03/16/2017


03/16/2017


8-K


Special Events







03/09/2017


03/09/2017


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/14/2017


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







02/13/2017


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







08/24/2016


08/24/2016


8-K


Special Events







04/12/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




03/09/2016


03/09/2016


8-K


Special Events







03/09/2016


12/31/2015


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/10/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/01/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




08/20/2015


08/20/2015


8-K


Special Events







03/09/2015


12/31/2014


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/19/2015


02/19/2015


8-K


Special Events







02/11/2015


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







02/11/2015


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







08/26/2014


08/26/2014


8-K


Special Events







04/09/2014


09/30/2013


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







03/24/2014


12/31/2013


PRE 14A


Proxy Statement







03/12/2014


12/31/2013


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/24/2014


02/24/2014


8-K


Special Events









More...





      SEC Filings provided by EDGAR Online, Inc.















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































    FFA Insider Trading - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Transactions - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        



















Sorry, there are no insider transactions for this symbol.

        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    










Transaction Summary
Total insider purchases and sales reported to the SEC
Data not available.



            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. James Allen Bowen 
Chairman




Mr. James M. Dykas 
President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Donald P. Swade 
Treasurer, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Ms. Kristi A. Maher 
Chief Compliance Officer & Assistant Secretary




Mr. William Scott Jardine 
Secretary & Chief Legal Officer




Mr. Thomas R. Kadlec 
Independent Trustee




Dr. Richard E. Erickson 
Lead Independent Trustee




Mr. Robert F. Keith 
Independent Trustee




Dr. Niel B. Nielson 
Independent Trustee









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    FFA Analyst Estimates - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        




























Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    FFA Historical Stock Quotes - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Historical Stock Quotes - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        















Enter Date:



Historical quote for: FFA



Friday, July 22, 2016


Closing price:



Open:



High:



Low:



Volume:


 

















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    FFA News - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        

















/news/latest/company/us/ffa

      MarketWatch News on FFA
    
No News currently available for FFA







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ffa

      Other News on FFA
    





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 23, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

3:38 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 19, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

3:38 p.m. June 14, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

6:38 p.m. June 8, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 7, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 2, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 30, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 23, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

3:38 p.m. May 18, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 17, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 5, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...

12:38 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...

12:38 p.m. April 26, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/ffa

      Press Releases on FFA
    




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 
      2017 Distribution
4:21 p.m. June 30, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.285 Per Share
4:24 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves 
      Managed Distribution Policy
4:41 p.m. April 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for 
      First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
4:21 p.m. March 17, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.25 Per Share
5:15 p.m. March 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Continuation of Share Repurchase 
      Programs for Certain Closed-End Funds
5:41 p.m. March 7, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share
5:19 p.m. Dec. 12, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Share Repurchase Programs for 
      Certain Closed-End Funds
9:08 a.m. Sept. 14, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share
4:16 p.m. Sept. 12, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call 
      for First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
4:17 p.m. Aug. 24, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































FFA Annual Income Statement - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Annual Financials



































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund


View Ratios


            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund - NYSE:FFA - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)
Follow




                                    15.09
                                

0.02
0.13




                        NYSE : Financial
                    

Jul 21, 2017 4:02 PM EDT












Prev Close
  15.11


Open
15.15


Day Low/High

                                    15.06 /
                                    15.15


52 Wk Low/High

                                    12.59 /
                                    15.15
                                


Volume
18.89K


Avg Volume 
54.30K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
19.97M


Market Cap
301.79M


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            1,511.00
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.21
                                            (1.40%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 2017 Distribution






First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases Its Quarterly Distribution To $0.285 Per Share













Board Of Trustees Of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves Managed Distribution Policy
The Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) has approved a managed distribution policy for the Fund (the "Plan") in reliance on exemptive relief received from the Securities and...

Apr 25, 2017 4:41 PM EDT









First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update For First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Mar 17, 2017 4:21 PM EDT









First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases Its Quarterly Distribution To $0.25 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) has increased its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution to $0.

Mar 9, 2017 4:15 PM EST









First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Continuation Of Share Repurchase Programs For Certain Closed-End Funds
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Mar 7, 2017 4:41 PM EST













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.24 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared a long-term capital gain distribution of $0.

Dec 12, 2016 4:17 PM EST













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Share Repurchase Programs For Certain Closed-End Funds
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Sep 14, 2016 9:08 AM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.24 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared a long-term capital gain distribution of $0.

Sep 12, 2016 4:16 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Aug 24, 2016 4:17 PM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution To $0.24 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on June 30, 2016, to shareholders of record as of June 23, 2016.

Jun 9, 2016 4:16 PM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases Its Quarterly Distribution To $0.24 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) has increased its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution to $0.

Mar 10, 2016 4:33 PM EST













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Mar 9, 2016 4:19 PM EST













Cash Dividend On The Way From First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 12/22/15, First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.235, payable on 12/31/15. As a percentage of FFA's recent stock price of $13.20, this dividend works out to approximately 1.78%, so look for shares of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund to trade 1.78% lower — all else being equal — when FFA shares open for trading on 12/22/15.

Dec 18, 2015 10:11 AM EST













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.235 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared a long-term capital gain distribution of $0.

Dec 10, 2015 4:23 PM EST













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.235 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution of $0.

Sep 10, 2015 4:21 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Aug 20, 2015 4:42 PM EDT













Monday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: FEO, FFA, PPT
FEO FFA PPT are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, June 22, 2015

Jun 19, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













FFA Ex-Dividend Reminder - 6/22/15
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 6/22/15, First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.235, payable on 6/30/15. As a percentage of FFA's recent stock price of $15.12, this dividend works out to approximately 1.55%, so look for shares of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund to trade 1.55% lower — all else being equal — when FFA shares open for trading on 6/22/15.

Jun 18, 2015 9:59 AM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.235 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on June 30, 2015, to shareholders of record as of June 24, 2015.

Jun 10, 2015 4:34 PM EDT













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FFA, DFP, EFR
FFA DFP EFR are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, March 20, 2015

Mar 19, 2015 10:09 AM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases Its Quarterly Distribution To $0.235 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) has increased its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution to $0.

Mar 10, 2015 4:17 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Feb 19, 2015 4:16 PM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: FFA, EOI, ETG
FFA EOI ETG are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, December 22, 2014

Dec 19, 2014 10:06 AM EST













Reminder - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 12/22/14, First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.23, payable on 12/31/14. As a percentage of FFA's recent stock price of $14.46, this dividend works out to approximately 1.59%, so look for shares of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund to trade 1.59% lower — all else being equal — when FFA shares open for trading on 12/22/14.

Dec 18, 2014 10:08 AM EST













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.23 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on December 31, 2014, to shareholders of record as of December 24, 2014.

Dec 11, 2014 4:23 PM EST













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: FFA, PMO, FSIC
FFA PMO FSIC are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, September 22, 2014

Sep 19, 2014 10:00 AM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (FFA)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 9/22/14, First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.23, payable on 9/30/14. As a percentage of FFA's recent stock price of $14.75, this dividend works out to approximately 1.56%, so look for shares of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund to trade 1.56% lower — all else being equal — when FFA shares open for trading on 9/22/14.

Sep 18, 2014 10:16 AM EDT













First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.23 Per Share
First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on September 30, 2014, to shareholders of record as of September 24, 2014.

Sep 10, 2014 4:16 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Aug 26, 2014 4:22 PM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund declares $0.285 dividend

SeekingAlpha



First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund declares $0.25 dividend

SeekingAlpha



A Fresh Look At Eaton Vance's Option-Income CEFs

SeekingAlpha



Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty

SeekingAlpha



Daily State Of The Markets: Alternatives As A Bear Market Protection Plan

SeekingAlpha



Daily State Of The Markets: Understanding Alternatives - The Numbers

SeekingAlpha



Daily State Of The Markets: Alternatives - Exploration Of Investing's Final Frontier

SeekingAlpha



First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund declares $0.24 dividend

SeekingAlpha



First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund declares $0.24 dividend

SeekingAlpha



First Trust (FFA) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 20, 2013

NASDAQ


































 











Trending


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA) Distribution 
























Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
 FFA


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilings







Latest Distribution History
 FFA





Annual Distributions
 FFA


Bar Graph
Pie Graph




Income



S/T Cap Gain



L/T Cap Gain



Return Cap











                         
                    











  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










  





FFA First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Operations


















Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 







First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
 FFA


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilings





 





 









  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 














  FFA Quote - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund   FFA:US   New York        15.09USD   0.02   0.13%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   15.15    Day Range   15.06 - 15.15    Previous Close   15.11    52Wk Range   12.37 - 15.15    1 Yr Return   21.10%    YTD Return   15.89%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   15.15    Day Range   15.06 - 15.15    Volume   18,885    Previous Close   15.11    52Wk Range   12.37 - 15.15    1 Yr Return   21.28%    YTD Return   15.89%    NAV (on 07/21/2017)   16.19000053    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/21/2017)   323.400    Inception Date   08/26/2004    Premium/Discount   -6.79%    Average 52-Week Premium   -10.03%    Fund Managers   DOUGLAS W KUGLER / BERNARD P SCHAFFER "BERNIE"    Last Dividend (on 06/22/2017)   0.285    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   7.55%    Expense Ratio   1.12%    3 Mo Return   5.88%    3 Yr Return   8.58%    5 Yr Return   12.62%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        AAPL:US   Apple Inc    123.50 k 17.74 m 5.59      MSFT:US   Microsoft Corp    175.00 k 11.53 m 3.63      PFE:US   Pfizer Inc    235.00 k 8.04 m 2.53      GE:US   General Electric Co    265.00 k 7.90 m 2.49      PM:US   Philip Morris International In    66.00 k 7.45 m 2.35      CCL:US   Carnival Corp    125.00 k 7.36 m 2.32      PEP:US   PepsiCo Inc    65.00 k 7.27 m 2.29      MRK:US   Merck & Co Inc    110.00 k 6.99 m 2.20      MO:US   Altria Group Inc    95.00 k 6.78 m 2.14      JPM:US   JPMorgan Chase & Co    75.00 k 6.59 m 2.08           Profile   First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund is a newly organized, diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide a high level of current income and gains and capital appreciation. The Fund invests its assets in a diversified portfolio of common stocks of US corporations.    Address  First Trust Portfolios LP120 E. Liberty DriveSuite 400Wheaton, IL 60187   Phone  1-630-765-8000   Website   www.ftportfolios.com              



    FFA Key Statistics - First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund

                  NYSE: FFA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


FFA

/quotes/zigman/354797/composite


$
15.09




Change

-0.02
-0.13%

Volume
Volume 18,885
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/354797/composite
Previous close

$
			15.11
		


$
				15.09
			
Change

-0.02
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$15.06
$15.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.59
        

            $15.15
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. James Allen Bowen 
61
2004
Chairman



Mr. James M. Dykas 
50
2005
President & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Donald P. Swade 
44
2016
Treasurer, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer



Ms. Kristi A. Maher 
50
2004
Chief Compliance Officer & Assistant Secretary



Mr. William Scott Jardine 
56
2004
Secretary & Chief Legal Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/ffa

      MarketWatch News on FFA
    
No News currently available for FFA





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ffa

      Other News on FFA
    





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 23, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

3:38 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 19, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

3:38 p.m. June 14, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

6:38 p.m. June 8, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 7, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. June 2, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 30, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 23, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

3:38 p.m. May 18, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 17, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III Inc, New York REIT Inc, ...

12:38 p.m. May 5, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...

12:38 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Bulldog Investors, LLC Buys Korea Equity Fund, Stellar Acquisition III, New York REIT, Sells ...

12:38 p.m. April 26, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
120 East Liberty Drive
Suite 400

Wheaton, Illinois 60187




Phone
1 6307658000


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for FFA











/news/pressrelease/company/us/ffa

      Press Releases on FFA
    




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice Regarding June 
      2017 Distribution
4:21 p.m. June 30, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.285 Per Share
4:24 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Approves 
      Managed Distribution Policy
4:41 p.m. April 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for 
      First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
4:21 p.m. March 17, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Increases its Quarterly 
      Distribution to $0.25 Per Share
5:15 p.m. March 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Continuation of Share Repurchase 
      Programs for Certain Closed-End Funds
5:41 p.m. March 7, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share
5:19 p.m. Dec. 12, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Share Repurchase Programs for 
      Certain Closed-End Funds
9:08 a.m. Sept. 14, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.24 Per Share
4:16 p.m. Sept. 12, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call 
      for First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund
4:17 p.m. Aug. 24, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:15 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights










































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.42
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.05
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.07%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1082,
1082,
935
and 
677
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Stock mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard stock funds


93% of our low-cost stock mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Give your money a chance to grow over the long term
Get higher potential for investment growth



Stock mutual funds aim to provide long-term growth, unlike bond funds, which focus on income. In exchange for more growth, however, you're likely to experience more ups and downs in the value of your investment.

Increase diversification in your portfolio



A stock fund could give you access to hundreds—sometimes thousands—of stocks, which spreads out risk more than owning individual stocks.

Get broad exposure to the stock markets



You can use just a few funds to complete the stock portion of your portfolio. Each of these index funds gives you access to a wide variety of stocks in a single, diversified fund.

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund holds more than 3,000 domestic stocks.

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund holds more than 5,500 non-U.S. stocks.


Get details on Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund

Get details on Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund


How to choose a stock fund



Here are a few questions to ask yourself while you're considering the right Vanguard stock fund for your portfolio:

How do stock mutual funds differ from one another?



When looking for a stock fund, consider these two characteristics:

Investing style. In general, stock funds invest in value stocks, growth stocks, or a blend of the two.

Capitalization. Stock funds also choose investments based on the size, or capitalization, of a company. Companies are considered either small-, mid-, or large-cap.


See a complete list of Vanguard stock funds


Do I want domestic or international stocks?








Investing in both U.S. and international stock funds can add another level of diversification to an already well-balanced portfolio.

Would I prefer index or active funds?



Do you feel more comfortable tracking the market, or would you rather try to beat it?

Index funds try to track the performance of a specific market benchmark.

Actively managed funds are steered by our expert portfolio managers who select specific securities for the fund. While actively managed funds give you a chance to beat the benchmark, they can also underperform.


Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds


Should I focus on a specific industry?



You can choose a fund that invests solely in a specific sector of the market, like health care, technology, or telecommunications.But remember, these funds have a very narrow focus and expose you to more risk. Sector and specialty funds should only be used to supplement an already diversified portfolio.
See a list of Vanguard sector & specialty funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Balanced funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Stock mutual funds







Stock mutual funds invest in securities that represent part ownership in publicly traded companies.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Value stock fund







A mutual fund that focuses on stocks from companies that are typically found in low-growth or mature industries, often produce higher and more regular dividend income, and sell at discounted prices.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Growth stock fund







A mutual fund that focuses on stocks from companies that are expected to experience higher-than-average profitable growth because of their strong earnings and revenue potential.Growth stocks typically produce lower dividend yields because they prefer to reinvest those earnings into research and development to help grow these companies and increase their profitability.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01


































SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/21/17
$27.92





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/21/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$28.01
Closing Market Price


$27.98
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$28.01
Day High


$28.01
Day Low


0
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.20%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.47M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/21/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/21/17)


$27.92
NAV
(As of 07/21/17)


-0.11%
NAV 1 Day Return


11.20%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/20/2017)


% of Fund






																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.41																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Pembina Pipeline Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Sydney Airport																					

																							1.37																					



																							Galp Energia SGPS SA																					

																							1.36																					



																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.36																					



																							Novartis AG																					

																							1.36																					



																							Red Electrica Corp SA																					

																							1.36																					



																							Elisa OYJ																					

																							1.36																					



																							TELUS Corp																					

																							1.35																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/20/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$50.31B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.47B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





18.04






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.69






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.21%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/20/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.50																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.51																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/20/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.76																					



																							North America																					

																							37.33																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.27																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.65																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/20/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.06																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.34																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.76																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.34																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.26																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.99																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.94																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.32																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/20/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							17.27																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							5.31																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.55																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.91																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							7.97																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus





























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































