


Sander Flaum, Principal | Flaum Navigators








































































Contact Us  212.520.8355|sflaum@flaumnavigators.com

















Who We Are
What We Do

Disruptive Innovation Workshops
Leadership Mentoring Workshops


Why It Works
Blog
 









Sander Flaum, Principal

Home/Sander Flaum, Principal



­ 



Sander Flaum, PrincipalSander Flaum2017-05-22T16:19:38+00:00 
A Lifetime of Innovation

Sander Flaum is an acknowledged business leader, marketing and sales effectiveness coach, motivational speaker, and best-selling author.
Flaum Navigators accelerates business growth through transformational ideas that galvanize leadership, brand building, and innovation. Our paradigm is helping clients obtain sales and marketing solutions by  providing actionable and sustainable strategic marketing counsel, focused on realizing their highest revenue potential.
Sander created the first persistency program, the first patient guarantee program, the first indigent patient program and the first “War Games” program. His ability to challenge conventional wisdom has assisted his clients to confront daunting odds and successfully reinvent themselves to maintain their market advantage.
Sander is a featured speaker at numerous marketing conferences and leadership events and conducts workshops to stimulate disruptive innovation. His seminars are credited by clients with helping them exceed expectations, improve sales productivity, and foster leadership values.
Sander is Chair of the Fordham Leadership Forum at the Fordham Gabelli Graduate School of Business, where he serves as an Adjunct Professor. He serves on the boards of The James Cancer Center, Ohio State University’s Fisher College of Business and College of Arts and Science, The Fordham Gabelli Graduate School of Business, and Eagle Pharmaceuticals. He is also a Vice Chairman of the American Institute for Stuttering and Edge4Vets.
Sander’s best-selling books, The 100-Mile Walk: A Father and Son on a Quest to Find the Essence of Leadership (Amacom, 2006) and Big Shoes: How Successful Leaders Grow Into New Roles (Leadershape Publishing, 2009), have been endorsed by numerous company leaders for providing essential advice on how to tackle the management hurdles of a career. Sander also writes a monthly column for Medical Marketing & Media.
Sander’s latest book, The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen to You: How a Career Reversal Can Reinvigorate Your Life (Big Shoes Publishing 2013), was written to guide business professionals to re-empower themselves after a job loss or get unstuck from a passionless career.
Sander’s weekly radio show, Leader’s Edge, advances the ideas and debate of his Leader’s Edge blog. Selected in both 2001 and 2011 as the Fordham Business School’s commencement speaker, Sander has also been awarded The Ohio State University’s Professional Achievement Award and the OSU Pacesetter Business Leadership Award.
Sander received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University, followed by an MBA degree from Fairleigh Dickinson University. Following his military career, he went on to work for 18 years at Lederle Laboratories, which merged into Wyeth, then Pfizer. In his tenure as Marketing Director of Lederle Rx products, vaccines and oncology, Sander was responsible for many notable new product launches.
After Lederle, Sander became Chairman and CEO of Euro RSCG Becker (now Havas Life), where he led a worldwide team of marketing strategists in introducing six blockbuster $2 billion healthcare brands. In 2003, Medical Advertising News named Sander its Man of the Year and Becker its Agency of the Year. Following Becker, Sander went on to launch Flaum Navigators in 2004, where he encourages and coaches his clients to embrace disruptive innovation in marketing, sales, and leadership.
Contact Sander today to learn how he can help your business.



 
 
  
 
 




















Amazon.com: Sander A. Flaum: Books, Biography, Blog, Audiobooks, Kindle





Amazon.com: Books





 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks










































































Sander A. Flaum













                    
                    Sander A. Flaum has authored three books on leadership and moving forward through challenging times. Along with his son Jonathon, Sander wrote The 100-Mile Walk: A Father and Son on a Quest to Find the Essence of Leadership in 2006 and Big Shoes: How Successful Leaders Grow into New Roles in 2009. Both books speak to the “rising stars of business” and focus on developing teams and cultivating a winning culture in the organization. His latest book, The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen to You: How a Career Reversal Can Reinvigorate Your Life, deals directly with the emotional disruption of a job loss, gives the basics to reimagine a career, and shows the communication and messaging needed in the search for new employment. CEO of Flaum Navigators, a consulting firm that helps companies to accelerate business growth through transformational ideas that galvanize leadership, brand building, and innovation, Sander is an acknowledged business leader, marketing and sales effectiveness coach, and motivational presenter. A renowned marketer, Sander is credited with the successful introduction of more than twenty widely used pharmaceutical products.Adjunct Professor of Management Science and Executive-In-Residence at the Fordham University Graduate School of Business Administration, Sander is a longtime champion of the Big Idea, a business paradigm that creates and infuses breakthrough thinking up and down the marketing chain. He is also founder and chair of the Fordham Leadership Forum at Fordham’s Graduate School of Business Administration. Sander serves on the boards of The James Cancer Center, The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business, the Fordham University Graduate School of Business Administration, and Eagle Pharmaceuticals. He is also a member of the NYC Venture Fellows program, which is designed to mentor young entrepreneurs.Sander received his undergraduate degree from the Ohio State University followed by an MBA degree (magna cum laude) from Fairleigh Dickinson University. He worked eighteen years at Lederle Laboratories, which merged into Wyeth, now a subsidiary of Pfizer. More recently, Sander was Chairman of Euro RSCG Life, a worldwide network of forty-three healthcare agencies. In 2003, Medical Advertising News named Sander its Man of the Year and the company he headed its Agency of the Year. Following his success at Euro RSCG Life, Sander launched Flaum Navigators.
                

See more








    Customers Also Bought Items By
  





                Scott W. Ventrella
              







                Tom Kelley
              







                Spencer Johnson
              








Are You an Author?
  Help us improve our Author Pages by updating your bibliography and submitting a new or current image and biography.

  
›
Learn more at Author Central















            $10.50

        


        Paperback
    









            $9.99

        


        Kindle Edition
    









            $19.77

        


        Paperback
    







            Author Updates
        






















Blog post




 Tired of being hammered for price gouging? Here’s some things we can do.


First, we can get behind our industry’s “Share the Savings” initiative, launched in early April, 2017.  If you’re unfamiliar with the program, here’s some background. If you or someone in your family has had a medical procedure recently, you’ve likely been astounded at the huge gap between listed charges and the discounts given to the […] 
The post Tired of being hammered for price gouging? Here’s some things we can do. appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




1 month ago

Read more








Blog post




 Does It All Come Down To Money? Can’t We Elevate The Dialogue?


Three–well–two cheers for Janet Woodcock!  Last September, as head of the FDA drug evaluation and research center, Dr. Woodcock pushed through an accelerated approval of eteplirsen (Exondys 51) for Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD).  For the last 20 years, affected families have lobbied vigorously for at least a “chance to try” this promising drug, which is […] 
The post Does It All Come Down To Money? Can’t We Elevate The Dialogue? appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




5 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Could a New Administration Get Us Back in the Business of Finding Cures?


It was exhilarating, in last December when the Senate joined the House of Representatives to demonstrate that Congress can actually accomplish something. With overwhelming bipartisan support, both bodies passed the 21st Century Cures Act. Donald Trump’s repeated chastisement of the FDA during the campaign for over-regulation and not doing enough to promote cures was also […] 
The post Could a New Administration Get Us Back in the Business of Finding Cures? appeared first on Flaum Navig




5 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Are You Putting Your Paranoia to Work?


Chess grandmasters, after carefully calculating the implications of their next move, typically pause for one last look at the board – to search for what they cannot see.  “What refutation am I overlooking? What hidden disaster awaits me?”  In short, they call upon their sense of paranoia. Great leaders have this skill. They have one […] 
The post Are You Putting Your Paranoia to Work? appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




6 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 New Grad? No Job? Not Acceptable!


Remember when a college degree was the key to a rosy future? Well, BA’s aren’t opening as many doors as they used to. Nearly 6% of college grads can’t find a job, and twice as many can’t find a position that fits their talents. What’s worse, many grads are buried in debt – which they can’t even write off like any other bad investment. Don’t blame it on the recession or bad trade deals. Too many grads just don’t have the right skills for today’s businesses. 
Whose fault is this? To thos




7 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Pharma Pricing. If We Don’t Fix It…


Someone else will.  And it won’t be pretty, to be sure. It won’t be long before Congress will tire of simply badgering pharma CEOs and decide to actually do something about pricing scandals. Maybe they’ll create an oversight panel with the power to impose fines for “predatory” pricing.  Or perhaps they’ll allow Medicare to negotiate […] 
The post Pharma Pricing. If We Don’t Fix It… appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




8 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Health Insurance Companies: Time for a Trust Buster?


It might be funny if it weren’t so scary.  Aetna is wooing Humana and Anthem is pursuing Cigna. Shades of Sadie Hawkins Day, for those who can remember that far back. As I write, it looks like Aetna may prevail, but the Department of Justice is frowning on the Anthem deal.  Don’t get me wrong. […] 
The post Health Insurance Companies: Time for a Trust Buster? appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




9 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Will the Cancer “Moonshot” Leave Some Folks Behind?


You can see it everywhere. On TV.  In the papers. In ads. The decades of struggle against cancer are paying off. We’re starting to see some real progress in terms of overall survival and prolonged remissions. Perhaps encouraged by the appointment of Joe Biden as the Anticancer Czar, even the FDA seems to have set […] 
The post Will the Cancer “Moonshot” Leave Some Folks Behind? appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




10 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Passed Over for a Promotion? Congratulations!


That may sound wacky; but if you’re not busy climbing the executive ladder (and sometimes slipping), you’ve probably settled into a comfy spot where even being considered for promotion is unlikely. Most high-risers shoot up fast; they land an entry-level position and immediately stand out as future stars. Within a year, or even less, they’ve […] 
The post Passed Over for a Promotion? Congratulations! appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




11 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Shortchanging women in the workplace is incredibly stupid.


In the last few months, several high profile executives have destroyed their careers with ill- advised comments about women. As reported in the Wall Street Journal, Gustavo Martinez, CEO of J. Walter Thompson, was accused of spewing an “unending stream of racist and sexist comments.”  He’s gone now.  Raymond Moore, a prominent tennis tournament director, […] 
The post Shortchanging women in the workplace is incredibly stupid. appeared first on Flaum Navigators. 




1 year ago

Read more














Books by Sander A. Flaum
Showing 3 Results Books : Advanced Search



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews



All FormatsKindle EditionPaperbackHardcover
Big Shoes: How Successful Leaders Grow into New RolesOct 3, 2009by Sander A FlaumPaperback
$
10
50

$12.95PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$1.00(20 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
9
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
3.5 out of 5 stars
30The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen to YouOct 30, 2013by Mechele Flaum and Sander FlaumKindle Edition
$
9
99

Auto-delivered wirelesslyPaperback
$
16
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$4.99(32 used &amp new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
8The 100-Mile Walk: A Father and Son on a Quest to Find the Essence of LeadershipJan 10, 2006by Sander A. Flaum and Jonathon A. FlaumPaperback
$
19
77

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$10.40(19 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
24
95

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Hardcover, Digital
4.3 out of 5 stars
14












See search results for author  "Sander A. Flaum"  in Books









  More Information 

›   Are you an author? Visit Author Central to change your photo, edit your biography, and more
        
›   See Author Pages Frequently Asked Questions

›   Anything else? Provide feedback about this page
    






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.














There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates















 






Sander Flaum | Eagle Pharmaceuticals Investor Center
































Toggle navigation



Menu








Investors



Login




Sander Flaum




Board Member, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair, Compensation Committee 



      Category:          

Board of Directors 



EmailPDFPrintRSS 



Sander Flaum has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2008. Since January 2005, Mr. Flaum has served as a principal of Flaum Navigators, a healthcare consultancy firm that he founded. Mr. Flaum has also served as the chief executive officer of Flaum Partners, Inc., a healthcare consultancy firm he founded, since August 2004. From 1991 to 2002, Mr. Flaum served as chief executive officer of Robert A. Becker EURO/RSCG, a predecessor to Euro RSCG Life. Prior to that, Mr. Flaum held various positions during an 18-year career at Lederle Laboratories, a private vaccine manufacturer that is now Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, including as marketing director of prescription products, vaccines and generics. Mr. Flaum is a member of the Euro RSCG Healthcare Global Network, and he has served as its co-chairman since 1998. Mr. Flaum also serves on the board of directors of The Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University, The James Cancer Center at the OSU Medical Center and the Fordham Graduate School of Business. Mr. Flaum is an adjunct professor of leadership at the Fordham University Graduate School of Business, where he chairs the Fordham Leadership Forum. Mr. Flaum holds a B.A. from The Ohio State University and an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University. Our board of directors believes that Mr. Flaum’s extensive experience in the pharmaceutical and biotech industries qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 










NASDAQ: EGRXStock Info    Minimum 20 minute delay.Refresh Data




Investor Center Home
Press Releases
Corporate GovernanceBoard of Directors
Leadership Team
Policies and Charters 
Board Committee Assignments

Stock Information
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Analyst Coverage
Investor FAQs
Investor Contacts





Search



Search this site: 











Advanced Search








Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 





 









  




Sander Flaum, Cary Lemkowitz, Flaum Partners | Pharmaceutical Executive






















































 


 




 










 


 

Log inRegister





Search this site: 




 This Site


 Include Affiliate Sites







 




MagazineCurrent Issue
Digital Edition
Issues Archive


TopicsFrom the Editor
New and Noteworthy
Strategy
Regulatory
Washington Report
Sales & Marketing
Europe
Global
R&D


Events
ResourcesWebcasts
Podcasts
Videos
Whitepapers
E-Books
Front & Center
Sponsored Blogs


Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us






Europe
From the Editor
Global
New & Noteworthy
R&D
Sales & Marketing
Strategy



 
          


Most Read

Current Issue

Top Features

New & Noteworthy

Washington Report

Webcasts














  










 Share


Printer-friendly version
Send by email

Sander Flaum, Cary Lemkowitz, Flaum Partners





    Nov 03, 2007 

    By Pharmaceutical Executive Editors    
Consultants Confidential






12Next


Sander Flaum

CHANGES ARE ROCKING the industry, and companies need to respond in kind. Generics are flooding the marketplace. Foreign protocols are making new-product development more demanding than ever. And we can only guess at the future of pricing. But revolutionary opportunities are just as powerful. Look at the growth of personalized medicine, biologics, and the exciting pipelines in oncology, Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, HIV, and other therapeutic areas. The revolution is here, and the smartest companies are right in the front lines. 
			
General consultants are often extremely bright people with MBAs from the finest B-schools, and they deliver a multitude of processes...again and again and again. What many of them don't do, however is execute—they've never had to. What's needed now is industry-specific experience, and lots of it. 






Cary Lemkowitz
Pharma companies need to work and play well with everyone else in the value-chain sandbox. They need to drop their adversarial attitudes about managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and drug superstores and reach out to them to form productive alliances.  
			
Specifically, there is the need for energetic, statesman-like leaders who can reach out to both Congress and the general populace. More money needs to be spent not on lobbying, but on educating people about the drugs being developed to treat life-threatening illnesses. Imagine the effectiveness of a highly visible, well-funded initiative featuring a respected spokesperson on the level of Meryl Streep. The time for speculating about that kind of cooperative industry program is over. It's time now to get it done. 

A CALL TO ACTION


Providing prescription drug coverage for everyone who needs it is the right thing to do. So, who is better qualified to devise the best plan: Congress, the presidential candidates, or the pharmaceutical industry in partnership with the medical profession? The smartest companies will establish programs now to make sure their drugs are accessible to all who need them. 
Senior managers need to get out of their offices and innovate. The marketing tools that are available today are, in their own way, as revolutionary as the molecules that are being developed. Managers need to drive innovation in both areas. They need to put programs in place to embed the culture of innovation deep in their companies' DNA.
And finally, they need to gather all the business intelligence they can about their competition. They need to understand what the competition is doing and anticipate what they're going to do. We like to call it "healthy paranoia," the knowledge that there's always someone out there trying to steal share from your brand. 

GETTING BACK TO BASICS


With Wal-Mart promoting $4 generics, the pharmaceutical industry has to do what it has always done—create superior new products that both physicians and patients will insist on having access to. At the end of the day, companies that help people live happier, healthier, longer lives will have a place of honor at the national table.  
But first: Companies need to be brutally honest with themselves—and us—about the areas where they need help. Traditional pharmaceutical marketing just won't cut it anymore. Companies that are ready to innovate can now jump the revenue curve more than ever before. 

INSIDER INFORMATION


Flaum Partners Incorporated is a marketing and communications consultancy focused exclusively on the pharmaceutical industry. It dedicates itself to helping its clients' brands jump the revenue curve. Led by Sander A. Flaum, FPI's partners include former corporate heads of pharma companies, advertising agencies, and leaders in medical education.
Sander Flaum is CEO of Flaum Partners. He can be reached at [email protected]

Cary Lemkowitz is a strategic partner at Flaum Partners. He can be reached at [email protected].  
12Next



















native1_300x100



 


subscribe


Print/Digital ProductsLinkedIn   Twitter PodcastsWebcastsRSS Feed 




  


 


 


 


 


 


































Compliance Top of Mind
There is never a lack of legal or regulatory issues to keep track of—and worry about—in the life sciences industry. The articles from Pharmaceutical Executive provide a look at the latest in compliance for marketing, labeling, and export control, as well as offer tips to stay compliant in the coming years. Read More.



Sponsored Links


 


 


 


 


 


 





















Contact Us
Home



Advertise
Current Issue
Subscribe
eNews Subscribe



Twitter
CBI Conferences
LinkedIn
RSS



Linking and RSS Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Reprints



Applied Clinical Trials
BioPharm International
LCGC / Chromacademy
Nutritional Outlook
Pharmaceutical Technology
Spectroscopy

























© 2017 UBM. All rights reserved.















lorem ipsum















Biography | Flaum Leadership






















































  
  
  




HOME
Buy The Books
REVIEWS
The Media Room
The News Room
Biography
Good Works
Kudos
Contact




















Flaum Leadership > Biography



 SANDER A. FLAUM
CEO of Flaum Navigators, Sander Flaum is a veteran consultant to Fortune 500 companies. Flaum Navigators advises and runs seminars on brand leadership for a broad range of clients in the healthcare arena. Sander is an acknowledged marketing and sales effectiveness coach, motivational presenter and best-selling author.
Sander is a featured speaker for multiple organizations and conducts workshops to stimulate creative innovation. His seminars are credited by clients for helping them exceed expectations, improve sales productivity, and foster leadership values.
Author of two books on leadership and achieving success in challenging times, Sander’s latest book,  The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen To You: How a Career Reversal Can Reinvigorate Your Life is due for release in Autumn 2013, was written to guide business professionals in their quest to re-empower themselves after a job loss or while in the midst of a passionless career. The aim is to help these professionals to rewrite their legacy and move forward with a smooth transition.
Sander’s previous books, Big Shoes: How Successful Leaders Grow Into New Roles (2009, LeaderShape) and The 100–Mile Walk : A Father and Son on a Quest to Find the Essence of Leadership  (2006, Amacom) have been credited by numerous company leaders for providing essential advice on how to tackle the management hurdles of a career. The 100-Mile Walk was awarded the Hazan-Polsky Prize for Outstanding Business Books.
Sander is Founder and Chair of the Fordham Leadership Forum at Fordham’s Graduate School of Business Administration where he serves as an Adjunct Professor. He’s also a member of the NYC Venture Fellows program designed to mentor young entrepreneurs.
Selected both in 2001 and 2011 as the Fordham Business School’s commencement speaker, Sander has also been awarded the Ohio State University’s Professional Achievement Award and the OSU Pacesetter Business Leadership award. He is the author of over 80 published articles on marketing, management, and leadership and writes a monthly column for the American Management Association’s MWorld and Medical Advertising News. Sander also has a weekly radio show, “Leader’s Edge,” which advances the ideas and debate of his “Leader’s Edge” blog.
Sander received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University followed by an MBA degree (magna cum laude) from Fairleigh Dickinson University. He went on to work for 18 years at Lederle Laboratories, which merged into Wyeth, then Pfizer. In his capacity as Marketing Director of Lederle Rx and biologic products, Sander was responsible for the introduction of a wide range of products and launches.
Post Lederle, Sander became Chairman and CEO of Robert A. Becker, EuroRSCG – a global advertising, marketing and corporate communications company, where he led a worldwide team of marketing strategists that introduced six blockbuster $2 billion healthcare brands. In 2003, Medical Advertising News named Sander its Man of the Year and Becker its Agency of the Year
For more information on the company, visit the business website at   www.flaumnavigators.com





  







LINKS


Home
Buy The Book
Good Works 
 Reviews
Flaum Navigators




      News    
  Kudos      
 Biography  
 Contact




Copyright © 2014  Flaum Leadership. All rights reserved.


FOLLOW US
 
  
  

CONTACT US
Lisa Pollione
Call Us : (212) 847 9631


QUICK CONTACT







 



 













Pre order Sander's New Book
First 50 Sign-Ups to Receive Autographed Copy!





Email *



Name










Switch to our mobile site












Flaum Navigators | Flaum Leadership






















































  
  
  




HOME
Buy The Books
REVIEWS
The Media Room
The News Room
Biography
Good Works
Kudos
Contact




















Flaum Leadership > Flaum Navigators



Sander Flaum specializes in new and better ways to grow business, cultivate modern-day leadership skills and help rising star entrepreneurs to get ahead of the pack. Sander Flaum is a long-time champion of the Big Idea, both in industry and as Adjunct Professor of Leadership at the Fordham University Graduate School of Business, where he chairs the Fordham Leadership Forum.Sander Flaum’s professional consulting career began in 2004 at Flaum Partners and continues at Flaum Navigators. Prior to that, he was Chairman of Euro RSCG Life, a worldwide network of 43 healthcare agencies. He also presided over the growth of Euro RSCG Becker as it moved up to become the number two healthcare agency in the United States. Med Ad News named Becker “Agency of the Year” and Sander “Man of the Year” in 2002. He worked for 18 years at Lederle Laboratories (now Pfizer) where he was Marketing Director of prescription products, vaccines and generics. In all, he has directed 80 product launches and restagings. Over his career, Sander has honed his vision of Leadership + Innovation = Growth, the realization of which is Flaum Navigators. Sander serves on the board of Eagle Pharmaceuticals, The Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University, The James Cancer Center at the OSU Medical Center, and the Fordham Graduate School of Business. Twice Fordham MBA’s commencement speaker (2001 and 2011), Sander also has been awarded The Ohio State University’s Professional Achievement Award and the OSU Pacesetter Business Leadership award. Sander writes a monthly column for the American Management Association and for Med Ad News, and has a weekly radio show, The Leader’s Edge, on Public Service Radio. Sander earned his BA from The Ohio State University and his MBA (magna cum laude) from Fairleigh Dickinson University. He also serves as a New York City Venture Fellow, training young entrepreneurs in business creation and marketing.





  







LINKS


Home
Buy The Book
Good Works 
 Reviews
Flaum Navigators




      News    
  Kudos      
 Biography  
 Contact




Copyright © 2014  Flaum Leadership. All rights reserved.


FOLLOW US
 
  
  

CONTACT US
Lisa Pollione
Call Us : (212) 847 9631


QUICK CONTACT







 



 













Pre order Sander's New Book
First 50 Sign-Ups to Receive Autographed Copy!





Email *



Name










Switch to our mobile site











Marathon Pharmaceuticals, LLC | Sander A. Flaum - Marathon Pharmaceuticals, LLC



































































										Marathon
Pharmaceuticals, LLC








Marathon

Innovating pharmaceuticals for life













© 2017 Marathon Pharmaceuticals, LLC



Innovating pharmaceuticals for life




PRINCIPAL, FLAUM NAVIGATORS
Sander A. Flaum
Principal of Flaum Navigators, Sander Flaum is a veteran consultant to Fortune 500 pharmaceutical companies. He is an acknowledged business leader, marketing and sales effectiveness coach, motivational speaker and best-selling author.
Flaum Navigators accelerates business growth through transformational ideas that galvanize Leadership, Brand Building and Innovation. The FN mission is to help clients obtain sales and marketing solutions to facilitate jumping the revenue curve. Sander created the first patient-adherence program, the first patient-guarantee program, the first indigent-patient program, the first evangelical-selling program and the first co-pay plan. His ability to challenge conventional wisdom has assisted his clients to confront daunting odds and successfully reinvent themselves to maintain their market advantage.
Sander received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University, followed by an MBA degree from Fairleigh Dickinson University.  He went on to work for 18 years at Lederle Laboratories, which merged into Wyeth, then Pfizer. In his tenure as Marketing Director of Lederle Rx products, vaccines, generics and oncology products, Sander was responsible for many notable new product launches.
Post Lederle, Sander became Chairman and CEO of EuroRSCG Becker (now Havas Health) where he led a worldwide team of marketing strategists in introducing six blockbuster $2 billion healthcare brands.  In 2003, Medical Advertising News named Sander its Man of the Year and Becker its Agency of the Year. After his tenure at Havas Health, Sander went on to launch Flaum Navigators in 2004.
Sander is a featured speaker at numerous marketing conferences and leadership events, and conducts workshops to stimulate creative innovation. His seminars are credited by clients with helping them exceed EBIT expectations, improve sales productivity, and foster leadership values.
Sander is Chair of the Fordham Leadership Forum at Fordham’s Graduate School of Business Administration where he serves as an Adjunct Professor and Executive-in-Residence. He serves on the boards of Ohio State University’s James Cancer Center, and Fisher College of Business and the College of Arts and Science, Lime Connect, Eagle Pharmaceuticals and Marathon Pharmaceuticals. He is also a Board Member of the American Institute for Stuttering and Edge4Vets where he assists returning veterans with job placement skills. Author of three books on leadership and achieving success in challenging times, Sander’s latest book, The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen To You: How a Career Reversal Can Reinvigorate Your Life (2013, Big Shoes Publishing) was written to guide business professionals to re-empower themselves after a job loss or get unstuck from a passionless career.
Sander’s previous books, Big Shoes: How Successful Leaders Grow into New Roles (2009, LeaderShape) and The 100-Mile Walk: A Father and Son on a Quest to Find the Essence of Leadership (2006, Amacom) have been endorsed by numerous company leaders for providing essential advice on how to tackle the management hurdles of a career. Sander also writes a monthly column for the American Management Association’s M World and Medical Marketing & Media.
Sander‘s weekly PSR radio show, ‘Leader’s Edge,’ (www.robinhoodradio.com) advances the ideas and debate of his ‘Leader’s Edge’ blog.  Selected in both 2001 and 2011 as the Fordham Business School’s commencement speaker, Sander has also been awarded The Ohio State University’s Professional Achievement Award and the OSU Pacesetter Business Leadership award and in 2015 he was named one of the Innovators of our industry by PM360 Magazine.
For more information, visit the Flaum Navigators website at www.flaumnavigators.com or www.flaumleadership.com.



























Marathon Pharmaceuticals, LLC | Sander A. Flaum - Marathon Pharmaceuticals, LLC



































































										Marathon
Pharmaceuticals, LLC








Marathon

Innovating pharmaceuticals for life













© 2017 Marathon Pharmaceuticals, LLC



Innovating pharmaceuticals for life




PRINCIPAL, FLAUM NAVIGATORS
Sander A. Flaum
Principal of Flaum Navigators, Sander Flaum is a veteran consultant to Fortune 500 pharmaceutical companies. He is an acknowledged business leader, marketing and sales effectiveness coach, motivational speaker and best-selling author.
Flaum Navigators accelerates business growth through transformational ideas that galvanize Leadership, Brand Building and Innovation. The FN mission is to help clients obtain sales and marketing solutions to facilitate jumping the revenue curve. Sander created the first patient-adherence program, the first patient-guarantee program, the first indigent-patient program, the first evangelical-selling program and the first co-pay plan. His ability to challenge conventional wisdom has assisted his clients to confront daunting odds and successfully reinvent themselves to maintain their market advantage.
Sander received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University, followed by an MBA degree from Fairleigh Dickinson University.  He went on to work for 18 years at Lederle Laboratories, which merged into Wyeth, then Pfizer. In his tenure as Marketing Director of Lederle Rx products, vaccines, generics and oncology products, Sander was responsible for many notable new product launches.
Post Lederle, Sander became Chairman and CEO of EuroRSCG Becker (now Havas Health) where he led a worldwide team of marketing strategists in introducing six blockbuster $2 billion healthcare brands.  In 2003, Medical Advertising News named Sander its Man of the Year and Becker its Agency of the Year. After his tenure at Havas Health, Sander went on to launch Flaum Navigators in 2004.
Sander is a featured speaker at numerous marketing conferences and leadership events, and conducts workshops to stimulate creative innovation. His seminars are credited by clients with helping them exceed EBIT expectations, improve sales productivity, and foster leadership values.
Sander is Chair of the Fordham Leadership Forum at Fordham’s Graduate School of Business Administration where he serves as an Adjunct Professor and Executive-in-Residence. He serves on the boards of Ohio State University’s James Cancer Center, and Fisher College of Business and the College of Arts and Science, Lime Connect, Eagle Pharmaceuticals and Marathon Pharmaceuticals. He is also a Board Member of the American Institute for Stuttering and Edge4Vets where he assists returning veterans with job placement skills. Author of three books on leadership and achieving success in challenging times, Sander’s latest book, The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen To You: How a Career Reversal Can Reinvigorate Your Life (2013, Big Shoes Publishing) was written to guide business professionals to re-empower themselves after a job loss or get unstuck from a passionless career.
Sander’s previous books, Big Shoes: How Successful Leaders Grow into New Roles (2009, LeaderShape) and The 100-Mile Walk: A Father and Son on a Quest to Find the Essence of Leadership (2006, Amacom) have been endorsed by numerous company leaders for providing essential advice on how to tackle the management hurdles of a career. Sander also writes a monthly column for the American Management Association’s M World and Medical Marketing & Media.
Sander‘s weekly PSR radio show, ‘Leader’s Edge,’ (www.robinhoodradio.com) advances the ideas and debate of his ‘Leader’s Edge’ blog.  Selected in both 2001 and 2011 as the Fordham Business School’s commencement speaker, Sander has also been awarded The Ohio State University’s Professional Achievement Award and the OSU Pacesetter Business Leadership award and in 2015 he was named one of the Innovators of our industry by PM360 Magazine.
For more information, visit the Flaum Navigators website at www.flaumnavigators.com or www.flaumleadership.com.
































Share 100-Mile Walk with an HTML embed code













WE BELIEVE IN BOOKS













Our People
Our Purpose
Our Story




Author Services
Book Customization
Book Publicity & Advertising
Bulk Book Shipping
Bulk eBooks
Corporate Reading Programs & B-School Fulfillment
Customer Service
Mass Book Mailings






Share 100-Mile Walk with an embed code
<iframe src="https://800ceoread.com/products/e/100-mile-walk-jonathon-a-flaum-sander-a-flaum-english" frameborder="0" width="150" height="325" scrolling="no"> Inline frames not supported </iframe> 
Copy and paste this code into your blog or content management system to display it on your site.



When in place you should see this:

 Inline frames not supported 



    By default the widget will display separate from the content around it.  
    Your layout might look better if the widget flows into a content area.  
    Embed codes below can accomplish this:
  

  OPTION #1 - Widget floats to the left with content on the right.
  <iframe src="https://800ceoread.com/products/e/100-mile-walk-jonathon-a-flaum-sander-a-flaum-english" frameborder="0" width="150" height="325" align="left" scrolling="no"> Inline frames not supported </iframe> 

  OPTION #2 - Widget floats to the right with content on the left.
  <iframe src="https://800ceoread.com/products/e/100-mile-walk-jonathon-a-flaum-sander-a-flaum-english" frameborder="0" width="150" height="325" align="right" scrolling="no"> Inline frames not supported </iframe> 




Back to 100-Mile Walk















