








J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































J.M. Forbes & Co. LLP is a private investment advisory and trust office providing personalized money management and trustee services to individuals, trusts and foundations since 1838. The firm invests over half a billion dollars as an SEC-registered investment advisor with the twin goals of strong risk-adjusted returns in good times and careful capital preservation in periods of downturn. Our partners, administrators, and tax professionals come to know individual clients and families well, crafting integrated investment, estate, and tax plans that recognize their goals, means and circumstances. In a world of rapid change we use the best new tools to maintain a steady course across the generations, allowing clients to pursue their lives knowing that the financial fundamentals are covered.

Client Login







 
 











Contact — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































Charles St. Meeting House, 121 Mount Vernon St. Boston 



Office and HoursAddress:  121 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108Office Phone: +1 617-423-5705Office Fax: +1 617-423-6656Hours of Operations: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday; with the exception of the holidays below2017 Office Holidays:  New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day and the day before, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Thanksgiving Day and the following day, and Christmas Day.Directory:Eva Alpert: Tax, ea@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7019Jeff Bernier: Partner, jb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7018Tom Brosnan: Management, Investments, tb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7021Brian Chirco: Tax, bc@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7016Leah Duffield: Office Administration, ld@jmforbes.com; 617-316-7025 Paul Elias: Partner, pe@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7013Barbara Fitzgerald: Accounting, bf@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7011Bob Goodnow: Accounting, rg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7026Jeanne Gould: Accounting, jg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7027Tim Green: Account Management, Operations, tg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7024Paul Kendrigan: Management, Compliance, pk@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7029Linda Leahy: Tax, lal@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7032Andy Robberson: Account Management, Operations, ar@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7031Nyana Simpson: Communications, ns@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7010Scott Smith:  Account Management, Estates, ss@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7023Ben Waddicor:  Investments, bw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7017Dave Warner:  Partner, dw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7028 Directions and Parking Tips:Click on our address, 121 Mount Vernon Street to see a map of our location.Visitors to our office staying two hours or less can usually find a metered space on Charles St. These meters require ten quarters or a credit card for the full two hour limit, and remain in operation until 8 pm. All of these meters are within a three or four minute walk of our location. At the Public Garden drivers must turn right off Charles St. By taking a series of left turns, one can then circle the Public Garden, which is lined with metered spaces.  If no meter is found, simply follow the blue “P” sign down into the underground Boston Common Parking Garage and walk back down Charles two blocks to find us.Form ADV:Please click here to view our Form ADV, registered with the Securities Exchange Commission.






 
 











History — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































Brig Eagle carried Forbes cargoes from China



History of J.M. Forbes & Co.:John Murray Forbes was born in Bordeaux, France in 1813, where his father Ralph was making another of many unsuccessful attempts to establish himself in foreign trade. The family moved back to Milton, Massachusetts in 1814, and older brothers Thomas and Robert Bennett Forbes soon went to work for their maternal uncles James and Thomas Handasyd Perkins at age twelve and were soon sent to sea, ultimately moving to work in the China trade at Canton (now Guangzhou) upriver from Hong Kong and Macao.After several years at the progressive Round Hill School in Northampton the much younger John joined the Perkins firm at 13, and shipped out to China three years later. Arriving in China to learn of his elder brother Thomas’ death in a typhoon, John soon was pressed into the service of the China trade Mandarin Houqua, for whom he acted as intermediary with western merchants. Young John Forbes at eighteen looked older than his years due to early balding, and was able to work as peer to men far older than he in his service for Russell & Company, the successor to his uncles’ firm Perkins & Co.Leaving China at twenty to return to Boston, John met and married Sarah Swain Hathaway (after being first smitten by her betrothed identical twin) before immediately heading back to the far east. He returned to settle in Milton once and for all three years later. JMF arrived in Boston to face the financial panic of 1837 and found that Russell & Co. was owed $400,000 by bankers who were unable to pay. This put Russell & Co. in a very tight situation and JMF was hard put to it to keep the company afloat. At the same time brother Bennett had a problem similar to Russell & Co. in that people whose notes he had endorsed were unable to pay, whereupon Bennett returned to China to recoup his losses. Paul Sieman Forbes, son of JMF’s uncle Col. James Grant Forbes, followed Bennett to China, where he succeeded Bennett and remained in charge of Russell & Co. for many years. Russell and Co. continued to do business with J.M. Forbes & Co., and ultimately was folded into the younger firm.The Chinese Merchant, Houqua, with whom Russell & Co. conducted all or most of its business in China became disappointed in some of his dealings with Baring Bros. (the London banking house) and transferred much of his business to JMF with whom he had had close association in the former years. Houqua also placed a substantial sum with JMF to be invested for him in U.S. securities. This was carried on the books of JMF & Co. under the designation ASI. (American Stock Investment). The records are incomplete but the amount was probably in the order of $500,000 which would be equivalent in today’s value [1987] to about ten million dollars. After the death of Houqua the account continued for the benefit of his son for many years.The earliest surviving JMF & Co. ledger is dated Milton, 10 April 1838. It records transactions with Tom Wigglesworth, Geo. Trumbull, Joseph Cogswell, A. Heard, Baring Bros & Co., Russell Sturgis, Russell & Co., R.B. Forbes and many others. The entries refer to sales of tea and silk, the purchase of stock of Lowell Rail Road, of the cost of furniture in a house in Macao (China) to be refunded by — Hathaway, and pin money for JMF’s wife Sarah Swain Forbes. JMF Reminiscences records that JMF & Co. was involved with the construction of the ships Antelope and Coquette and later the auxiliary steamship Massachusettsof about 750 tons, one of the first Atlantic steamships. After several voyages she was sold to the U.S. Government for use as a transport in the Mexican war and thereafter continued in Government service for many years.In the early years, the business was done by a number of individuals taking shares in separate ventures. There does not appear to have been a formal partnership until much later. In the middle 1840s JMF bought about a one-tenth interest in a railroad being built in Michigan. His associates in this venture were John E. Thayer, William Dwight, John C. Green, George Griswald, Esastus Corning and a young engineer J.W. Brooks who became general superintendent. JMF was president. At that time, the road was one quarter built. The individuals interested in Michigan Central Railroad contracted to build the Sault St. Marie ship canal around St. Mary’s Rapids thereby connecting Lake Superior with the rest of the Great Lakes. Mr. Brooks had charge of the canal construction as well as the building of the railroad but he got it finished within the time required in the contract.JMF and others bought extensive timber land and mineral land in the Lake Superior area including the location of the famous Calumet and Hecla copper mine. JMF recalled that, with few exceptions, the speculation in timber and mineral lands was a failure, considerable work and risk with small net profit.In about 1847 W.F. Cary of New York interested JMF in taking on the Mt. Savage Co. in Maryland. This property of about 5,000 acres contained coal, iron ore and limestone. It had good housing for personnel, one blast furnace in operation and others nearly completed, an iron mill, foundry, brick yard and good railroad connection. More capital was needed to commence production of rails, etc. Calls for more capital were frequent and this led to management by JMF in addition to all his other ventures and the China trade.In the mid-1840s there was a potato crop failure in Ireland with widespread starvation reported. JMF obtained the use of the steamer Jamestown and with the help of the Boston community loaded her with potatoes. Brother Bennett took charge and she arrived in Ireland in time to benefit the hungry.In the 1850s there was a great deal going on. There was a shortage of wheat in France. The French Government of Louis Napoleon sought the help of Baring Bros in London. Russell Sturgis, then a partner in Baring Bros asked JMF & Co. to find wheat. JMF had his agents on the Michigan Central Railway quietly buy up wheat. The matter had to be kept secret for if it became known that the French Government was the purchaser, speculators would have tried to buy up the wheat and raise the price. The value of the wheat sent was about five million dollars.  In a letter to an agent JMF wrote “I have concluded to ship 50,000 barrels of wheat to Havre. Please charter ships.” JMF was building ships for Russell & Co. at this period.In 1857, JMF was called to make haste to London to raise two million dollars for the Michigan Central Railroad. Baring Bros provided the money. Later JMF sold his interest in that railroad and the ownership passed to New York.The trade with China in tea, silk, fire crackers, hemp and other merchandise continued at a fast pace involving shipments on twenty or more ships. The problems of the Mt. Savage Iron Works continued. Some new names appear in the book including E.J. Hale as a partner, James Joy in connection with the railroads and Charles Russell Lowell who was taken in to help with the extra work. It was intended that Lowell would take on the management of the Mt. Savage enterprise, but the Civil War intervened. (Note: Lowell soon became an officer in General Sheridan’s cavalry. During the Shenandoah campaign he had thirteen horses shot under him, four of them (including “Billy” from Naushon) in the battle of Winchester at Cedar Creek where he was killed. His promotion to Brigadier General arrived at his death.)Toward the end of the 1860s decade the names of H.S. Russell and George Tyson appear; the former married JMF’s daughter Mary. Hale had been engaged to another daughter, Ellen Randolph Forbes. There was a bewildering array of railroad and real estate investments to manage and the remnant of the China Trade. Most of the work was done by Hale.A change came with the advent of the Civil War. JMF himself spent much time in Washington but the firm continued its former activities and in addition, managed accounts for JMF’s sisters and cousins. Among them were the children of Paul Sieman Forbes: William Howell Forbes who married Dora Delano; Fanny who married Odilon Barrot; Mary who married Gaston Louis-Phillippe de Choiseul-Praslin; daughter Florence who crossed the Atlantic to visit her two sisters in France, became seasick on the crossing and never risked being seasick again; and last, Paul Revere Forbes who did not marry.JMF’s mission to England during the war was to forestall the delivery of naval vessels to the South is recorded elsewhere. Secret plans for the relief of Fort Sumpter were communicated from Washington to Governor Andrew in Massachusetts through JMF & Co. by means of the private cipher. (Many years later JMF grandson William Cameron Forbes made use of the same code for particularly sensitive communications from the Philippines to Washington via JMF & Co.)With the end of the war, JMF’s son William H. Forbes became involved with the firm. The China trade was only a remnant but there were plenty of other ventures. E.J. Hale, H.S. Russell, Tyson and Joy continued their participation.At the end of the Franco-Prussian war (1870-71) Paris had been under siege for a long period and starvation was prevalent. A number of people subscribed to a relief fund. JMF went to Washington where he obtained from the authorities in President Grant’s administration the assignment of the U.S. Navy steamer Worcester to carry food to Havre under the command of Captain Perkins and a navy crew. In this period, J.M. Forbes & Co. managed the U.S. investments of Alexis de Toqueville and continued to do so for his widow until 1877. The ASI (American Stock Investment) account continued for the son of Houqua.The array of some of the different railroads that had been acquired was consolidated in the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad. During the Civil War and after, it had been managed by Brooks and Joy. JMF was Chairman of the Board. In 1875, JMF learned that his long term associate Joy, had formed a construction company and had executed a contract between it and the railroad which was highly disadvantageous to the railroad and, in effect, guaranteed a profit to his construction company at the expense of the railroad. A few of the other directors were in on the construction company. The others knew nothing about it. There was a first rate row. JMF pointed out the impropriety of this to Joy who claimed he could see nothing wrong and that he would run the construction company very economically. JMF mobilized a fellow director Griswald and his son WHF. They really stirred up the dust, got Joy and the others in his camp thrown out, the contracts cancelled and the railroad company back on the track. JMF tried several new people as president but they had indifferent success. Then he put in as president his nephew Charles E. Perkins, son-in-law of brother Bennett. After that all was well. (Note: Many years later, in 1921, JMF grandson Ralph E. Forbes, travelling with his family to Sheridan, Wyoming, was waiting for seats in the dining car when the steward came and told him that a table was reserved for his family, explaining that they always reserved a table for any of the family that were on the train. JMF & Co. must have passed the word.)In the 1870s there appear to have been two sets of books, JMF personal accounts which are concerned with a large number of real estate investments in Florida, the middle west coal and oil land and many railroad stocks and bonds. The purchase of the yacht Fayal is recorded in 1872. In a different book, the trading by JMF & Co. with Russell & Co. in Shanghai and Hong Kong in tea and occasionally ginger and hemp is recorded. Sample division of balances:April 1873                          June 30, 1873 JMF               2,110             J. Walcott                 8,928E.J. Hale       4,221             J.M. Forbes              53,929H.S. Russell  3,165            G. Tyson                   53,747WHF             3,165             J. Malcolm Forbes   59,430                                          E.J. Hale                     2,470By the 1880s a great many investments in real estate in the south and particularly in the west had been accumulated. Forbes Perkins & Scott (F.P. & S.) had many holdings along railroad lines and elsewhere in the west. South Platte Land, Utah lands, and Western Land Associations were formed. (Those were liquidated slowly over the next fifty years, the last being Lincoln Land Co.). Trusts were set up in 1883 for the benefit of JMF’s daughters Alice, Mary and Sarah with sons W.H. Forbes and J. Malcolm Forbes, and associate Nathaniel H. Stone as trustees. The entry of William H. Forbes into the telephone business as president of the National Bell Telephone Co. (later called American Telephone & Telegraph Co.) appears only as occasional purchases of stock in the company.For many years the office of J.M. Forbes & Co. was maintained in the Sears Building at 199 Washington Street overlooking the old State House. All of the old journals and ledgers were stored there in a locked steel vault. When the time came to move, in 1966 to 53 State Street, it became impractical to move all of the ancient volumes. Some simply disintegrated in piles of loose leaves on the floor. By 1966, vast space was required to store the books which recorded every transaction in the China trade and in the account of every client from the beginning until that date. Many old records were disposed of. The second move to 24 Federal Street in 1980 resulted in more attrition and the requirements of various arms of the Government for records for their use preempted available space still further. There remain a series of representative ledgers now donated to the Baker Library at the Harvard Business School and to the Massachusetts Historical Society.In the 1880s accounts and trusts managed for expanding family and the household and other living expenses of the clients occupy the books. In that period, J.M. Forbes & Co. acted as a bank and honored checks drawn upon it by any of the many people with accounts. Joy and Hale had gone. Nathaniel Stone was active. WHF was active with telephone business, and as Treasurer of Milton Academy, paying the salaries of the teachers and much else. The China Trade had almost faded. It its place are occasional ventures in wheat, pig iron, etc. JMF’s youner son J. Malcolm Forbes appears in the accountings. It is not clear when J.M. Forbes & Co. became a formal partnership. It appears that different people came in from time to time to share in particular ventures.In the 1890s, JMF left more of the work to the younger ones. Probably Nathaniel Stone oversaw the routine trust business while WHF and J. Malcolm Forbes kept track of their separate enterprises and interests. There is a legend that JMF often rode horseback to Boston and left his horse in a livery stable. Several times he went to lunch with a friend and accepted a ride home in a carriage. Then he could not remember where he had left the horse. His groom was sent to look around at the various livery stables to try to find the missing horse.After the death of WHF in 1897, several of the younger relatives were briefly associated with JMF & Co. It has been said that at various times, JMF grandsons James S. Russell and Waldo E. Forbes, and cousin John Forbes Perkins had taken part. JMF grandson W. Cameron Forbes was a partner in Stone & Webster, an engineering firm active in building electric utility plants, street railways and other large undertakings. His relationship with JMF & Co. was peripheral until the death of J. Malcolm Forbes; thereafter, although he was serving as Governor General in the Philippines, he maintained an association with the firm. After his return from the Philippines in 1914 WCF became the dominant figure in JMF & Co. The principal function of the firm had become the management of investments for a constantly increasing number of people. Trade in commodities had given way to investments in railroads, telephones, utilities and other industries.In 1917, the Neponset Investment Co. was formed. It was what might be called a venture or private equity fund today. The purpose of Neponset, as described by WCF to partner and JMF great-grandson David Cabot Forbes, was to buy substantial interests in small promising enterprises and to provide wise direction and possibly financing to them. Among the holdings were Dana S. Courtney Co., Petroleum Heat & Power Co., Murray & Tregurtha, and Copper Range Co. Principal shareholders originally were Kidder Peabody and Jackson Curtis but by 1923 JMF & Co. became the headquarters of Neponset and managed it until its final liquidation in 1960.  Sample account books for some of these firms survive in the Baker Library at Harvard.Nathaniel Stone died in 1926 and family members Raymond Emerson and then Edward Cunningham joined the firm. WCF continued to be active in the firm until his departure to serve as US ambassador to Japan in 1930. After his return from Japan he took no further active part in the affairs of JMF & Co. although he remained a partner until his death in 1959. The first formal partnership agreement that has been found is dated 1931. Among its provisions is a prohibition preventing any partner from guaranteeing the obligations of other persons without the unanimous consent of all the members of the firm. The same prohibition survived in 1987. It followed the policy of JMF, who on starting the firm in 1838 was advised by an older relative to “be not too ready to put thy name on paper” and JMF’s own comment: “Give money if you have it, but be slow to write your name on other people’s paper.”After 1890, the partners appear to have been:J.M. Forbes 1838-1898William H. Forbes 1865-1897J. Malcolm Forbes 187?-1904Nathaniel H. Stone 188?-1926W. Cameron Forbes 1904-1930 inactive till 1959Raymond Emerson 1927-1958 inactive till 1962Edward Cunningham 1928-1970 inactive till 1972David C. Forbes 1948-1984David Emerson 1956-1986Julian Crocker 1966-1989R. Forbes Perkins 1972-1989Roger L. Gregg 1982-2004William N. Bancroft 1986-2009Malcolm L. Davidson 1990-2015David C. Warner 1990-presentPaul Elias 2005-presentJeffrey L. Bernier 2015-presentIt is of interest to note the evolution of investment policy over the years. Starting about:1830: Trade in tea, silk, etc.1840: Land and Railroads1850: Mines1870: Telephone1890: Utilities1900: Specialties1910: Heavy Industries1920: Chemicals1950: Electronics1960: Food & Drugs1990s: Diversified Growth StocksDavid C. Forbes, April 1987Updated by W.N. Bancroft, January 2003Updated by Paul Elias, December, 2010, 2015






 
 











Accounts & Charges — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































JM Forbes at the Charles St. Meeting House



New Accounts:Each year we accept a small number of new accounts based on the fit between a client’s goals and our strengths. We take time to determine whether we can offer the kinds of support that the client needs, and if everything fits we establish an account, or family of accounts, and move forward. In general, we expect a new client will bring one to two million dollars into the firm to start the relationship. This threshold is not hard and fast and it may be met by a group of related accounts arriving together, or a smaller account related to that of an existing client or one for which additional assets are anticipated in future. In a family group there are good reasons to maintain smaller satellite accounts for grandchildren or others, so we do not charge punitive minimum fees. Regarding investment, we handle small accounts with care and attention, selecting exchange traded funds when account size does not permit a full range of individual stock holdings. Please contact us if you would like to explore the opening of an account or accounts.Account Types:We host a number of account types including:Agency accounts: standard investment accounts owned by an individual and managed by us on a discretionary basis or with the client retaining final decision-making authorityTrust accounts: investment accounts administered by a trustee following instructions in a trust document on behalf of beneficiariesRetirement accounts: qualified tax-advantaged accounts managed for distribution during retirementCustodial accounts: accounts held for minor children with a custodian acting until the child reaches 21 years of agePrivate foundations: non-taxable investment accounts which, like trusts, are managed by trustees for purposes specified in the founding documentEndowment accounts: investment accounts which are managed by trustees for the benefit of the endowed institutionOften a client will establish accounts of several different types to meet a range of needs.Statements and Electronic Account Information:Real-time account information is accessible through this website by clicking on “Client Login” in the menu list or at the bottom of the homepage.  Follow instructions there to obtain a username and password to access the secure server and generate reports regarding your account holdings and transactions.  In addition, all account holders receive four quarterly and one annual statement in paper form, unless the recipient opts to receive these in electronic form.Charges:Our Basic Fee: We charge a fee to every client covering our investment and fiduciary activity on their behalf.  Depending upon account size, the fee works out to between 0.65% and 1% of the assets invested by us per year.  Fees act as a drag on investment returns, so we work to keep our fee reasonable and transparent in an industry not known for either.  Please request our fee schedule to understand the components of the basic fee, and to see our fees for tax preparation and executor services.Avoiding fund charges and “loads”: We typically purchase individual securities rather than mutual funds for our clients, avoiding fund charges for management and administration.  When we find that a fund offers an important benefit that we cannot get elsewhere, like index exposure to the Chinese stock market, we select the best fund for the purpose at the lowest expense charge.  In today’s competitive markets more and more low-cost options exist for careful buyers.  Also, as a professional buyer we qualify for institutional grade fund shares which don’t carry the entry and exit “loads” that can impose as much as a 5% one-time cost on retail customers.Brokerage commissions: The purchase or sale of shares must generally be executed by a registered broker-dealer with a seat on one of the exchanges.  We negotiate competitive rates with the broker-dealers we use based on share volume.  As an institutional buyer/seller we pay a very low per-share fee, whereas retail and broker-dealer customers pay a per-trade commission which often costs many times as much.  Commissions are deducted in computing prices paid and sale proceeds received.   J.M. Forbes & Co. receives security analysis services from the brokerages we use but no share of commission payments.






 
 











Investment — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































Alexander Graham Bell, backed by JM Forbes & Co.



Investment Strategy:We use a broad array of tools to work towards two basic yet critical objectives: strong risk-adjusted returns and preservation of capital. To meet these goals we employ a core investment strategy adapted to client needs. For some this translates into optimized growth, for others maximized income, conditioned by individual investment goals, time horizon, tax situation, and risk tolerance. We believe that taking a long time horizon provides us with a strategic advantage: we position portfolios to benefit from major trends rather than short term market movements. Stock Selection:We screen a broad universe of equities to find companies that should deliver strong long term price and dividend appreciation. Some of the attributes we look for include a strong balance sheet, sound management, competitive products, and attractive valuation. Our search results in an active list of about 100 companies from which we create a portfolio of 40 to 50 names that are continually monitored and evaluated. Our goal is constant tracking but selective trading: so stock holdings might shift only 10% to 20% in a given year.International Investment:We believe that over the coming years the US will represent a shrinking fraction of the world economy. We position client accounts for this by holding non-US stock positions, holding positions in US companies with major revenues abroad, and through investment in regional indices to capture growth outside this country.Fixed Income Securities:We actively manage client bond holdings to produce maximum income within specific risk parameters by working with the variables of duration, credit risk, and return. We include tax-free yield for high-bracket clients, sell positions at times to capture market premiums, and work with outside managers and their bond funds to achieve diversified corporate bond yield. As with other assets, we seek to find stable fixed income positions to avoid frequent trading, but will act quickly if underlying factors shift.Portfolio Adjustments:The forces of the economy, needs of the client, changes in consumer demand, and business innovation along with many other factors result in constant movement in the values of assets in each portfolio. We continually evaluate these factors looking for validation of our strategies or indications of the need for change. We monitor portfolios and intervene to rebalance, raise funds, or adjust holdings as the situation requires.Socially Responsible Investing:Clients may wish to invest only in the stock of companies meeting specific criteria for employment practices, labor relations, environmental impacts, and other matters. We support this approach by tailoring portfolio holdings to match these concerns. We can provide information on specific companies and assist in creating a portfolio that reflects the client’s beliefs.






 
 











Legacy — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































The Mansion House, summer residence of JM Forbes, painted by Denman Ross



Estate Planning:We work with clients to plan how assets should be passed on to heirs and charities with minimal tax payment to yield an optimal result.  We help clients create a plan that is simple and inexpensive to administer, and that retains flexibility to accommodate unforeseen circumstances while fully accomplishing client objectives.  This preparation and planning pays off in significant reductions in attorney fees as final estate documents are created, and it also often yields substantial savings in inheritance taxes at the time of asset transfers.Gifting and Philanthropy:We often help structure charitable donations, private foundations, land conservation plans and philanthropic trusts to achieve giving goals as part of a client legacy.  We also implement gifting programs to family members and others as part of overall estate planning.  For gifts of tangible items we are knowledgeable about required appraisal processes and filings.  For more complex philanthropic structures, such as private foundations, and charitable lead or remainder trusts, the firm’s partners may act as trustees and administer dedicated funds over time for specified purposes.Executor Services:A person’s vision is only fully achieved if their estate plan is administered correctly when the time comes.  Clients often name the partners of JM Forbes & Co as executors in their wills. In this role the partner, supported by the firm’s administrators and tax preparers, works with families and professional advisors to ensure the best outcome.  Some tasks are straightforward such as paying debts, evaluating property, distributing legacies and making philanthropic gifts.  Others can be intricate, such as operating or winding up a family business, selling real estate, seeing to the fair distribution of heirlooms, and filing of required tax returns.Legacy Administration by Trustees:An estate plan may create trusts, foundations, and other entities which implement the goals of the donor during his or her life and far beyond. Such structures can protect assets from tax, guide funds to heirs far into the future, establish and govern institutions, and much more.  The partners of the firm may act as trustees to administer such structures for as long as required, often over many generations.   As trustees, the partners invest the assets allocated to each purpose and make decisions going forward that are guided by the donor’s intent in the governing document, beneficiaries’ circumstances and needs, and by the relevant bodies of law.Administration for Children:Children cannot hold funds in their own name, yet many plans call for gifting by parents to children to reduce the parents’ taxable estate, and many trusts are designed to make payments for the benefit of children.  Partners at JM Forbes & Co can act as custodian in these situations, accepting and investing assets in the name of the child, paying out as needed for education costs, medical expenses, and other purposes, and finally delivering this important nest-egg to the child at twenty-one.Key Documents:We recommend that J.M. Forbes & Co. clients maintain a number of critical documents instructing and empowering trusted agents to act when the client cannot.  The best estate planning and investment returns can be compromised if a few key documents are not created and then periodically tuned-up as life unfolds.  Thus we recommend that clients keep each of the following documents current:Durable power of attorney: to enable a partner at the firm or a family member, or both, to act on a client’s behalf in financial matters in case of need.Will and/or Revocable Trust (if appropriate):  to organize disposition of property and ongoing aspects of a client’s legacy.Healthcare proxy: naming another trusted person to make medical decisions when a person cannot make such decisions themselves.  This may be supplemented by a Living Will to provide specific guidance on how to make such decisions under particular circumstances.  A HIPAA form, authorizing access to medical records, may also be useful if not covered in the proxy document.Beneficiary designation: to direct retirement plan assets to the appropriate heirs.We can retain these and other important client documents either in our files, both electronic and physical, or in our vault.  In this way if any authorized person requires access to a healthcare proxy, will, trust, or beneficiary designation we will be able to supply it.  Review of these documents should become a routine process from time to time to ensure that they do not become outdated.






 
 











Contact — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































Charles St. Meeting House, 121 Mount Vernon St. Boston 



Office and HoursAddress:  121 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108Office Phone: +1 617-423-5705Office Fax: +1 617-423-6656Hours of Operations: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday; with the exception of the holidays below2017 Office Holidays:  New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day and the day before, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Thanksgiving Day and the following day, and Christmas Day.Directory:Eva Alpert: Tax, ea@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7019Jeff Bernier: Partner, jb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7018Tom Brosnan: Management, Investments, tb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7021Brian Chirco: Tax, bc@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7016Leah Duffield: Office Administration, ld@jmforbes.com; 617-316-7025 Paul Elias: Partner, pe@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7013Barbara Fitzgerald: Accounting, bf@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7011Bob Goodnow: Accounting, rg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7026Jeanne Gould: Accounting, jg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7027Tim Green: Account Management, Operations, tg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7024Paul Kendrigan: Management, Compliance, pk@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7029Linda Leahy: Tax, lal@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7032Andy Robberson: Account Management, Operations, ar@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7031Nyana Simpson: Communications, ns@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7010Scott Smith:  Account Management, Estates, ss@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7023Ben Waddicor:  Investments, bw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7017Dave Warner:  Partner, dw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7028 Directions and Parking Tips:Click on our address, 121 Mount Vernon Street to see a map of our location.Visitors to our office staying two hours or less can usually find a metered space on Charles St. These meters require ten quarters or a credit card for the full two hour limit, and remain in operation until 8 pm. All of these meters are within a three or four minute walk of our location. At the Public Garden drivers must turn right off Charles St. By taking a series of left turns, one can then circle the Public Garden, which is lined with metered spaces.  If no meter is found, simply follow the blue “P” sign down into the underground Boston Common Parking Garage and walk back down Charles two blocks to find us.Form ADV:Please click here to view our Form ADV, registered with the Securities Exchange Commission.






 
 


﻿





























Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Praxair Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Praxair Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX)
ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys 98,582 Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF)
F&V Capital Management LLC Has $3.24 Million Stake in eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 276,421 Shares of Discover Financial Services (NYSE:DFS)
Creative Planning Has $1.21 Million Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST)
Marathon Asset Management LLP Buys 534,373 Shares of eBay Inc. (EBAY)
Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Shares Bought by Oxbow Advisors LLC
International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Position Held by Northstar Asset Management LLC
Coca-Cola Company (The) (NYSE:KO) is Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s 8th Largest Position
Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 239 Shares of CAI International, Inc. (NYSE:CAI)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires 834 Shares of Peoples Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:PEBO)
Scott & Selber Inc. Acquires 284 Shares of Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $412,000 Position in Tilly’s, Inc. (NYSE:TLYS)
Rothschild Capital Partners LLC Continues to Hold Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)
PDC Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PDCE) Position Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Stake in Orchids Paper Products Company (NYSEMKT:TIS)
Security National Trust Co. Sells 415 Shares of AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)
Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Advisors Inc.
Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) Shares Bought by Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC
Critical Comparison: BeiGene (NASDAQ:BGNE) and TESARO (TSRO)



 


Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



Forbes J M & Co. LLP cut its stake in  Praxair, Inc. (NYSE:PX) by 0.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 54,737 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 262 shares during the period. Praxair accounts for  1.7% of Forbes J M & Co. LLP’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Forbes J M & Co. LLP’s holdings in Praxair were worth $6,492,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. raised its stake in  Praxair by 16.5% in the first quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 847 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 120 shares during the period.  Sandy Spring Bank raised its stake in  Praxair by 31.2% in the first quarter. Sandy Spring Bank now owns 842 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period.  Capital Analysts LLC raised its stake in  Praxair by 6.8% in the first quarter. Capital Analysts LLC now owns 1,015 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the period.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America raised its stake in  Praxair by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,101 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period.  Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in  Praxair by 4.0% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,208 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  85.58% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Praxair Inc. alerts:



Shares of Praxair, Inc. (NYSE PX) opened at 134.16 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $133.78 and a 200 day moving average of $123.81. Praxair, Inc. has a 52 week low of $114.43 and a 52 week high of $138.69. The firm has a market cap of $38.28 billion, a PE ratio of 25.22 and a beta of 0.94. 




Praxair (NYSE:PX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.37 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.33 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $2.73 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.62 billion. Praxair had a net margin of 14.26% and a return on equity of 28.42%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 8.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.28 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Praxair, Inc. will post $5.47 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX)” was  reported by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/19/forbes-j-m-co-llp-has-6-49-million-stake-in-praxair-inc-px.html. 
PX has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. BidaskClub lowered shares of Praxair from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $162.00 price objective on shares of Praxair in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. Bank of America Corporation upgraded shares of Praxair from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $140.00 to $150.00 in a report on Wednesday, June 7th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Praxair from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $134.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Barclays PLC raised their price objective on shares of Praxair from $125.00 to $135.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $130.77.
About Praxair
Praxair, Inc is an industrial gas company. The Company’s operations are organized into five segments, four of which have been determined on a geographic basis of segmentation: North America, Europe, South America and Asia. In addition, it operates its surface technologies business through its subsidiary, Praxair Surface Technologies, Inc, which represents the fifth segment.







Receive News & Ratings for Praxair Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Praxair Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Forbes J M & Co. LLP Has $6.49 Million Stake in Praxair, Inc. 





Creative Planning Has $1.21 Million Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. 





Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 276,421 Shares of Discover Financial Services 





F&V Capital Management LLC Has $3.24 Million Stake in eBay Inc. 





ANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys 98,582 Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation 





Marathon Asset Management LLP Buys 534,373 Shares of eBay Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 





































﻿

























Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to Neutral - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Compass Group plc (NASDAQ:CMPGD) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW) Upgraded at Vetr Inc.
Robert W. Baird Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL)
J.M. Smucker Company (The)’s (NYSE:SJM) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG
Tower Research Capital LLC TRC Acquires Shares of 1,870 Galapagos NV (NASDAQ:GLPG)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Sells 6,358 Shares of MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM)
Proficio Capital Partners LLC Buys 317 Shares of Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA (BUD)
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Buys New Stake in Opko Health, Inc. (OPK)
Tower Research Capital LLC TRC Reduces Stake in Iamgold Corporation (IAG)
$148.07 Million in Sales Expected for Oclaro, Inc. (NASDAQ:OCLR) This Quarter
Traders Buy Large Volume of Groupon Call Options (NASDAQ:GRPN)
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Sells 1,900 Shares of INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR)
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Sells 1,497 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG)
Hollysys Automation Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:HOLI) Position Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky
Camden Property Trust (NYSE:CPT) Position Increased by Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio
Achmea Investment Management B.V. Takes Position in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOX)
1-800 FLOWERS.COM, Inc. (NASDAQ:FLWS) Short Interest Up 38.6% in June
Achmea Investment Management B.V. Takes Position in H&R Block, Inc. (NYSE:HRB)
$0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ:SBCF) This Quarter
Arotech Corporation (NASDAQ:ARTX) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research


 


Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to Neutral

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Piper Jaffray Companies cut shares of Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday, MarketBeat reports.
A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on CHKP. BidaskClub lowered shares of Check Point Software Technologies from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a market perform rating and issued a $116.00 target price (up previously from $110.00) on shares of Check Point Software Technologies in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on shares of Check Point Software Technologies from $109.00 to $111.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a $118.00 price objective on shares of Check Point Software Technologies in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reissued an outperform rating and issued a $115.00 price objective on shares of Check Point Software Technologies in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Nineteen research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fifteen have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Check Point Software Technologies presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $108.16.


 Get Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. alerts:



Shares of Check Point Software Technologies (NASDAQ CHKP) traded down 0.95% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $106.39. The company had a trading volume of 1,954,372 shares. Check Point Software Technologies has a 12 month low of $74.34 and a 12 month high of $116.63. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $112.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $103.93. The company has a market capitalization of $17.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.67 and a beta of 0.73. 




Check Point Software Technologies (NASDAQ:CHKP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The technology company reported $1.26 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.04. Check Point Software Technologies had a net margin of 42.17% and a return on equity of 22.12%. The business had revenue of $458.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $454.62 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.09 earnings per share. Check Point Software Technologies’s revenue was up 8.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Check Point Software Technologies will post $5.18 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/check-point-software-technologies-ltd-chkp-downgraded-by-piper-jaffray-companies-to-neutral.html. 
Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in shares of Check Point Software Technologies by 32.0% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,531 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 371 shares during the period. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Check Point Software Technologies during the first quarter valued at about $154,000. IFP Advisors Inc boosted its stake in shares of Check Point Software Technologies by 2.4% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 1,513 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $155,000 after buying an additional 36 shares during the period. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Check Point Software Technologies by 10.7% in the first quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 1,509 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $155,000 after buying an additional 146 shares during the period. Finally, Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Check Point Software Technologies by 13.9% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 1,654 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 202 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 72.42% of the company’s stock. 
Check Point Software Technologies Company Profile
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (Check point) develops, markets and supports a range of products and services for information technology (IT) security. The Company’s products and services are sold to enterprises, service providers, small and medium sized businesses and consumers. It offers enterprises a platform to deploy independent, modular and interoperable security applications (Software Blades), such as firewall, virtual private network (VPN), intrusion prevention system (IPS), Application Control, Anti-Bot, antivirus, data loss prevention (DLP), policy management, event analysis or multi-domain management. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























﻿

























Forbes J M & Co. LLP Decreases Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (NYSE:CLF) Upgraded to “Hold” by BidaskClub
Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc.
HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Rating Increased to Sell at BidaskClub
Franklin Financial Network, Inc. (FSB) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research
Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II (DSKE) Receives Outperform Rating from Cowen and Company
Grupo Aeroportuario Del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. (PAC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Century Communities (CCS) versus Lyon William Homes (WLH) Head-To-Head Analysis
Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Repligen Corporation (RGEN)
ABM Industries (ABM) versus Healthcare Services Group (HCSG) Financial Contrast
Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) vs. Aixtron Se (AIXG) Head to Head Contrast
XL Group Ltd. (XL) Given “Overweight” Rating at Morgan Stanley
W.R. Berkley Corporation (WRB) Given a $67.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (WMC) to Sell
Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Cut to Market Perform at Sanford C. Bernstein
Energizer Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ENR) Lowered to “Sell” at BidaskClub
PVH Corp. (PVH) Upgraded at ValuEngine
QUALCOMM’s (QCOM) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity
RenaissanceRe Holdings’ (RNR) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GS) Given New $240.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group
Masco Corp (NYSE:MAS) Shares Sold by Point72 Asset Management L.P.


 


Forbes J M & Co. LLP Decreases Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 

Forbes J M & Co. LLP lowered its position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP) by 1.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 70,093 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 936 shares during the period. Check Point Software Technologies accounts for approximately 1.9% of Forbes J M & Co. LLP’s portfolio, making the stock its 25th largest position. Forbes J M & Co. LLP’s holdings in Check Point Software Technologies were worth $7,196,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in Check Point Software Technologies by 32.0% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,531 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 371 shares in the last quarter. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new position in Check Point Software Technologies during the first quarter valued at $154,000. IFP Advisors Inc raised its position in Check Point Software Technologies by 2.4% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 1,513 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $155,000 after buying an additional 36 shares in the last quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. raised its position in Check Point Software Technologies by 10.7% in the first quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 1,509 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $155,000 after buying an additional 146 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Parallel Advisors LLC raised its position in Check Point Software Technologies by 13.9% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 1,654 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 202 shares in the last quarter. 72.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) traded up 0.93% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $115.72. 1,613,676 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $112.07 and a 200 day moving average price of $103.82. The company has a market cap of $19.11 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.83 and a beta of 0.73. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. has a 52-week low of $74.34 and a 52-week high of $116.63. 


 Get Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. alerts:



Check Point Software Technologies (NASDAQ:CHKP) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $1.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.07 by $0.03. Check Point Software Technologies had a net margin of 41.75% and a return on equity of 21.53%. The firm had revenue of $435.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $432.41 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.06 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. will post $5.17 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Forbes J M & Co. LLP Decreases Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/check-point-software-technologies-ltd-chkp-shares-sold-by-forbes-j-m-co-llp-updated-updated.html. 
CHKP has been the topic of a number of research reports. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $115.00 price target on shares of Check Point Software Technologies in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Check Point Software Technologies from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $87.00 to $107.00 in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $116.00 price objective (up previously from $110.00) on shares of Check Point Software Technologies in a report on Friday, April 21st. Cleveland Research raised shares of Check Point Software Technologies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, BTIG Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $118.00 price target on shares of Check Point Software Technologies in a report on Monday, April 24th. Eighteen equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $108.07.
Check Point Software Technologies Company Profile
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (Check point) develops, markets and supports a range of products and services for information technology (IT) security. The Company’s products and services are sold to enterprises, service providers, small and medium sized businesses and consumers. It offers enterprises a platform to deploy independent, modular and interoperable security applications (Software Blades), such as firewall, virtual private network (VPN), intrusion prevention system (IPS), Application Control, Anti-Bot, antivirus, data loss prevention (DLP), policy management, event analysis or multi-domain management. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 















































The Markets Daily on Twitter: "Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. $APD Stake Held by Forbes J M & Co. LLP https://t.co/kFmzksAFMV"

































Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                













TheMarketsDaily's profile
































      The Markets Daily



@TheMarketsDaily

















Tweets









The Markets Daily



@TheMarketsDaily















Joined April 2017
















Tweets












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info

























Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user
















The Markets Daily‏ @TheMarketsDaily

Jul 12






Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  








More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet








Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. $APD Stake Held by Forbes J M & Co. LLPhttp://zpr.io/Peu6V 








6:38 AM - 12 Jul 2017










0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked


























Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    












Promoted Tweet








false













© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info





















﻿






























Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Position Cut by Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Zoetis Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Zoetis Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

BTIM Corp. Has $34.14 Million Position in Eaton Vance Corporation (EV)
BTIM Corp. Has $25.60 Million Stake in Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (RHP)
Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Position Cut by Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC
Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC Sells 120 Shares of TripAdvisor, Inc. (TRIP)
Seaport Global Securities Comments on Nordic American Offshore Ltd’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NAO)
Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Momo Put Options (NASDAQ:MOMO)
EQT Corporation (EQT) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share
Brokers Offer Predictions for Gulfport Energy Corporation’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GPOR)
Zynga Inc. (NASDAQ:ZNGA) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade
Traders Sell Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE:CRM) on Strength After Insider Selling
Investors Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE:CMG)
Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on iShares iBoxx $ High Yid Corp Bond (NYSE:HYG)
Investors Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE:CMG)
Seaport Global Securities Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company (SWN)
Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Lowered by Analyst (NOV)
Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) Shares Bought by Geode Capital Management LLC
Wsfs Capital Management LLC Has $209,000 Stake in MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET)
United Rentals, Inc. (NYSE:URI) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX
Paloma Partners Management Co Lowers Stake in Equifax, Inc. (EFX)







Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Position Cut by Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC reduced its position in shares of  Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) by 7.2% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 722,456 shares of the company’s stock after selling 55,756 shares during the period. Zoetis makes up  approximately  1.6% of Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 25th largest position. Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC’s holdings in Zoetis were worth $45,067,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in ZTS. Assetmark Inc. increased its position in  Zoetis by 4.6% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 1,918 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America increased its position in  Zoetis by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,905 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter.  Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd purchased a new position in  Zoetis during the first quarter valued at $111,000.  Advisory Services Network LLC purchased a new position in  Zoetis during the first quarter valued at $112,000.  Finally, First Interstate Bank increased its position in  Zoetis by 3.5% in the first quarter. First Interstate Bank now owns 2,250 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 76 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  95.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Zoetis Inc. alerts:



Shares of Zoetis Inc. (NYSE ZTS) traded up 0.27% during trading on Thursday, hitting $62.59. The company had a trading volume of 439,751 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $62.64 and its 200-day moving average is $57.09. Zoetis Inc. has a 52 week low of $46.86 and a 52 week high of $63.85. The stock has a market capitalization of $30.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.39 and a beta of 1.03. 





Zoetis (NYSE:ZTS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.48 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.23 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.20 billion. Zoetis had a return on equity of 65.35% and a net margin of 17.25%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.48 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Zoetis Inc. will post $2.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.105 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.42 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.67%. Zoetis’s dividend payout ratio  is 24.42%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Position Cut by Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/zoetis-inc-zts-position-cut-by-atalanta-sosnoff-capital-llc.html. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on ZTS. Cowen and Company  set a $60.00 price target on Zoetis and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. BMO Capital Markets downgraded Zoetis from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $64.00 to $65.00 in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on Zoetis from $65.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. CL King began coverage on Zoetis in a research note on Friday, May 26th. They set a “buy” rating and a $71.00 price target for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Zoetis from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating and thirteen have issued  a buy rating to the company. Zoetis currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $63.11.
In other news, insider Catherine A. Knupp sold 5,785 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.16, for a total transaction of $348,025.60. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 24,415 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,468,806.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  0.31% of the company’s stock. 
Zoetis Company Profile
Zoetis Inc is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. The Company has a business, commercializing products across eight core species: cattle, swine, poultry, sheep and fish (collectively, livestock) and dogs, cats and horses (collectively, companion animals), and within five product categories: anti-infectives, vaccines, parasiticides, medicated feed additives and other pharmaceuticals.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ZTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS).







Receive News & Ratings for Zoetis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $102,000 Position in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for WEC Energy Group Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor WEC Energy Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Zacks: Analysts Anticipate AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) to Post $0.14 Earnings Per Share
Asset Advisors Corp Has $598,000 Stake in Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC)
Well Done LLC Has $227,000 Stake in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI)
Rothschild Investment Corp IL Has $1.98 Million Stake in Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. (CLUB)
Rothschild Investment Corp IL Has $1.59 Million Position in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW)
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (CDNS) Stake Reduced by Wright Investors Service Inc.
AT&T Inc. (T) Downgraded by Bank of America Corporation
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $679.48 Million
SAP SE (SAP) Shares Bought by Fisher Asset Management LLC
Fisher Asset Management LLC Purchases 77,669,044 Shares of Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN)
Barnes & Noble Education, Inc (NYSE:BNED) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”
Amarillo National Bank Holds Stake in Oshkosh Corporation (OSK)
35,000 Shares in Yelp Inc. (YELP) Acquired by Mizuho Securities USA LLC
Mizuho Securities USA LLC Takes Position in Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao (CBD)
Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) Stake Held by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Rothschild Investment Corp IL Decreases Stake in BJ’s Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI)
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
-$0.17 Earnings Per Share Expected for Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) This Quarter
AutoZone, Inc. (NYSE:AZO) Shares Bought by Private Capital Management Inc.
Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Stake Decreased by Bourne Lent Asset Management Inc.







St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $102,000 Position in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 13th, 2017 // No Comments




St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC maintained its stake in shares of  WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,662 shares of the utilities provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC’s holdings in WEC Energy Group were worth $102,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of WEC. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al raised its position in shares of  WEC Energy Group by 19.2% in the fourth quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al now owns 6,200 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $364,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in shares of  WEC Energy Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $536,000.  Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL purchased a new position in shares of  WEC Energy Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $201,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of  WEC Energy Group by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,341,117 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $195,957,000 after buying an additional 14,553 shares during the period.  Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  WEC Energy Group by 9.4% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 562,120 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $32,968,000 after buying an additional 48,170 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  70.83% of the company’s stock. 


 Get WEC Energy Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) traded down 0.88% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $60.83. 1,877,986 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $62.59 and a 200-day moving average of $60.14. The stock has a market cap of $19.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.34 and a beta of 0.11. WEC Energy Group, Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.66 and a 12 month high of $65.63. 





WEC Energy Group (NYSE:WEC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The utilities provider reported $1.12 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $2.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.42 billion. WEC Energy Group had a net margin of 12.54% and a return on equity of 10.65%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.09 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  WEC Energy Group, Inc. will post $3.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $102,000 Position in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC)” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/13/st-johns-investment-management-company-llc-has-102000-position-in-wec-energy-group-inc-wec.html. 
Several brokerages have recently issued reports on WEC. BidaskClub lowered shares of WEC Energy Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, July 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of WEC Energy Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services boosted their price target on shares of WEC Energy Group from $62.00 to $65.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, June 9th. Wolfe Research  reissued a “peer perform” rating on shares of WEC Energy Group in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of WEC Energy Group from $60.00 to $62.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $63.75.
In other news, VP Tom Metcalfe sold 7,935 shares of WEC Energy Group stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.30, for a total transaction of $486,415.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 13,994 shares in the company, valued at $857,832.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP Susan H. Martin sold 15,470 shares of WEC Energy Group stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $62.50, for a total transaction of $966,875.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 128,275 shares of company stock valued at $7,920,155 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own  0.97% of the company’s stock. 
About WEC Energy Group
WEC Energy Group, Inc was a diversified holding company with natural gas and electric utility operations, an approximately 60% equity ownership interest in American Transmission Company LLC, and non-utility electric operations through its We Power business, as of December 31, 2016. Its segments include Wisconsin; Illinois; Other States; Electric Transmission; We Power, and Corporate and Other.







Receive News & Ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿
































Fisher Asset Management LLC Has $1.67 Billion Stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Apple Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Apple Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) PT Raised to C$11.00 at Royal Bank Of Canada
Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) Price Target Cut to $49.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc.
LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Price Target Cut to $27.00
Fisher Asset Management LLC Has $1.67 Billion Stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)
General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by Youngs Advisory Group Inc.
Buckhead Capital Management LLC Has $14.16 Million Stake in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ)
Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) Reaches New 52-Week Low at $29.30
Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (NASDAQ:PMBC) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Eagle Bancorp, Inc. Increased by Analyst (EGBN)
SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Global Payments Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NYSE:GPN)
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.34 Per Share (IBKR)
CBOE Holdings, Inc. (CBOE) Sets New 52-Week High at $94.18
KT Corporation (NYSE:KT) Hits New 12-Month High at $17.94
Atento S.A. (ATTO) Sets New 52-Week High at $11.65
Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Lowers AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Price Target to $0.00
Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Yelp Inc. (NYSE:YELP) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Morgan Stanley
Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (ETR:O2D) Given a €4.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts
Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Price Target Cut to $12.00
Deutsche Bank AG Cuts Resources Connection, Inc. (NASDAQ:RECN) Price Target to $12.00




 


Fisher Asset Management LLC Has $1.67 Billion Stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

					Posted by Sarita Garza on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 




Fisher Asset Management LLC raised its stake in  Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 1.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 11,638,395 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 140,368 shares during the period. Apple comprises approximately  2.7% of Fisher Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Fisher Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Apple were worth $1,671,972,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of AAPL. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in  Apple during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $127,000.  Odey Holdings AG increased its stake in  Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares in the last quarter.  Portfolio Solutions LLC acquired a new stake in  Apple during the first quarter valued at approximately $169,000.  Fox Run Management L.L.C. acquired a new stake in  Apple during the first quarter valued at approximately $201,000.  Finally, Ullmann Financial Group Inc. acquired a new stake in  Apple during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $220,000. 61.21% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Apple Inc. alerts:



Apple Inc. (AAPL) opened at 150.27 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $147.46 and its 200-day moving average price is $140.51. The firm has a market capitalization of $783.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.63 and a beta of 1.31. Apple Inc. has a 12 month low of $96.42 and a 12 month high of $156.65. 




Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 35.09% and a net margin of 20.74%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Apple Inc. will post $8.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
Apple announced that its board has approved a stock buyback program on Tuesday, May 2nd that authorizes the company to repurchase $50.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the iPhone maker to repurchase up to 6.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase programs are typically a sign that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued. 
WARNING: This story was  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/23/fisher-asset-management-llc-has-1-67-billion-stake-in-apple-inc-nasdaqaapl.html. 
AAPL has been the subject of several recent research reports. UBS AG boosted their target price on shares of Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Citigroup Inc.  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $160.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Vetr raised shares of Apple from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $150.17 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Canaccord Genuity upped their price objective on shares of Apple from $154.00 to $165.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, Drexel Hamilton  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $185.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Eleven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $160.38.
In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 11,949 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, July 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $142.86, for a total value of $1,707,034.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 373,000 shares of company stock worth $56,497,046 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own  0.08% of the company’s stock. 
Apple Company Profile
Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).







Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





































































 











Contact — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































Charles St. Meeting House, 121 Mount Vernon St. Boston 



Office and HoursAddress:  121 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108Office Phone: +1 617-423-5705Office Fax: +1 617-423-6656Hours of Operations: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday; with the exception of the holidays below2017 Office Holidays:  New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day and the day before, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Thanksgiving Day and the following day, and Christmas Day.Directory:Eva Alpert: Tax, ea@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7019Jeff Bernier: Partner, jb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7018Tom Brosnan: Management, Investments, tb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7021Brian Chirco: Tax, bc@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7016Leah Duffield: Office Administration, ld@jmforbes.com; 617-316-7025 Paul Elias: Partner, pe@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7013Barbara Fitzgerald: Accounting, bf@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7011Bob Goodnow: Accounting, rg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7026Jeanne Gould: Accounting, jg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7027Tim Green: Account Management, Operations, tg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7024Paul Kendrigan: Management, Compliance, pk@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7029Linda Leahy: Tax, lal@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7032Andy Robberson: Account Management, Operations, ar@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7031Nyana Simpson: Communications, ns@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7010Scott Smith:  Account Management, Estates, ss@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7023Ben Waddicor:  Investments, bw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7017Dave Warner:  Partner, dw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7028 Directions and Parking Tips:Click on our address, 121 Mount Vernon Street to see a map of our location.Visitors to our office staying two hours or less can usually find a metered space on Charles St. These meters require ten quarters or a credit card for the full two hour limit, and remain in operation until 8 pm. All of these meters are within a three or four minute walk of our location. At the Public Garden drivers must turn right off Charles St. By taking a series of left turns, one can then circle the Public Garden, which is lined with metered spaces.  If no meter is found, simply follow the blue “P” sign down into the underground Boston Common Parking Garage and walk back down Charles two blocks to find us.Form ADV:Please click here to view our Form ADV, registered with the Securities Exchange Commission.






 
 











Contact — J.M. Forbes & Co.
























































Charles St. Meeting House, 121 Mount Vernon St. Boston 



Office and HoursAddress:  121 Mount Vernon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108Office Phone: +1 617-423-5705Office Fax: +1 617-423-6656Hours of Operations: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday; with the exception of the holidays below2017 Office Holidays:  New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President’s Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day and the day before, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Thanksgiving Day and the following day, and Christmas Day.Directory:Eva Alpert: Tax, ea@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7019Jeff Bernier: Partner, jb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7018Tom Brosnan: Management, Investments, tb@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7021Brian Chirco: Tax, bc@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7016Leah Duffield: Office Administration, ld@jmforbes.com; 617-316-7025 Paul Elias: Partner, pe@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7013Barbara Fitzgerald: Accounting, bf@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7011Bob Goodnow: Accounting, rg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7026Jeanne Gould: Accounting, jg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7027Tim Green: Account Management, Operations, tg@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7024Paul Kendrigan: Management, Compliance, pk@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7029Linda Leahy: Tax, lal@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7032Andy Robberson: Account Management, Operations, ar@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7031Nyana Simpson: Communications, ns@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7010Scott Smith:  Account Management, Estates, ss@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7023Ben Waddicor:  Investments, bw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7017Dave Warner:  Partner, dw@jmforbes.com ; 617-316-7028 Directions and Parking Tips:Click on our address, 121 Mount Vernon Street to see a map of our location.Visitors to our office staying two hours or less can usually find a metered space on Charles St. These meters require ten quarters or a credit card for the full two hour limit, and remain in operation until 8 pm. All of these meters are within a three or four minute walk of our location. At the Public Garden drivers must turn right off Charles St. By taking a series of left turns, one can then circle the Public Garden, which is lined with metered spaces.  If no meter is found, simply follow the blue “P” sign down into the underground Boston Common Parking Garage and walk back down Charles two blocks to find us.Form ADV:Please click here to view our Form ADV, registered with the Securities Exchange Commission.






 
 















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


