 



Franklin Street Properties Corp.















Franklin Street Properties Corp.


Flexible, Strong, Principled




















Franklin Street Properties Corp.




Franklin Street Properties
Franklin Street Properties Corp. (“FSP”), a real estate investment trust (REIT) based in Wakefield, Massachusetts, is focused on investing in institutional-quality office properties in major U.S. markets.  FSP’s strategy is to invest in select urban infill and central business district (CBD) properties, with primary emphasis on our top five markets of Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Houston, and Minneapolis.  FSP seeks value-oriented investments with an eye towards long-term growth and appreciation, as well as current income.  FSP’s primary real estate operations include property acquisitions and dispositions, leasing, development and asset management.  FSP began operations in 1997 and became a publicly-traded company in June 2005. 
NYSE MKT: FSP












 



Franklin Street Properties Corp. | About Us















Franklin Street Properties Corp.


Flexible, Strong, Principled





















About Us
Management Team





About Us
Overview
Franklin Street Properties Corp. (“FSP”, “we”, “our” or the “Company”) (NYSE MKT: FSP), a real estate investment trust (REIT) based in Wakefield, Massachusetts, is focused on investing in institutional-quality office properties in major U.S. markets.  FSP’s strategy is to invest in select urban infill and central business district (CBD) properties, with primary emphasis on our top five markets of Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Houston, and Minneapolis.  FSP seeks value-oriented investments with an eye towards long-term growth and appreciation, as well as current income.  FSP’s primary real estate operations include property acquisitions and dispositions, leasing, development and asset management.  FSP began operations in 1997 and became a publicly-traded company in June 2005.
FSP had been primarily an investor in suburban office buildings with select investments in CBD properties.  Over time, FSP’s strategy has evolved to its current focus on urban infill and select CBD office properties within five core markets – Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Houston, and Minneapolis.  FSP has also been a cyclical investor in San Diego, Silicon Valley, Greater Boston, Raleigh-Durham, and Greater Washington, DC, and will continue to monitor these markets, as well as other markets, for opportunistic investments. 
Our Business
As of January 6, 2017, the Company owned and operated a portfolio of real estate consisting of 35 properties and asset-managed 7 Sponsored REITs.  FSP actively plans to continue to make new property investments within our core markets.  Additionally, the Company may also pursue, on a selective basis, the sale of certain of its properties in order to take advantage of value creation and strong location-based demand cycles, or for geographic or property specific reasons.  FSP management believes that harvesting appreciation gains in its properties represents a meaningful contribution to the total return earned by its investors.
Strategy
FSP’s investment strategy is to make direct investments in real estate assets. Institutional-quality urban infill and CBD office properties within our core markets of Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, and Houston will be our primary target for investment.  FSP will also monitor San Diego, Silicon Valley, Greater Boston, Raleigh-Durham, and Greater Washington, DC, as well as other markets, for opportunistic investments.  The Company believes that real estate, in general, and office properties, specifically, are a cyclical asset class.  Accordingly, FSP endeavors to minimize the risk of investing in that cyclical asset class by maintaining a low to moderate level of corporate debt and historically has not had secured debt at the property level.  FSP believes that matching a flexible moderate leverage ratio with its office investments will allow it to take advantage of disposition opportunities during peaks in the cycles and protect its investments from foreclosure or refinancing risk during the lows of the cycles.  In addition to maintaining modest leverage, FSP believes that it can lower investment risk while enhancing current income and long-term appreciation potential through the geographic diversification offered by its five core markets that exhibit strong economic growth drivers. 













 



Franklin Street Properties Corp. | Property Gallery















Franklin Street Properties Corp.


Flexible, Strong, Principled









Property Gallery




Regions:West Midwest South Northeast
As of January 6, 2017, approximately 75% of our Rentable Square Footage is located in our five core markets





Locations


Colorado

380 Interlocken
390 Interlocken
Dominion Towers
1001 17th Street
1999 Broadway
Greenwood Plaza

Florida

Blue Lagoon Drive

Georgia

One Overton Park
One Ravinia Drive
Two Ravinia Drive
999 Peachtree Street
Pershing Park Plaza
Satellite Place

Illinois

303 East Wacker Drive
50 Northwest Point
909 Davis Street

Indiana

Monument Circle
One and Two River Crossing

Maryland

120 East Baltimore Street

Minnesota

121 South 8th Street
Plaza Seven Office Tower

Missouri

2345 Grand Boulevard
Timberlake Center I, II & III

North Carolina

Emperor Boulevard
Forest Park IV

Ohio

Centre Pointe V

South Carolina

1441 Main Street

Texas

Addison Circle One
Collins Crossing
Eldridge Green
Energy Tower I
Legacy Tennyson Center
Liberty Plaza
One Legacy Circle
Park Ten
Park Ten Phase II
Westchase

Virginia

4807 Stonecroft Boulevard
Innsbrook
Loudoun Technology Center
Meadow Point















Denver, CO

Miami, FL

Atlanta, GA
Duluth, GA

Chicago, IL

Indianapolis, IN

Baltimore, MD

Minneapolis, MN

Kansas City, MO
Chesterfield, MO

Durham, NC
Charlotte, NC

West Chester, OH

Columbia, SC

Dallas, TX
Houston, TX

Chantilly, VA
Glen Allen, VA



















Denver, CO





380 Interlocken
390 Interlocken
Dominion Towers
1001 17th St
1999 Broadway 
Greenwood Plaza 



Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Miami, FL





Blue Lagoon Drive 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Atlanta, GA





One Overton Park 
One Ravinia Drive
Two Ravinia Drive
999 Peachtree Street
Pershing Park Plaza


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP


Duluth, GA





Satellite Place 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Chicago, IL





50 Northwest Point 
303 East Wacker Drive 
909 Davis Street 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Indianapolis, IN





Monument Circle 
One and Two River Crossing 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Baltimore, MD





120 East Baltimore Street 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Minneapolis, MN


View Franklin Street Properties in a larger map



121 South 8th Street
Plaza Seven Office Tower


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Kansas City, MO





2345 Grand Boulevard 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Chesterfield, MO






Timberlake Center I, II & III


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Durham, NC





Emperor Boulevard


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP


Charlotte, NC





Forest Park IV 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



West Chester, OH





Centre Pointe V 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Columbia, SC





1441 Main Street 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Dallas, TX





Addison Circle One
Collins Crossing
Legacy Tennyson Center
Liberty Plaza
One Legacy Circle


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP


Houston, TX





Eldridge Green
Energy Tower I
Park Ten
Park Ten Phase II
Westchase


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP



Chantilly, VA





4807 Stonecroft Boulevard 
Loudoun Technology Center
Meadow Point 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP


Glen Allen, VA





Innsbrook 


Asset Owned by FSP Asset Managed by FSP













Franklin Street Properties Corp. | Corporate ProfileFranklin 
          Street Properties Corp.Flexible, Strong, PrincipledCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileCommittee ChartingGovernance DocumentsOfficers & DirectorsNews & Market InformationPress ReleasesEvent CalendarWebcasts & PresentationsAnalyst CoverageStock InformationStock QuoteCapital OfferingsHistoric PricesDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsAnnual ReportsIRS Form 8937Insider FilingsInsider TransactionsInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementProperty PortfolioProperty MapQuarterly FinancialsPeer AnalysisTearsheetEmail NotificationOther InformationInformation RequestFAQsRSS FeedsSite MapCorporate ProfileEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyInvestor ToolsStock QuoteNYSE MKTFSPMarket Value ($M)1,152.73Change ($)0.02Change (%)0.19Volume268,130Stock Quote ($)10.75As of July 21, 2017 - Minimum 20 minute delay.Webcast ReplayQ1 2017 Franklin Street Properties Corp Earnings Conference CallWednesday, May 3, 201710:00 AM ETWebcast ReplayQ4 2016 Franklin Street Properties Corp Earnings Conference CallWednesday, February 15, 201710:00 AM ETWebcast ReplayQ3 2016 Franklin Street Properties Corp Earnings Conference CallWednesday, October 26, 20169:00 AM ET



Franklin Street Properties Corp. Investor Presentation, June 2017



Franklin Street Properties Corp. Dominion Towers Presentation, December 2016



Franklin Street Properties Corp. Investor Presentation, November 2016



Franklin Street Properties Corp. 2016 Annual Report


Franklin Street Properties Corp. (“FSP”), a real estate investment 
trust (REIT) based in Wakefield, Massachusetts, is focused on investing in institutional-quality 
office properties in major U.S. markets. FSP’s strategy is to invest in select urban 
infill and central business district (CBD) properties, with primary emphasis on 
our top five markets of Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Houston, and Minneapolis. FSP seeks 
value-oriented investments with an eye towards long-term growth and appreciation, 
as well as current income. FSP’s primary real estate operations include property 
acquisitions and dispositions, leasing, development and asset management. FSP began 
operations in 1997 and became a publicly-traded company in June 2005.
For more info 
click here. 






Get email alerts



News ReleasesDateTitle7/20/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results7/07/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly DividendNews Releases7/20/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results7/07/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly DividendContact Information
Franklin Street Properties Corp.,
401 Edgewater Place
Wakefield, MA 01880
(781) 557-1300

Investor Relations Contact
(877) 686-9496
InvestorRelations@franklinstreetproperties.com 



Transfer Agent
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
Operations Center 
6201 15th Avenue 
Brooklyn, NY 11219
(800) 937-5449Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseFranklin Street Properties Corp. | Press ReleasesFranklin 
          Street Properties Corp.Flexible, Strong, PrincipledCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileCommittee ChartingGovernance DocumentsOfficers & DirectorsNews & Market InformationPress ReleasesEvent CalendarWebcasts & PresentationsAnalyst CoverageStock InformationStock QuoteCapital OfferingsHistoric PricesDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsAnnual ReportsIRS Form 8937Insider FilingsInsider TransactionsInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementProperty PortfolioProperty MapQuarterly FinancialsPeer AnalysisTearsheetEmail NotificationOther InformationInformation RequestFAQsRSS FeedsSite MapPress ReleasesEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyInvestor ToolsDisplay: All Press ReleasesEarnings ReleasesMerger ReleasesYear: All Years2017201620152014201320122011201020092008200720062005More Press Releases...
			DateHeadlineFormat7/20/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results
                                Continue Reading7/07/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend
                                Continue Reading5/02/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
                                Continue Reading4/24/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce First Quarter 2017 Results
                                Continue Reading4/07/2017Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend
                                Continue ReadingSource: S&P Global Market IntelligenceCopyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of UseFranklin Street Properties Corp. (NYSE MKT)
        Franklin Street Properties Corp. | Officers & DirectorsFranklin 
          Street Properties Corp.Flexible, Strong, PrincipledCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileCommittee ChartingGovernance DocumentsOfficers & DirectorsNews & Market InformationPress ReleasesEvent CalendarWebcasts & PresentationsAnalyst CoverageStock InformationStock QuoteCapital OfferingsHistoric PricesDividendsBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorSEC FilingsDocumentsAnnual ReportsIRS Form 8937Insider FilingsInsider TransactionsInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsFinancial ChartingBalance SheetIncome StatementProperty PortfolioProperty MapQuarterly FinancialsPeer AnalysisTearsheetEmail NotificationOther InformationInformation RequestFAQsRSS FeedsSite MapOfficers & DirectorsEntire IR Site
              Press Releases Only
              Filings Only
            Click on a person's name or image to view his or her biography. Click on a person's name to view his or her biography.Executive ManagementGeorge J. CarterCEO and Chairman of the Board
George J. Carter, age 67, is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and has been a director since 2002. He is responsible for all aspects of the business of Franklin Street Properties and its affiliates, with special emphasis on the evaluation, acquisition and structuring of real estate investments. Prior to the conversion (the “Conversion”) of Franklin Street Partners Limited Partnership (the “Partnership”) into the Company in 2002, Mr. Carter was President of the general partner of the Partnership (the “General Partner”) and was responsible for all aspects of the 
business of the Partnership and its affiliates. From 1992 through 1996 he was President of Boston Financial Securities, Inc. (“Boston Financial”). 
Prior to joining Boston Financial, Mr. Carter was owner and developer of Gloucester Dry Dock, a commercial shipyard in Gloucester, Massachusetts. From 1979 to 1988, Mr. Carter served as Managing Director in charge of marketing at First Winthrop Corporation, a national real estate and investment banking firm headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Prior to that, Mr. Carter held a number of positions in the brokerage industry, including positions with Merrill Lynch & Co. and Loeb Rhodes & Co. Mr. Carter is a graduate of the University of Miami (B.S.). Mr. Carter’s son, Scott H. Carter, serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company and Mr. Carter’s other son, Jeffrey B. Carter, serves as President and Chief Investment Officer of the Company. We believe Mr. Carter’s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his more than 30 years of experience in the commercial real estate and investment banking industries, including as our founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Jeffrey B. CarterPresident and Chief Investment Officer Jeffrey B. Carter, age 44, is President and Chief Investment Officer of the Company. Mr. Carter oversees the day-to-day execution of the Company's strategic objectives and business plan. In addition, Mr. Carter is primarily responsible for developing and implementing the Company’s investment strategy, including coordination of acquisitions and dispositions. Previously, Mr. Carter served as Senior Vice President and Director of Acquisitions of the Company from 2005 to 2012 and as Vice President – Acquisitions from 2003 to 2005. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Carter worked in Trust Administration for Northern Trust Bank in Miami, Florida. Mr. Carter is a graduate of Arizona State University (B.A.), The George Washington University (M.A.) and Cornell University (M.B.A.). Mr. Carter’s father, George J. Carter, serves as Chief Executive Officer and is a Director of the Company, and Mr. Carter’s brother, Scott H. Carter, serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company. John G. DemerittExecutive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
John G. Demeritt, age 55, is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Franklin Street Properties Corp. and has been Chief Financial Officer since March 2005. Mr. Demeritt previously served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Principal Accounting Officer since September 2004. Prior to September 2004, Mr. Demeritt was a Manager with Caturano & Company, an independent accounting firm (which later merged with McGladrey) where he focused on Sarbanes Oxley compliance. Previously, from March 2002 to March 2004 he provided consulting services to public and private companies where he focused on SEC filings, evaluation of business processes and acquisition integration. During 2001 and 2002 he was Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis at Cabot Industrial Trust, a publicly traded real estate investment trust, which was acquired by CalWest in December 2001. From October 1995 to December 2000 he was Controller and Officer of The Meditrust Companies, a publicly traded real estate investment trust (formerly known as the The La Quinta Companies, which was then acquired by the Blackstone Group), where he was involved with a number of merger and financing transactions. Prior to that, from 1986 to 1995 he had financial and accounting responsibilities at three other public companies, and was previously associated with Laventhol & Horwath, an independent accounting firm from 1983 to 1986. Mr. Demeritt is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Babson College. Scott H. CarterExecutive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Scott H. Carter, age 44, is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company. Mr. Carter has been General Counsel since February 2008.  Mr. Carter joined the Company in October 2005 as Senior Vice President, In-house Counsel and was appointed to the position of Assistant Secretary in May 2006.  Mr. Carter has as his primary responsibility the management of all of the legal affairs of the Company and its affiliates. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Carter was associated with the law firm of Nixon Peabody LLP, which he joined in 1999.  At Nixon Peabody, Mr. Carter concentrated his practice on the areas of real estate syndication, acquisitions and finance.  Mr. Carter received a Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) degree in Finance and Marketing and a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from the University of Miami. Mr. Carter is admitted to practice law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Mr. Carter’s father, George J. Carter, serves as Chief Executive Officer and is a Director of the Company, and Mr. Carter’s brother, Jeffrey B. Carter, serves as President and Chief Investment Officer of the Company. Eriel AnchondoExecutive Vice President, Chief Operating OfficerEriel Anchondo, age 38, is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.  Mr. Anchondo is responsible for ensuring the Company has the proper operational controls, administrative and reporting procedures, and people systems and infrastructure in place to effectively grow the organization and maintain financial strength and operating efficiency.  Before joining the Company, Mr. Anchondo provided consulting services to the retail banking division of ISBAN, which is part of the Technology and Operations division of the Santander Group of financial institutions.  From May 2007 to July 2013, Mr. Anchondo was employed by Mercer, a global consulting leader in talent, health, retirement, and investments, as an Employee Education Manager and was responsible for the coordination, development and delivery of education strategies tailored to the specific needs of Mercer’s clients across all lines of business.  From May 2005 to May 2007, Mr. Anchondo was a Communications Consultant at New York Life Investment Management.  From December 2002 to May 2005, Mr. Anchondo worked in the Preferred Client Services Group at Putnam Investments.  Mr. Anchondo is a graduate of Boston University (B.A.) and Cornell University (M.B.A.).John F. DonahueExecutive Vice President, President FSP Property Management LLC
John F. Donahue, age 49, joined FSP in 2001. Mr. Donahue is President of FSP Property Management LLC and has as his primary responsibility the oversight of the management of the real estate assets of FSP Corp. and its affiliates. From 1992 to 2001, Mr. Donahue worked in the pension fund advisory business for GE Capital and AEW Capital Management with oversight of office, R&D, industrial and land investments for clients such as General Motors, AT&T and United Technologies. From 1989 to 1992, Mr. Donahue worked for Krupp Realty in various accounting and finance roles. Mr. Donahue holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Bryant College. Board of DirectorsKenneth Hoxsie Kenneth Hoxsie, age 65, has been a director since January 2016.  Mr. Hoxsie was a Partner at the international law firm of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP (“WilmerHale”) until his retirement on December 31, 2015.  He joined Hale and Dorr (the predecessor of WilmerHale) in 1981, subsequently worked at Copley Real Estate Advisors, an institutional real estate investment advisory firm, and rejoined Hale and Dorr in 1994. Mr. Hoxsie has over 30 years’ experience in real estate capital markets transactions, fund formation, public company counselling and mergers and acquisitions and has advised the Company since its formation in 1997. Mr. Hoxsie earned his JD (Cum Laude) from the Harvard Law School, his MA from Harvard University and his BA (Summa Cum Laude) from Amherst College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. 
Kathryn P. O’Neil Kathryn P. O’Neil, age 52, has been a director since January 2016. Ms. O’Neil was a Director at Bain Capital in the Investor Relations area where she focused on Private Equity and had oversight of the Investment Advisory Community from 2011 until her retirement in 2014. From 1999 to 2007, Ms. O’Neil was a Partner at FLAG Capital Management LLC, a manager of fund-of-funds investment vehicles in Private Equity, Venture Capital, Real Estate and Natural Resources.  Previously, Ms. O’Neil was an Investment Consultant at Cambridge Associates where she specialized in Alternative Assets.  Ms. O’Neil currently serves on a variety of non-profit boards, including the Board of Directors and Finance Committee of Horizon’s for Homeless Children, the Advisory Council and Investment Committee for the Trustees of Reservations, and the Board of Overseers of the Peabody Essex Museum, where she is a member of the Finance, Audit, and Investment Committees.  Ms. O’Neil is a Trustee Emeritus of Colby College and a former member of the Board of Overseers of the Boston Museum of Science. Ms. O’Neil holds a BA (Summa Cum Laude) and MA (Honorary) from Colby College where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.  Ms. O’Neil received her MBA from The Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
 George J. CarterCEO and Chairman of the Board
George J. Carter, age 67, is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and has been a director since 2002. He is responsible for all aspects of the business of Franklin Street Properties and its affiliates, with special emphasis on the evaluation, acquisition and structuring of real estate investments. Prior to the conversion (the “Conversion”) of Franklin Street Partners Limited Partnership (the “Partnership”) into the Company in 2002, Mr. Carter was President of the general partner of the Partnership (the “General Partner”) and was responsible for all aspects of the 
business of the Partnership and its affiliates. From 1992 through 1996 he was President of Boston Financial Securities, Inc. (“Boston Financial”). 
Prior to joining Boston Financial, Mr. Carter was owner and developer of Gloucester Dry Dock, a commercial shipyard in Gloucester, Massachusetts. From 1979 to 1988, Mr. Carter served as Managing Director in charge of marketing at First Winthrop Corporation, a national real estate and investment banking firm headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Prior to that, Mr. Carter held a number of positions in the brokerage industry, including positions with Merrill Lynch & Co. and Loeb Rhodes & Co. Mr. Carter is a graduate of the University of Miami (B.S.). Mr. Carter’s son, Scott H. Carter, serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company and Mr. Carter’s other son, Jeffrey B. Carter, serves as President and Chief Investment Officer of the Company. We believe Mr. Carter’s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his more than 30 years of experience in the commercial real estate and investment banking industries, including as our founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Brian N. HansenBrian N. Hansen, age 44, became a director in 2012 and has been Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since 2013. 
Mr. Hansen is President and Chief Operating Officer of Confluence Investment Management LLC, a St. Louis based Registered Investment 
Advisor. Prior to founding Confluence in 2007, Mr. Hansen served as a Managing Director in A.G. Edwards’ Financial Institutions & Real 
Estate Investment Banking practice. While at A.G. Edwards, Mr. Hansen advised a wide variety of real estate investment trusts with numerous 
capital markets transactions, including public and private offerings of debt and equity securities as well as the analysis of various merger & 
acquisition opportunities. Prior to joining A.G. Edwards, Mr. Hansen served as a Manager in Arthur Andersen LLP’s Audit & Business 
Advisory practice. Mr. Hansen serves on the board of a number of non-profit entities and the Investment Committee of the Archdiocese of St. 
Louis. Mr. Hansen earned his MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and his Bachelor of Science in 
Commerce from DePaul University. Mr. Hansen is a Certified Public Accountant. We believe Mr. Hansen’s qualifications to serve on our Board 
of Directors include his investment banking and public accounting experience. 
John N. Burke John N. Burke, age 54, has been a director and Chair of the Audit Committee since June 2004. Mr. Burke is a certified public accountant with 
approximately 30 years of experience in the practice of public accounting working with both private and publicly traded companies with 
extensive experience serving clients in the real estate industry. Such experience includes analysis and evaluation of financial reporting, accounting 
systems, internal controls and audit matters. Mr. Burke has been involved as an advisor on several public offerings, private equity and debt 
financings and merger and acquisition transactions. Mr. Burke’s consulting experience includes a wide range of business planning matters. Prior 
to starting his own firm in 2003, Mr. Burke was a Partner in the Boston office of BDO USA, LLP. Mr. Burke is a member of the American 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Massachusetts Society of CPAs. Mr. Burke earned an M.S. in Taxation and studied 
undergraduate accounting and finance at Bentley University. We believe Mr. Burke’s qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include 
his more than 30 years of experience in the practice of public accounting. 
 Dennis J. McGillicuddy Dennis J. McGillicuddy, age 74, has been a director since May 2002. Mr. McGillicuddy graduated from the University of Florida with a B.A. 
degree and from the University of Florida Law School with a J.D. degree. In 1968, Mr. McGillicuddy joined Barry Silverstein in founding 
Coaxial Communications, a cable television company. In 1998 and 1999, Coaxial sold its cable systems. Mr. McGillicuddy has served on the 
boards of various charitable organizations. He is currently president of the Board of Trustees of Florida Studio Theater, a professional non-profit 
theater organization, and he serves as a Co-Chair, together with his wife, of Embracing Our Differences, an annual two-month art exhibit that 
promotes the values of diversity and inclusion. Mr. McGillicuddy also is a member of the Advisory Board to the Center For Mindfulness In 
Medicine, Health Care & Society, University of Massachusetts Medical School. We believe Mr. McGillicuddy’s qualifications to serve on our 
Board of Directors include his entrepreneurial and investment acumen. 
Georgia MurrayLead Independent Director Georgia Murray, age 65, has been a director since April 2005, Chair of the Compensation Committee since October 2006 and Lead 
Independent Director since 2014. Ms. Murray is retired from Lend Lease Real Estate Investments, Inc., where she served as a Principal from 
November 1999 until May 2000. From 1973 through October 1999, Ms. Murray worked at The Boston Financial Group, Inc., serving as 
Senior Vice President and a Director at times during her tenure. Boston Financial was an affiliate of the Boston Financial Group, Inc. She is a 
past Trustee of the Urban Land Institute and a past President of the Multifamily Housing Institute. Ms. Murray previously served on the Board of 
Directors of Capital Crossing Bank. She also serves on the boards of numerous non-profit entities. Ms. Murray is a graduate of Newton 
College. We believe Ms. Murray’s qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include her more than 27 years of experience in the 
commercial real estate industry, board experience in the banking industry and general expertise in corporate strategy development and 
organizational acumen. 
   Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use 



Franklin Street Properties Corp. | About Us | Management















Franklin Street Properties Corp.


Flexible, Strong, Principled





















About Us
Management Team





Management Team


George J. Carter, CEO and Chairman of the Board
George J. Carter, age 68, is Chief Executive Officer and has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of FSP Corp. since 2002. Mr. Carter also was the President of FSP Corp. from 2002 to May 2016. Mr. Carter is responsible for all aspects of the business of FSP Corp. and its affiliates, with special emphasis on the evaluation, acquisition and structuring of real estate
investments. Prior to the conversion, he was President of the general partner of the FSP Partnership and was responsible for all aspects of the business of the FSP Partnership and its affiliates. From 1992 through 1996 he was President of Boston Financial Securities, Inc. ("Boston Financial"). Prior to joining Boston Financial, Mr. Carter was owner and developer of Gloucester Dry Dock, a commercial shipyard in Gloucester, Massachusetts. From 1979 to 1988, Mr. Carter served as Managing Director in charge of marketing at First Winthrop Corporation, a national real estate and investment banking firm headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Prior to that, he held a number of positions in the brokerage industry including those with Merrill Lynch & Co. and Loeb Rhodes & Co. Mr. Carter is a graduate of the University of Miami (B.S.).

Jeffrey B. Carter, President, Chief Investment Officer
Jeffrey B. Carter, age 45, is President and Chief Investment Officer of FSP Corp. Mr. Carter served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Investment Officer from February 2012 until May 2016, when he was appointed as President in addition to his
position as Chief Investment Officer. Previously, Mr. Carter served as Senior Vice President and Director of Acquisitions of FSP
Corp. from 2005 to 2012 and as Vice President - Acquisitions from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Carter oversees the day-to-day execution of
the Company's strategic objectives and business plan. In addition, Mr. Carter is primarily responsible for developing and
implementing the Company's investment strategy, including coordination of acquisitions and dispositions. Prior to joining FSP
Corp., Mr. Carter worked in Trust Administration for Northern Trust Bank in Miami, Florida. Mr. Carter is a graduate of Arizona
State University (B.A.), The George Washington University (M.A.) and Cornell University (M.B.A.). Mr. Carter's father, George J.
Carter, serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of FSP Corp. and Mr. Carter's brother, Scott H.
Carter, serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of FSP Corp.

John G. Demeritt, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
John G. Demeritt, age 56, is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FSP Corp. and has been
Chief Financial Officer since March 2005. Mr. Demeritt previously served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Principal
Accounting Officer from September 2004 to March 2005. Prior to September 2004, Mr. Demeritt was a Manager with Caturano &
Company, an independent accounting firm (which later merged with McGladrey) where he focused on Sarbanes Oxley
compliance. Previously, from March 2002 to March 2004 he provided consulting services to public and private companies where
he focused on SEC filings, evaluation of business processes and acquisition integration. During 2001 and 2002 he was Vice
President of Financial Planning & Analysis at Cabot Industrial Trust, a publicly traded real estate investment trust, which was
acquired by CalWest in December 2001. From October 1995 to December 2000 he was Controller and Officer of The Meditrust
Companies, a publicly traded real estate investment trust (formerly known as the The La Quinta Companies, which was then
acquired by the Blackstone Group), where he was involved with a number of merger and financing transactions. Prior to that, from
1986 to 1995 he had financial and accounting responsibilities at three other public companies, and was previously associated with
Laventhol & Horwath, an independent accounting firm from 1983 to 1986. Mr. Demeritt is a Certified Public Accountant and holds
a Bachelor of Science degree from Babson College.

Scott H. Carter, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Scott H. Carter, age 45, is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of FSP Corp. Mr. Carter has served
as General Counsel since February 2008. Mr. Carter joined FSP Corp. in October 2005 as Senior Vice President and In-house
Counsel. Mr. Carter is primarily responsible for the management of all of the legal affairs of FSP Corp. and its affiliates. Prior to
joining FSP Corp. in October 2005, Mr. Carter was associated with the law firm of Nixon Peabody LLP, which he originally joined in
1999. At Nixon Peabody LLP, Mr. Carter concentrated his practice on the areas of real estate syndication, acquisitions and
finance. Mr. Carter received a Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) degree in Finance and Marketing and a Juris Doctor
(J.D.) degree from the University of Miami. Mr. Carter is admitted to practice law in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Mr. Carter's father, George J. Carter, serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of
FSP Corp. and Mr. Carter's brother, Jeffrey B. Carter, serves as President and Chief Investment Officer of FSP Corp.

Eriel Anchondo, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer
Eriel Anchondo, age 39, is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of FSP Corp. and has held those
positions since May 2016. Mr. Anchondo joined FSP Corp. in 2015 as Senior Vice President of Operations. Mr. Anchondo is
responsible for ensuring that the Company has the proper operational controls, administrative and reporting procedures, and
people systems and infrastructure in place to effectively grow the organization and maintain financial strength and operating
efficiency. Prior to joining FSP Corp., from July 2014 to December 2014, Mr. Anchondo provided consulting services to the retail
banking division of ISBAN, which is part of the Technology and Operations
Table of Contents division of the Santander Group of financial institutions. From May 2007 to July 2013, Mr. Anchondo was employed by Mercer, a
global consulting leader in talent, health, retirement, and investments, as an Employee Education Manager across all lines of
Mercer's business. From May 2005 to May 2007, Mr. Anchondo was a Communications Consultant at New York Life Investment
Management. From December 2002 to May 2005, Mr. Anchondo worked in the Preferred Client Services Group at Putnam
Investments. Mr. Anchondo is a graduate of Boston University (B.A.) and Cornell University (M.B.A.).

John F. Donahue, Executive Vice President
John F. Donahue, age 50, is Executive Vice President of FSP Corp. and President of FSP Property Management LLC and
has held those positions since May 2016. Mr. Donahue is primarily responsible for the oversight of the management of all of the
real estate assets of FSP Corp. and its affiliates. Mr. Donahue joined FSP Corp. in August 2001 as Vice President of FSP Property
Management LLC. From 2001 to May 2016, Mr. Donahue was responsible for the management of certain of the real estate assets of
FSP Corp. and its affiliates. From 1992 to 2001, Mr. Donahue worked in the pension fund advisory business for GE Capital and
AEW Capital Management with oversight of office, research and development, industrial and land investments. From 1989 to 1992,
Mr. Donahue worked for Krupp Realty in various accounting and finance roles. Mr. Donahue holds a Bachelor of Science in
Business Administration from Bryant College.

Leo H. (“Toby”), Daley, Jr., Senior Vice President
Mr. Daley joined FSP in 2004.  Mr. Daley is responsible for the oversight and asset management of FSP’s and its affiliates’ real estate holdings in various markets through the United States.   Prior to joining FSP, Mr. Daley was Senior Vice President, Asset and Property Management for Finard & Company LLC, a regional real estate firm specializing in retail properties.  From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Daley was Vice President and Asset Manager for Cabot Industrial Trust, a public REIT specializing in industrial properties, and its successor, RREEF.  From 1994 to 2001, Mr. Daley was Vice President, Regional Manager for Leggat McCall Properties LLC, a full-service real estate company with focus along the Washington-to-Boston corridor.  From 1992 to 1994, Mr. Daley was Senior Property Manager for The Codman Company, Inc. in Boston.  From 1987 to 1992, Mr. Daley served as Portfolio Manager for Hawthorne Associates, Inc., a pension fund advisor that managed funds in equities, fixed income and real estate.  Mr. Daley attended Middlebury College, Middlebury, Vermont.

William S. Friend, Senior Vice President
Mr. Friend joined FSP in 2003.  Mr. Friend is responsible for the oversight and asset management of FSP’s and its affiliated entities’ real estate holdings in various markets through the United States.   From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Friend was Vice President and Asset Manager for Cabot Industrial Trust, a public REIT specializing in industrial properties, and its successor REEF.   From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Friend was Director of Business Development and Property Manager for Boston Development Associates, a Massachusetts-based retail development company.  Mr. Friend holds a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science from the University of Vermont. 

					

					
Andrew J. Klouse, Senior Vice President/Finance, Assistant Treasurer
Mr. Klouse joined FSP in 2004.  Mr. Klouse is responsible for finance and accounting, with a special emphasis on REIT tax compliance.   From 2002 to November 2004, Mr. Klouse provided consulting services to real estate companies where he focused on SEC filings, business modeling, tax and accounting processes.  From 1998 to 2002 he was Vice President of Financial Reporting at Cabot Industrial Trust, a publicly traded real estate investment trust, which was acquired by CalWest in December 2001.  From 1994 to 1998 he was Manager of Portfolio Accounting of Cabot Partners L.P.  Cabot Partners L.P. was a real estate investment advisor and the predecessor and organizer of Cabot Industrial Trust becoming a publicly traded real estate investment trust.  Prior to that, from 1988 to 1994 he had financial and accounting responsibilities at two other real estate investment advisors.  Mr. Klouse holds a Bachelor of Science degree from University of Bridgeport and a M.S. in Taxation from Northeastern University.

Patricia A. McMullen, Senior Vice President
Ms. McMullen joined FSP in 1998.  Ms. McMullen is responsible for the oversight and asset management of FSP’s and its affiliated entities’ real estate holdings in various markets throughout the United States.  From 1996 to 1998, Ms. McMullen was a property and leasing manager for Boston Financial, a Massachusetts-based real estate investment and property management firm.  Prior to that, Ms. McMullen worked in several capacities with boutique real estate companies on redevelopment and leasing of Mill properties in Massachusetts.  Ms. McMullen is a graduate of Champlain College and has also attended CCIM classes along with Massachusetts real estate classes and holds a Massachusetts real estate license.

Matthew J. Buckley, Assistant Vice President/IT Manager
Mr. Buckley joined FSP in 2010.  Mr. Buckley is responsible for planning, implementing, and maintaining FSP’s Information Technology systems and policies.  Prior to joining FSP Corp., Mr. Buckley worked for eight years at USI, a national insurance broker specializing in property & casualty and employee benefits.  While at USI, Mr. Buckley held the role of Regional IT Manager, overseeing IT operations throughout New England.  Mr. Buckley has 15 years of experience in IT Management and industry expertise, including security, infrastructure, and virtualization. Mr. Buckley attended the University of Miami.

Julie Driscoll, Assistant Vice President/HR Manager
Ms. Driscoll joined FSP in 2009.  Ms. Driscoll is responsible for the day-to-day oversight of all human resources functions by providing knowledge, skills and service to management and staff at all levels of the organization. Prior to joining FSP, Ms. Driscoll worked at CAB Health & Recovery Services (currently Lahey Behavioral Health) for five years as the Director of Human Resources.  She has also held other HR positions at public and private companies. Ms. Driscoll is a graduate of Salem State College (currently Salem State University) and has a Masters Degree in Human Resources Management from Lesley College (currently Lesley University).

Yi-Chin Huang, Assistant Vice President/Financial Reporting
Ms. Huang joined FSP in 2005.  Prior to joining FSP Corp., Ms. Huang was a Supervisor at Braver P.C. for approximately five years, providing audit, accounting and tax services to clients in the real estate industry.  Ms. Huang is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Master of Accountancy from Case Western Reserve University.  Ms. Huang is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Massachusetts Society of Certified Public Accountants.

Cynthia J. Malonson, Assistant Vice President/Corporate Reporting
Ms. Malonson joined FSP in 2002.  Prior to joining FSP Corp., Ms. Malonson was a Manager at Braver P.C. for approximately five years, providing audit, accounting and tax services to clients in the real estate industry.  Ms. Malonson is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Salem State University.  Ms. Malonson is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Massachusetts Society of Certified Public Accountants.

Michael A. Sampson, Assistant Vice President/Asset Manager,FSP Property Management LLC
Mr. Sampson joined FSP in 2006.  Mr. Sampson is responsible for assisting in the oversight and asset management of FSP's and its affiliated entities' real estate holdings in various markets throughout the United States. From 2002 to 2006, Mr. Sampson held various accounting roles for Northland Investment Corporation, a private commercial real estate services firm.  Mr. Sampson holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Merrimack College.

Georgia Touma, Assistant Vice President/Director of Investor Relations
Ms. Touma joined FSP in 2008. Ms. Touma is responsible for planning and directing all aspects of FSP's investor relations policies, objectives, and initiatives as well as the management of all investor-related activities for those investors in FSP's Sponsored Entities, including the preparation and payment of all dividends, preparation of all tax documents, all investor mailings and maintenance on investor accounts. Prior to joining FSP, Ms. Touma worked for MFS Investment Management since 1997 in three key areas: initially in the Internal Audit Department; secondly in the Private Portfolio Services division, and lastly as the Assistant Vice President and Manager of Dealer Administration / Strategic Alliance Group. Ms. Touma is a graduate of Bentley College (B.A.).

Christine Villar, Assistant Vice President/Asset Manager,FSP Property Management LLC
Ms. Villar joined FSP in 2006.  Ms. Villar is responsible for assisting in the oversight and asset management of FSP's and its affiliated entities' real estate holdings in various markets throughout the United States. In her role as Co-Chair of FSP's Sustainability Committee, Ms. Villar manages the development and implementation of FSP's sustainability policies and programs. From 2003 to 2006, Ms. Villar worked in the Portfolio Management department of ING Clarion, a commercial real estate services firm. Ms. Villar earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Boston University's School of Management and a Master in Marketing from the Universidad de Autónoma de Madrid. Additionally, she is a LEED Accredited Professional, specializing in Operations and Maintenance.

Judith A. Waugh, Assistant Vice President/Asset Manager,FSP Property Management LLC
Ms. Waugh joined FSP in 2005. Ms. Waugh is responsible for assisting in the oversight and asset management of FSP's and its affiliated entities' real estate holdings in various markets throughout the United States. From 2004 to 2005, Ms. Waugh was a Financial Analyst at Keypoint Partners (formerly Finard & Company, LLC), a private commercial real estate services firm headquartered in Burlington, MA. From 2000 to 2004, Ms. Waugh worked at Northland Investment Corporation, a private commercial real estate services firm headquartered in Newton, MA. Prior to leaving Northland, Ms. Waugh held the position of an Assistant Asset Manager. Ms. Waugh earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Office Administration from Salem State College (currently Salem State University) and a Certificate in Real Estate Finance from Boston University.
Carol Carr, Corporate Paralegal and Assistant Secretary
Ms. Carr joined FSP in 2014.  Ms. Carr supports the General Counsel in all areas, including corporate governance, general compliance, research, special projects and administrative support.  Prior to joining FSP, Ms. Carr was a Senior Paralegal and Assistant Corporate Secretary for nine years at Energy Investors Funds, a private equity investment manager in Needham, Massachusetts and was responsible for managing legal services for commercial transactions, compliance, and corporate records management.  Ms. Carr holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management and a Certificate in Paralegal Studies from Boston University.

Non-Management Directors
John N. Burke
John N. Burke, age 55, has been a Director of FSP Corp. since 2004 and Chair of the Audit Committee since June 2004.
Mr. Burke is a certified public accountant with over 30 years of experience in the practice of public accounting working with both
private and publicly traded companies with extensive experience serving clients in the real estate and REIT industry. His experience
includes analysis and evaluation of financial reporting, accounting systems, internal controls and audit matters. Mr. Burke has
been involved as an advisor on several public offerings, private equity and debt financings and merger and acquisition
transactions. Mr. Burke's consulting experience includes a wide range of accounting, tax and business planning matters. Prior to
starting his own firm in 2003, Mr. Burke was an Audit Partner in the Boston office of BDO USA, LLP. Mr. Burke is a member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Massachusetts Society of CPAs. Mr. Burke earned an M.S. in Taxation
and studied undergraduate accounting at Bentley University.

Brian N. Hansen
Brian N. Hansen, age 45, has been a Director of FSP Corp. since 2012 and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee since 2013. Since 2007, Mr. Hansen has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Confluence
Investment Management LLC, a St. Louis based Registered Investment Advisor. Prior to founding Confluence in 2007, Mr. Hansen
served as a Managing Director in A.G. Edwards' Financial Institutions & Real Estate Investment Banking practice. While at A.G.
Edwards, Mr. Hansen advised a wide variety of Real Estate Investment Trusts on numerous capital markets transactions, including
public and private offerings of debt and equity securities as well as the analysis of various merger & acquisition opportunities.
Prior to joining A.G. Edwards, Mr. Hansen served as a Manager in Arthur Andersen LLP's Audit & Business Advisory practice.
Mr. Hansen serves on the board of a number of non-profit entities and the Investment Committee of the Archdiocese of St. Louis.
Mr. Hansen earned his M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and his Bachelor of Science in
Commerce from DePaul University. Mr. Hansen is a Certified Public Accountant.

Dennis J. McGillicuddy
Dennis J. McGillicuddy, age 75, has been a Director of FSP Corp. since May 2002. Mr. McGillicuddy graduated from the
University of Florida with a B.A. degree and from the University of Florida Law School with a J.D. degree. In 1968,
Mr. McGillicuddy joined Barry Silverstein in founding Coaxial Communications, a cable television company. In 1998 and 1999,
Coaxial sold its cable systems. Mr. McGillicuddy has served on the boards of various charitable organizations. He is currently
president of the Board of Trustees of Florida Studio Theater, a professional non-profit theater organization, and he serves as a Co-
Chair, together with his wife, of Embracing Our Differences, an annual month-long art exhibit that promotes the values of diversity
and inclusion. Mr. McGillicuddy also is a director of All-Star Children's Foundation, an organization engaged in creating a new
paradigm for foster care. He also is a member of the Advisory Board to the Center For Mindfulness In Medicine, Health Care &
Society, University of Massachusetts Medical School.

Georgia Murray, Lead Independent Director
Georgia Murray, age 66, has been a Director of FSP Corp. since April 2005, Chair of the Compensation Committee since
October 2006 and Lead Independent Director since February 2014. Ms. Murray is retired from Lend Lease Real Estate
Investments, Inc., where she served as a Principal from November 1999 until May 2000. From 1973 through October 1999,
Ms. Murray worked at The Boston Financial Group, Inc., serving as Senior Vice President and a Director at times during her
tenure. Boston Financial was an affiliate of the Boston Financial Group, Inc. She is a past Trustee of the Urban Land Institute and
a past President of the Multifamily Housing Institute. Ms. Murray previously served on the Board of Directors of Capital Crossing
Bank. She also serves on the boards of numerous non-profit entities. Ms. Murray is a graduate of Newton College.

Kenneth Hoxsie
Kenneth A. Hoxsie, age 66, has been a Director of FSP Corp. since January 2016. Mr. Hoxsie was a Partner at the
international law firm of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP ("WilmerHale") until his retirement on December 31, 2015. He
joined Hale and Dorr (the predecessor of WilmerHale) in 1981, subsequently worked at Copley Real Estate Advisors, an
institutional real estate investment advisory firm, and rejoined Hale and Dorr in 1994. Mr. Hoxsie has over 30 years' experience in
real estate capital markets transactions, fund formation, public company counselling and mergers and acquisitions and has advised
the Company since its formation in 1997. Mr. Hoxsie earned his J.D. (Cum Laude) from Harvard Law School, his M.A. from Harvard
University and his B.A. (Summa Cum Laude) from Amherst College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.

Kathryn P. O'Neil
Kathryn P. O'Neil, age 53, has been a Director of FSP Corp. since January 2016. Ms. O'Neil was a Director at Bain
Capital in the Investor Relations area where she focused on Private Equity and had oversight of the Investment Advisory sector
from 2011 until her retirement in 2014. From 1999 to 2007, Ms. O'Neil was a Partner at FLAG Capital Management LLC, a manager of
fund-of-funds investment vehicles in Private Equity, Venture Capital, Real Estate and Natural Resources. Previously, Ms. O'Neil
was an Investment Consultant at Cambridge Associates where she specialized in Alternative Assets. Ms. O'Neil currently serves
on a variety of non-profit boards, including the Board of Directors and Finance Committee of Horizon's for Homeless Children, the
President's Council and Investment Committee for the Trustees of Reservations, and the Board of Overseers of the Peabody Essex
Museum, where she is a member of the Finance, Audit, and Investment Committees. Ms. O'Neil is a Trustee Emeritus of Colby
College and a former member of the Board of Overseers of the Boston Museum of Science. Ms. O'Neil holds a B.A. (Summa Cum
Laude) and M.A. (Honorary) from Colby College where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Ms. O'Neil received her M.B.A. from
The Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.


















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










Franklin Street Properties Corp /ma/ 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > FRANKLIN STREET PROPERTIES CORP /MA/ 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Franklin Street Properties Corp /ma/ 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves FRANKLIN STREET PROPERTIES CORP /MA/. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: FRANKLIN STREET PROPERTIES CORP /MA/ 8-K Date: 5/18/2010 Industry: Real Estate Operations        Sector: Services









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










    UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549




 




FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934

 

 

Date of Report
(Date of earliest event reported):  May 14,
2010

 




 

Franklin
Street Properties Corp.

 




(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)

 

 




Maryland

 



001-32470

 



04-3578653

 





(State or other
jurisdiction

of
incorporation)



(Commission

File
Number)



(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)




 

 




401 Edgewater
Place, Suite 200, Wakefield, Massachusetts

 



01880-6210

 





(Address of
principal executive offices)



(Zip
Code)




 

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code:  (781)
557-1300

 




 





(Former name or
former address, if changed since last report.)




 

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions ( see General
Instruction A.2. below):

 




¨



Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)




 




¨



Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)




 




¨



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d-2(b))




 




¨



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e-4(c))




 

 

 

 

  

 

 
  

Item 5.07
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

 

On May 14,
2010, Franklin Street Properties Corp. (the “Company”)
held its 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2010
Annual Meeting”).  The 2010 Annual Meeting was
called for the following purposes: (1) to elect two Class I
directors to serve until the 2013 annual meeting, (2) to ratify the
Audi


 








 




















































Franklin Street Properties Company Profile - The Business Journals






































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +

















  Company Profiles
  











Franklin Street Properties Corp /ma/

FSP is a real estate investment trust (REIT). 

franklinstreetproperties.com
 Wakefield, MA



Franklin Street Properties At-A-Glance




Revenue
$252.7M




Employees
39




Other
FSP








Year Founded
01/1997




Industry Sector


Real Estate & Construction






Main Phone Number
800-950-6288




Headquarters Address


                    401 Edgewater Place
                    Wakefield, 
                    MA 
                    01880
                    







          Contribute to Franklin Street Properties's Profile. Data Provided by .
        









Franklin Street Properties Executives












George J. Carter
CEO


 


   




Education

Skills

Interests



* Sample information that might be available for included executives





Leadership information you can’t get anywhere else.
Powered by American City Business Journals
Learn More







Competitors







Marcus & Millichap, Inc.
Real Estate & Construction










Jones Lang Lasalle Inc
Real Estate & Construction










HFF, Inc.
Real Estate & Construction














News About Franklin Street Properties













South Florida Business Journal

June 28, 2017

News in Brief













Atlanta Business Chronicle

June 23, 2017

Retail expert Beale joins Franklin Street













St. Louis Business Journal

February 9, 2017

Office property sales fell 52 percent in 2016, but there’s an explanation













Denver Business Journal

December 2, 2016

Denver office complex sells for $154 million













Mpls./St. Paul Business Journal

November 1, 2016

Exclusive: TCF Bank Building renovation aims to replace ’80s office feel with North Loop cool (Photos)













Atlanta Business Chronicle

August 19, 2016

MidiCi pizzeria planned for Midtown’s 999 Peachtree building













Orlando Business Journal

August 9, 2016

People on the Move for the week of Aug. 12













Atlanta Business Chronicle

July 29, 2016

Franklin Street to buy Midtown's Pershing Park for $45.5 million












Top Private Companies



Sponsored By




















H-E-B
Retail







Cargill
Food & Beverages







GLOBALFOUNDRIES
Chemicals, Metals & Mining




View All Private Companies 














  









    FSP Key Statistics - Franklin Street Properties Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Franklin Street Properties Corp.

                  NYSE MKT: FSP
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Franklin Street Properties Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


FSP

/quotes/zigman/380231/composite


$
10.75




Change

-0.0021
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 6,331
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/380231/composite
Previous close

$
			10.73
		


$
				10.75
			
Change

+0.02
+0.19%





Day low
Day high
$10.69
$11.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.58
        

            $13.27
        

















			Company Description 


			Franklin Street Properties Corp. is an investment firm, which specializes and focuses on the asset class of real estate. The company operates as a real estate investment trust, which is focused on commercial real estate investments. It also make loans secured by mortgages on real estate and manage s...
		


                Franklin Street Properties Corp. is an investment firm, which specializes and focuses on the asset class of real estate. The company operates as a real estate investment trust, which is focused on commercial real estate investments. It also make loans secured by mortgages on real estate and manage single-asset REITs not majority owned by the company. Franklin Street Properties was founded by George J. Carter in January 1997 and is headquartered in Wakefield, MA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
134.38


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
112.14


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
162.00


Price to Sales Ratio
5.46


Price to Book Ratio
1.44


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
13.97


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
20.76


Enterprise Value to Sales
8.59


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.44

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
6,261,333.00


Income Per Employee
214,821.00


Receivables Turnover
2.61


Total Asset Turnover
0.12



Profitability

Gross Margin
18.90


Operating Margin
4.38


Pretax Margin
3.60


Net Margin
3.43


Return on Assets
0.42


Return on Equity
0.88


Return on Total Capital
0.43


Return on Invested Capital
0.43

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
108.65


Total Debt to Total Capital
52.07


Total Debt to Total Assets
50.06


Long-Term Debt to Equity
108.65


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
52.07





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. George John Carter 
67
1997
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Jeffrey B. Carter 
44
1998
President & Chief Investment Officer



Mr. Eriel  Anchondo 
-
2015
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President



Mr. John G. Demeritt 
55
2004
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP



Mr. Matthew J. Buckley 
-
2010
Manager-Information Technology & Assistant VP





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/13/2017

Kathryn P. O'Neil 
Director

5,000


 
Acquisition at $11.33 per share.


56,650


05/18/2017

Georgia Murray 
Director

5,000


 
Acquisition at $11.2 per share.


56,000


05/16/2017

John N. Burke 
Director

600


 
Acquisition at $10.88 per share.


6,528


05/16/2017

John N. Burke 
Director

1,240


 
Acquisition at $10.87 per share.


13,478


05/11/2017

Kenneth A. Hoxsie 
Director

3,000


 
Acquisition at $10.86 per share.


32,580


05/11/2017

John G. Demeritt 
CFO

1,000


 
Acquisition at $10.85 per share.


10,850


02/21/2017

John N. Burke 
Director

2,070


 
Acquisition at $12.38 per share.


25,626


11/03/2016

John G. Demeritt 
CFO

1,000


 
Acquisition at $10.89 per share.


10,890


08/30/2016

Eriel Anchondo 
Chief Operating Officer

1,770


 
Acquisition at $12.59 per share.


22,284


08/16/2016

Kenneth A. Hoxsie 
Director

8,000


 
Acquisition at $12.45 per share.


99,600


05/25/2016

John N. Burke 
Director

1,385


 
Acquisition at $11.08 per share.


15,345


04/29/2016

Kenneth A. Hoxsie 
Director

5,000


 
Acquisition at $10.55 per share.


52,750


04/29/2016

Kenneth A. Hoxsie 
Director

5,000


 
Acquisition at $10.59 per share.


52,950


04/29/2016

Eriel Anchondo 
Chief Operating Officer

2,100


 
Acquisition at $10.64 per share.


22,344








/news/latest/company/us/fsp

      MarketWatch News on FSP
    




 Franklin Street Properties downgraded to neutral from outperform at RW Baird
7:56 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Franklin Street Properties upgraded to outperform from neutral at RW Baird
7:02 a.m. July 29, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Franklin Street Properties stock price target raised to $15 from $10 at RW Baird
7:02 a.m. July 29, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 These 15 REITs beat low interest rates with dividend yields of up to 9.7%
7:39 a.m. June 18, 2016
 - Philip van Doorn




 10 REITs with the best tracks records for high dividend yields
3:44 p.m. Oct. 9, 2014
 - Philip van Doorn




 Franklin Street Properties started at buy by Oppenheimer
7:27 a.m. Oct. 6, 2006
 - Mark Cotton




 Oppenheimer sets Franklin Street Pptys price target at $24
7:28 a.m. Oct. 6, 2006
 - Mark Cotton




 Franklin Street est $6.8M gain on property sale
8:36 a.m. Sept. 20, 2005
 - Robert Daniel




 Franklin Street sells Columbia, Md., property for $26M
8:36 a.m. Sept. 20, 2005
 - Robert Daniel









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/fsp

      Other News on FSP
    





Stay Away! 5 Dividend Stocks That Are Yield Traps

11:30 a.m. July 13, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Franklin Street Properties' (FSP) CEO George Carter on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

8:18 a.m. May 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: FRANKLIN STREET PROPERTIES CORP /MA/
4:40 p.m. May 2, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

5:35 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Franklin Street Properties' (FSP) CEO George Carter on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

3:11 p.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Franklin Street Properties: Poor Fundamentals And Massive Overvaluation = Big Downside

6:00 a.m. Dec. 6, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Franklin Street (FSP) Acquires Denver's Dominion Towers

11:59 a.m. Dec. 5, 2016
 - Zacks.com





Hottest Financial Stocks Now – ASRV MARPS ECPG CNOB

5:30 p.m. Nov. 24, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





These Companies Make Millions Per Employee — And Yield Up To 13%

11:00 a.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Franklin Street Properties' (FSP) CEO George Carter on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

2:42 p.m. Oct. 26, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – FNBC IX EBSB NSM

10:30 a.m. Oct. 26, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Franklin Street Properties sells off after earnings, light guidance

10:06 a.m. Oct. 26, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: FRANKLIN STREET PROPERTIES CORP /MA/
4:30 p.m. Oct. 25, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

5:35 p.m. Oct. 24, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Office is where it's at as Baird names top 5 REIT picks

11:03 a.m. Aug. 25, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Franklin Street (FSP) Rakes $83M from Offering, Flexibility Up

6:23 p.m. Aug. 17, 2016
 - Zacks.com





Franklin Street Properties -6.1% after pricing secondary

10:34 a.m. Aug. 11, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Hottest Financial Stocks Now – YRD ONDK EHTH TSC

10:15 a.m. Aug. 11, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Franklin Street Properties raising capital

4:15 p.m. Aug. 10, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Franklin Street Properties expands further in Atlanta

12:04 p.m. Aug. 10, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Franklin Street Properties Corp.
401 Edgewater Place
Suite 200

Wakefield, Massachusetts 01880




Phone
1 7815571300


Industry
Industrial/Office REITs


Sector
Real Estate/Construction


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$244.19M


Net Income
$8.38M


2016 Sales Growth 
3.2%


Employees

        39.00


Annual Report for FSP











/news/pressrelease/company/us/fsp

      Press Releases on FSP
    




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce Second Quarter 2017 
      Results
4:20 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend
11:30 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
4:15 p.m. May 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce First Quarter 2017 
      Results
11:00 a.m. April 24, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend
11:30 a.m. April 7, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces Fourth Quarter and Annual 
      2016 Results
5:20 p.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces Change to Dial-in Numbers 
      for Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Conference Call
5:20 p.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full 
      Year 2016 Results
5:20 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 REIT Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Northstar Realty Europe, Franklin Street Properties, CoreSite Realty, and Washington REIT
8:25 a.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces Tax Composition of 2016 
      Distributions
5:30 p.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend
12:30 p.m. Jan. 6, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Reaffirms Full Year 2016 Guidance 
      and Introduces Full Year 2017 Guidance
5:20 p.m. Dec. 14, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces Acquisition of Dominion 
      Towers in Downtown Denver, Colorado
9:30 a.m. Dec. 2, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results
4:30 p.m. Oct. 25, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Announces Time Change for Third 
      Quarter 2016 Earnings Call
4:30 p.m. Oct. 18, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. to Announce Third Quarter 2016 
      Results
4:30 p.m. Oct. 17, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend
11:43 a.m. Oct. 7, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Announces Closing of its Common Stock 
      Offering and Full Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares
4:15 p.m. Aug. 16, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Announces Pricing of Common Stock Offering
9:13 a.m. Aug. 11, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Franklin Street Properties Announces Offering Of 6,125,000 Shares Of 
      Common Stock
4:08 p.m. Aug. 10, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:31 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:13aJapan, Aussie stocks knocked by weak dollar, commodity prices
12:53aIMF cuts U.S. growth forecast for 2017, 2018
11:22p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
11:09pWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
11:09pThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
11:07p5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
11:06pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
11:05pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
11:04pThe dark side of cruises
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #5575a050-7031-11e7-9574-433b1b236266
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          










 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


