 


FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























 










OTCQX: FTNW

























FTE Networks Acquires Benchmark Builders
FTE Networks, Inc., has acquired privately held Benchmark Builders, Inc., a leading provider of construction management services based in New York.
Please click here for the full press release announcing the closing of this transformative transaction. 












Building Stronger Connections 
FTE Networks, Inc., is a leading network infrastructure solutions company for Fortune 500 companies in the technology and telecommunications space.  What We Do














Enabling Technology and Telecommunications Providers
We provide our customers with a high-performance networking infrastructure that ensures fast, reliable and secure voice, data and digital content delivery. We enable our customers to answer the very high demand of digital content delivery in real time. Who We Serve














More than 100 Years of Results-Driven Success
Our team possesses extensive expertise in strategic business planning and leadership of project development teams, with bottom line responsibility. Who We Are












Start Here 










Latest NewsJul 19, 2017
FTE Networks CTO Discusses Edge Computing in Article in RealcommEdge Magazine

News & Media









FTE by the Numbers





61,000
Engineering Surveys Completed






7,200
Miles of Fiber Built






25,000
Rack and Stack Integrations






65
Technicians in the Field






22
Locations and Growing






Since 2007
Providing Quality Infrastructure









Stock Information
FTE Networks, Inc.OTCQX: FTNW 



Change








Volume





Day Range





52 WK Range






Investor Presentation
Latest Financials
Investor Relations







 


Management Team :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























  









OTCQX: FTNW



























Management Team
About















	About






Management Team



Michael Palleschi
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Michael Palleschi has more than 18 years of experience in the telecom industry. Currently as CEO, Mr. Palleschi is taking a hands-on approach to overseeing day-to-day operation for all core business structures. Responsibilities include supervising the managerial team, ensuring project efficiency from on-boarding to completion, maintaining corporate communication, new business development, office advancement, vendor and client relations, corporate compliance continuance, procurement and contracts, operations, budget management and turn-around operations.
As a customer focused and results driven executive, Mr. Palleschi has a proven talent for harnessing cutting-edge technology to strengthen corporate systems and maximize operations. He is an established business cultivator that has aggressive experience in managing small to large firms, through the period of company launch to multi-million-dollar success and has done so in highly technical fields. With his expert knowledge in developing and delivering communications networks, he has maintained a reputable record of aligning corporate processes with the company growth strategy. His core competency is based on streamlining operations, improving service-delivery efficiency and enhancing the bottom line. Being a decisive, results-driven project and program leader, Mr. Palleschi has remained committed to reducing costs and increasing ROI through constant technical innovation. 



Anthony Sirotka
Chief Business Development Officer
Anthony Sirotka joined the FTE Networks team in 2014 bringing more than 20 years of experience in the telecommunications and construction industry. Mr. Sirotka is responsible for overseeing engineering, analyzing and developing new market initiatives, customer relationships, negotiating contracts and closing deals. Prior to joining FTE, Mr. Sirotka was Principal of LQ Optics, a NYC based telecommunications infrastructure solution firm.
In 1999, Mr. Sirotka served as the Senior Northeast Program Manager with Level 3 Communications. There, he was responsible for more than $500 million of mission-critical new construction in the northeast. Since 2009, Mr. Sirotka has been serving as an active board member on the 1420 York Avenue Condominium Board. 



Lynn Martin
Chief Operating Officer and Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board
Prior to joining FTE, Lynn was head of the communications, software, and technology division of Nexius where he was responsible for growing the business by delivering end-to-end network solutions for emerging technologies, such as Open Source/NFV/SDN and infrastructure services that provided relevant value to customers and helped them to optimize their businesses. In addition to leading the software and technology teams, he created several new business offerings in Engineering, Fiber and Open Source development where he joined efforts with Open Compute Project and Telecom Infra Project communities both founded by Facebook to provide new network architectures and solutions with greater simplicity and efficiency. Before Nexius, Martin served as Executive Director of Telcordia Technologies, where he ran the company's next generation software product line, was a senior strategist in Accenture's Network Practice, and spent over a decade at Level 3 Communications at VP of Operational Integration and Process Management. 



David Lethem
Chief Financial Officer
David Lethem was named Chief Financial Officer of FTE in June 2014. Mr. Lethem is responsible for the financial management of the Company. He was originally hired by FTE in April 2014 as VP of Corporate Compliance. Prior to joining FTE, he was the Director of Finance and Audit for Audit Management Solutions, Incorporated since November of 2007. He was directly responsible for the financial, operational and audit management of both public and private companies during that time, working the banking, telecommunications, mobile marketing, manufacturing and finance sectors. Additionally, Mr. Lethem’s experience during that time involved reverse mergers, SEC compliance, international operations and technical accounting matters. 



Kirstin Gooldy
Chief Compliance Officer
Kirstin Gooldy is responsible for leading Compliance, Capital Markets, Merger and Acquisitions, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations.  Ms. Gooldy has over 22 years senior management experience in telecommunications and technology. Her experience spans across public and private, internal and domestic companies leading strategy, operations, finance/accounting, capital markets and compliance. Prior to joining FTE Networks, she was the CFO and Board Member of Powerstorm ESS leading the team in its Investor Relations, Capital Raise, Financial Accounting and Public Reporting, Corporate Governance. She led the organization's key strategic initiatives; public company NASDAQ uplist, international expansion, aggressive growth strategies. She was a founding member of TelePacific Communications where she served as the Director of Finance and Treasury. She managed and led the company's Capital Raise initiatives, investor relations, treasury management, financial controls, corporate compliance, merger and acquisitions, and contract management. Her background and experience provide for the demonstrated ability to streamline business operations, drive growth and increase efficiency delivering top line growth and bottom-line profit. Ms. Gooldy possesses solid leadership, strong qualifications in developing and implementing financial controls and processes in addition to productivity, improvements and change management.
She currently serves on the board for National Waste Management Holdings (NWMH). 



Michael Bonewitz
Chief Technology Officer
.Mr. Bonewitz has over 20 years of senior management experience in communications network engineering and information technology industries developing cutting edge capabilities via advanced IT automation and data analytics driving operational and financial performance. Prior to FTE, he was VP of Strategy and Product Development for Cloud services, Fiber engineering and construction at Nexius where he developed and launched the company’s first fiber deployment program supporting multiple Tier 1 service providers in the US. He also led the company strategy and participation in Open Compute Project (OCP) as a Platinum member and as an original member of Facebook’s Telcom Infra Project (TIP). He has held previous technology and engineering leadership positions focused on NFV/SDN, Network Optimization and integration with Ericsson, Zayo and Level 3. 

 



Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign up today



 


 


Board of Directors :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























  









OTCQX: FTNW



























Board of Directors
About















	About






Board of Directors




Michael Palleschi
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Michael Palleschi has more than 18 years of experience in the telecom industry. Currently as CEO, Mr. Palleschi is taking a hands-on approach to overseeing day-to-day operation for all core business structures. Responsibilities include supervising the managerial team, ensuring project efficiency from on-boarding to completion, maintaining corporate communication, new business development, office advancement, vendor and client relations, corporate compliance continuance, procurement and contracts, operations, budget management and turn-around operations.
As a customer focused and results driven executive, Mr. Palleschi has a proven talent for harnessing cutting-edge technology to strengthen corporate systems and maximize operations. He is an established business cultivator that has aggressive experience in managing small to large firms, through the period of company launch to multi-million-dollar success and has done so in highly technical fields. With his expert knowledge in developing and delivering communications networks, he has maintained a reputable record of aligning corporate processes with the company growth strategy. His core competency is based on streamlining operations, improving service-delivery efficiency and enhancing the bottom line. Being a decisive, results-driven project and program leader, Mr. Palleschi has remained committed to reducing costs and increasing ROI through constant technical innovation. 



Brad Mitchell 
Director
The President of TelePacific Texas, Brad Mitchell is responsible for TelePacific’s operations across the Lone Star state, with a particular focus on sales. Mr. Mitchell brings a unique combination of insider knowledge and wide-ranging industry experience gained in both the venture capital and established industry leader arenas to his new role. This is a homecoming for Mr. Mitchell, who was instrumental in creating TelePacific’s customer-centric structure and led the company’s sales operations during its early years after nearly a decade of senior leadership positions in Texas and the Gulf Coast for Sprint PCS and Mobilecomm. More recently, Mr. Mitchell served as EVP of Cable & Wireless’ International Accounts and owned and built a highly successful retail franchise operation. 
Mr. Mitchell holds a degree in Business Administration from Oglethorpe University in Atlanta. 



Christopher Ferguson 
Compensation Committee Chair
Christopher Ferguson serves as the Managing Director of Tern Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity investment firm that he founded in 2013. Presently, the Tern Capital portfolio includes investments in manufacturing operations, commercial real estate; and several companies in the business services sector. In 2010, Mr. Ferguson co-founded a company in the fiber network industry and served as CEO of the company until June 2013. The central focus of Tern Capital is to identify unique value opportunities in middle market companies.
In September 2006, Inc. Magazine listed Mercer Staffing as the 17th fastest growing private company in America. Mercer, founded by Mr. Ferguson and his partner, Michael Traina, in August of 2001, provides innovative workforce management solutions to a variety of industries including transportation and engineering.
Prior to founding Mercer, Mr. Ferguson and former New Jersey Governor, James J. Florio founded The Florio Group, a private equity investment company. Between 1995 and 2001, The Florio Group and its investment partners provided more than $200 million in financing to 17 different transactions in a variety of industries including manufacturing, distribution and healthcare services. As Managing Director of The Florio Group, Mr. Ferguson was responsible for evaluating the companies that were seeking financing, performing due diligence and maintaining relationships with The Florio Group’s network of investment partners.
Mr. Ferguson served as Chief Financial Officer for Cabot Marsh Corporation in 1995 and remained as a director for the company until 1999. Cabot Marsh Corporation became the 93rd fastest growing private company in America for 1998 according to Inc. Magazine.
In addition to his duties at Tern Capital, Mr. Ferguson serves as a member of the Board of Directors for Pennsylvania Youth Theater, a non-profit children’s theater based in Bethlehem, PA and a member of the non profit organization Embrace Your Dreams, which teaches life skills to at-risk children through golf and tennis programs.
Mr. Ferguson has been a member of the New Jersey and Pennsylvania Bars since 1994. He graduated from Widener University School of Law in May of 1994 and received a Bachelor’s Degree from Villanova University in May of 1990. 



Luisa Ingargiola
Audit Committee Chair
Luisa Ingargiola is the Chief Financial Officer for Magne Gas, a NASDAQ-listed technology company that produces a plasma-based system for the gasification and sterilization of liquid waste. Mrs. Ingargiola currently serves as a Board Director for The JBF Foundation Worldwide and CES Synergies, Inc., where she also serves as the Audit Committee Chair.
Prior to joining Magne Gas, Mrs. Ingargiola worked as a Budget and Expense Manager for MetLife Insurance Company. In this capacity she managed a $30-million-dollar annual budget. Her responsibilities included budget implementation, expense and variance analysis and financial reporting. Luisa previously served as a Board Director, Audit Committee Chair for CBD Energy Limited in 2014. 
Mrs. Ingargiola holds a Bachelor’s Degree from Boston University and a Master’s Degree from the University of South Florida. 



Patrick O'Hare
Director
Patrick O’Hare has more than 25 years’ experience in the telecommunications industry and is currently the Senior Vice President of Operations at ZenFi Networks, Inc. where he is responsible for network planning, engineering, operations and service delivery. Prior to ZenFi, Mr. O’Hare was the Senior Vice President of Operations and Engineering at Sidera Networks where he led all operations, service delivery and engineering functions and was instrumental in the company’s acquisition by Berkshire Partners.
Mr. O’Hare was also the Senior Vice President of Operations and Engineering at RCN Metro, Sidera’s predecessor company, and was integral to the company’s acquisition by ABRY Partners and the successful separation of assets from the RCN Cable parent company. Previously, he was Vice President of Field Operations for Zayo Bandwidth, where he was responsible for all aspects of field operations and the company’s fiber to the tower deployments. Prior to that, he was Vice President for Field Operations for Level 3 Communications, where he was responsible for field operations, outside plant, colocation and facilities for the East region of North America. During his tenure at Level 3, he also held responsibility nationally for the company’s Customer Program Management organization. Before joining Level 3 in 1999, Mr. O’Hare held several management positions of increasing responsibility in corporate communications, customer service and operations at Verizon’s predecessor companies; New York Telephone, NYNEX and Bell Atlantic. 
Mr. O’Hare holds an M.B.A. from Long Island University and a B.A. from the State University of New York – University at Albany. 


 



Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign up today



 


 






Investor Relations :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























 










OTCQX: FTNW

























Investor Relations













	Investors









Latest News


Jul 19, 2017
FTE Networks CTO Discusses Edge Computing in Article in RealcommEdge Magazine
 
View All News





 




Latest Financial Results








Q1 2017
Quarterly Results
Ended Mar 31, 2017






 PDF
        

 HTML
            

Release



 PDF
 HTML

10-Q Filing



 ZIP
 XLS
 HTML

XBRL
 

 















Latest 10-K

View 10-K










Sign Up For E-Mail Alerts
Sign Up Today






Stock Information




OTCQX: FTNW
FTE Networks, Inc.









 
Change







Volume





Day Range





52 Week Range








Company Overview

FTE Networks, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries, is a leading international networking infrastructure solutions company. We design, build, and support telecommunications and technology systems and infrastructure services for Fortune 500 companies operating four (4) industry segments: Data Center Infrastructure, Fiber Optics, Wireless Integration, and Surveillance & Security. FTE Networks is headquartered in Naples, Florida, with offices throughout the United States and Europe. 




View Investor Presentation









View Management Team
View Board of Directors






IR Contact Information

Investor Relations 
                    MBS Value Partners                    Robert Goetze                                                                                                                        T: 212-897-9667 robert.goetze@mbsvalue.com 

                    FTE Networks, Inc.                    Kirstin Gooldy, CCO & IR                                        999 Vanderbilt Beach Rd., Suite 601                                        Naples, FL 34108                                        T: 877-850-4308 ir@ftenet.com 


Transfer Agent 
                    ClearTrust, LLC                                                            16540 Pointe Village Dr.                    Suite 206                    Lutz, FL 33558                                        T: 813-235-4490 inbox@cleartrusttransfer.com www.cleartrusttransfer.com 











 


About :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























 










OTCQX: FTNW



























Building Stronger Connections
Enabling our customers to connect to their customers with high performance networking infrastructure.















	About








Who We Are
A Global Network Infrastructure Solutions Provider
At FTE Networks, Inc., we design, build and support networking infrastructures for the technology and telecommunications industries. We enable our customers to connect to theirs by providing a strong foundation that ensures fast, reliable and secure voice, data and digital content delivery.
With our design to implementation approach, wealth of industry experience and strong relationships, we help companies around the world enter new markets, defend existing ones, improve performance, control costs and profitably invest in resources.
Founded in 2007, FTE Networks, Inc. is headquartered in Naples, Florida, with offices throughout the United States and Europe. 








Our Services
 Our Approach: Design. Build. Manage. Maintain.
We focus on simplifying the challenges associated with the design and delivery of wireline, wireless and data center solutions. Our unique offering allows predictable, consistent standards, implementation and compliance on a global scale, reducing design and deployment time to accelerate delivery of network solutions. Our management team is responsible for managing upwards of 1,800 individual contributors at any given time. Our approach allows us to reduce the amount of fixed cost we add to the business while being very agile and adaptable to changes in technology. 



Data Center Infrastructure



Infrastructure Design
Deployment
Testing and Commissioning
Rack, Stack, Power
Cold Aisle Containment and Efficiency Programs
Maintenance
Integration
MDU Design & Deploy
AC/DC Power Plants
 





Fiber Optics



ROW and Network Engineering
Large Scale Deployment
PMO
FTTx Solutions
Underground/Aerial
Deployment
Splicing and Testing
Fiber Characterization
Emergency Restoration
Maintenance
 







Wireless Integration



Engineering
Deployment
Maintenance
DAS Installations
RF Installations
Site Surveys, Acquisition & Zoning
Audits
Fiber Backhaul Solutions
Full Suite of Testing
Solutions
Decommissioning
 





Surveillance & Security



Infrastructure Design
Deployment
Maintenance
Video Surveillance Design and Installation
Wi-Fi Installation
Storage Back-Up Solutions
Access Control
 



 
View Full Range of Services









Locations
FTE Networks can support projects no matter the location
 








Our Team
Backed by Unparalleled Experience and Strong Relationships
Our team brings forth the definition and direction of project requirements and workflow processes on national endeavors. We have a proven success track record in high-profile project development, operations, budget management, process improvement and staff development in high-growth organizations. We have extensive expertise in strategic business planning, leadership of project development teams, with bottom line responsibility.
Our solid background in managing engineering and deployment teams, from contract negotiations to final product, enables direct and precise coordination of a cross-functional team member.
View Management Team View Board of Directors 













































Why FTE?
Cost point engineering and smart design to ensure speed to market and predictability 















Why FTE?
Mobile and agile workforce delivers quality infrastructure installation and deployment 















Why FTE?
Thorough evaluation of scope of work to enhance performance, increase speed to market and control costs 















Why FTE?
Proactive maintenance plan to ensure longevity of customer assets 















Why FTE?
Vendor agnostic















Why FTE?
Licensing and certifications throughout the U.S.















Why FTE?
High performance rating















Why FTE?
Demonstrated and proven execution capabilities 














Contact Us
We serve Fortune 500 Companies, municipalities, and state and local governments. We service more than a dozen different industries across the country and globally including, but not limited to:

Traditional Carriers
Internet Service Providers
Cable (MSO) Companies
Traditional Wireless Carriers
Professional Services Firms
Equipment Manufactures with PS
Social Networking Companies
Content Delivery Companies
Data Center Companies
General Contractors as Prime
Government & Municipalities
 Learn How We Can Help Your Business









 


Services :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























 










OTCQX: FTNW



























Industry Challenges 
The majority of our customers are under high demand by their customers to deliver large amounts of content at a high-quality level as soon as possible. With content expansion and data demands, our customers are under intense pressure to rapidly expand network capacity to meet customer needs.















	Services








What We Do
Addressing Industry Challenges
We provide a turnkey solution specific to our customer’s needs. We are committed to providing a full range of services at reasonable costs while maintaining a high standard of quality, responsiveness and safety. We focus on simplifying the challenges associated with the delivery of fiber, wireless, data center infrastructure, and surveillance and security. 








Our Services
Line of Solutions 
Our lines of business are complimentary providing a full service offering: 



Fiber Optic Services


We manage all outside plant deployment, fiber optic engineering and testing. 





Data Center Services


We manage all infrastructure design, engineering and deployment services. 







Wireless Integration Services


We manage the design and engineering for equipment interoperability. 





Surveillance & Security


We manage all infrastructure design, engineering, deployment and maintenance. 



 













































The Market
Market Drivers for Data Centers, Fiber and Wireless Services

The study predicts that global data center traffic will nearly triple from 2013 to 2018 with a combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of 23% growing from 3.1 zettabytes/year in 2013 to 8.6 zettabytes/year in 2018. 













The Market
Market Drivers for Data Centers, Fiber and Wireless Services

The 8.6 zettabytes of data center traffic predicted for 2018 is equivalent to streaming all of the movies (approximately 500,000) and television shows (3 million) ever made in ultra-high definition (UHD) 250,000 times. 













The Market
Market Drivers for Data Centers, Fiber and Wireless Services

Global cloud traffic is growing faster than the overall global data center traffic. In 2013, cloud accounted for 54% of total data center traffic, and, by 2018, cloud will account for 76% of total data center traffic. 













The Market
Market Drivers for Data Centers, Fiber and Wireless Services

Data center traffic includes data center-to-user traffic along with data center-to-data center traffic and traffic that remains within data centers. 













Contact Us
We service more than a dozen different industries across the country and globally, including Fortune 500 Companies, municipalities, and state and local governments – let us help your business too. Contact Us










  FTNW:OTC US Stock Quote - FTE Networks Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  FTE Networks Inc   FTNW:US   OTC US        0.50USD   0.01   2.21%     As of 10:50 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Open   0.50    Day Range   0.50 - 0.50    Volume   2,500    Previous Close   0.51    52Wk Range   0.27 - 1.12    1 Yr Return   -21.26%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.50    Day Range   0.50 - 0.50    Volume   2,500    Previous Close   0.51    52Wk Range   0.27 - 1.12    1 Yr Return   -21.26%    YTD Return   13.64%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.10    Market Cap (m USD)   63.645    Shares Outstanding  (m)   127.290    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.38    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.28%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.25%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/19/2017   FTE Networks CTO Discusses Edge Computing in Article in RealcommEdge  Magazine     7/19/2017   FTE Networks CTO Discusses Edge Computing in Article in RealcommEdge  Magazine     6/21/2017   FTE Networks Executes Three Master Service Agreements With  Multibillion Dollar Corporations     6/21/2017   FTE Networks Executes Three Master Service Agreements With  Multibillion Dollar Corporations     6/13/2017   FTE Networks Awarded Contract Valued up to $1.5 Million by a Fortune  2016 Global 500 Telecom Company     6/13/2017   FTE Networks Awarded Contract Valued up to $1.5 Million by a Fortune  2016 Global 500 Telecom Company     6/5/2017   FTE Networks Announces New Contracts Valued at Aggregate $85MM     6/5/2017   FTE Networks Announces New Contracts Valued at Aggregate $85MM     5/25/2017   FTE Networks Reports First Quarter Revenue of $5.1MM With Third  Consecutive Quarter of Growth in Operating Income     5/25/2017   FTE Networks Reports First Quarter Revenue of $5.1MM With Third  Consecutive Quarter of Growth in Operating Income    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   FTE Networks, Inc. provides networking infrastructure services. The Company offers data center, fiber optics, wireless integration, workforce management, and telecommunication engineering solutions. FTE Networks operates worldwide.    Address  999 Vanderbilt Beach RoadSuite 601Naples, FL 34108United States   Phone  1-877-878-8136   Website   www.ftenetworkservices.com     Executives Board Members    Michael Palleschi  President/CEO    David Lethem  Chief Financial Officer    Lynn Martin  Chief Operating Officer    Michael Bonewitz "Mike"  Chief Technology Officer    Anthony Sirotka  Chief Business Dev Ofcr     Show More          


Management Team :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























  









OTCQX: FTNW



























Management Team
About















	About






Management Team



Michael Palleschi
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Michael Palleschi has more than 18 years of experience in the telecom industry. Currently as CEO, Mr. Palleschi is taking a hands-on approach to overseeing day-to-day operation for all core business structures. Responsibilities include supervising the managerial team, ensuring project efficiency from on-boarding to completion, maintaining corporate communication, new business development, office advancement, vendor and client relations, corporate compliance continuance, procurement and contracts, operations, budget management and turn-around operations.
As a customer focused and results driven executive, Mr. Palleschi has a proven talent for harnessing cutting-edge technology to strengthen corporate systems and maximize operations. He is an established business cultivator that has aggressive experience in managing small to large firms, through the period of company launch to multi-million-dollar success and has done so in highly technical fields. With his expert knowledge in developing and delivering communications networks, he has maintained a reputable record of aligning corporate processes with the company growth strategy. His core competency is based on streamlining operations, improving service-delivery efficiency and enhancing the bottom line. Being a decisive, results-driven project and program leader, Mr. Palleschi has remained committed to reducing costs and increasing ROI through constant technical innovation. 



Anthony Sirotka
Chief Business Development Officer
Anthony Sirotka joined the FTE Networks team in 2014 bringing more than 20 years of experience in the telecommunications and construction industry. Mr. Sirotka is responsible for overseeing engineering, analyzing and developing new market initiatives, customer relationships, negotiating contracts and closing deals. Prior to joining FTE, Mr. Sirotka was Principal of LQ Optics, a NYC based telecommunications infrastructure solution firm.
In 1999, Mr. Sirotka served as the Senior Northeast Program Manager with Level 3 Communications. There, he was responsible for more than $500 million of mission-critical new construction in the northeast. Since 2009, Mr. Sirotka has been serving as an active board member on the 1420 York Avenue Condominium Board. 



Lynn Martin
Chief Operating Officer and Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board
Prior to joining FTE, Lynn was head of the communications, software, and technology division of Nexius where he was responsible for growing the business by delivering end-to-end network solutions for emerging technologies, such as Open Source/NFV/SDN and infrastructure services that provided relevant value to customers and helped them to optimize their businesses. In addition to leading the software and technology teams, he created several new business offerings in Engineering, Fiber and Open Source development where he joined efforts with Open Compute Project and Telecom Infra Project communities both founded by Facebook to provide new network architectures and solutions with greater simplicity and efficiency. Before Nexius, Martin served as Executive Director of Telcordia Technologies, where he ran the company's next generation software product line, was a senior strategist in Accenture's Network Practice, and spent over a decade at Level 3 Communications at VP of Operational Integration and Process Management. 



David Lethem
Chief Financial Officer
David Lethem was named Chief Financial Officer of FTE in June 2014. Mr. Lethem is responsible for the financial management of the Company. He was originally hired by FTE in April 2014 as VP of Corporate Compliance. Prior to joining FTE, he was the Director of Finance and Audit for Audit Management Solutions, Incorporated since November of 2007. He was directly responsible for the financial, operational and audit management of both public and private companies during that time, working the banking, telecommunications, mobile marketing, manufacturing and finance sectors. Additionally, Mr. Lethem’s experience during that time involved reverse mergers, SEC compliance, international operations and technical accounting matters. 



Kirstin Gooldy
Chief Compliance Officer
Kirstin Gooldy is responsible for leading Compliance, Capital Markets, Merger and Acquisitions, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations.  Ms. Gooldy has over 22 years senior management experience in telecommunications and technology. Her experience spans across public and private, internal and domestic companies leading strategy, operations, finance/accounting, capital markets and compliance. Prior to joining FTE Networks, she was the CFO and Board Member of Powerstorm ESS leading the team in its Investor Relations, Capital Raise, Financial Accounting and Public Reporting, Corporate Governance. She led the organization's key strategic initiatives; public company NASDAQ uplist, international expansion, aggressive growth strategies. She was a founding member of TelePacific Communications where she served as the Director of Finance and Treasury. She managed and led the company's Capital Raise initiatives, investor relations, treasury management, financial controls, corporate compliance, merger and acquisitions, and contract management. Her background and experience provide for the demonstrated ability to streamline business operations, drive growth and increase efficiency delivering top line growth and bottom-line profit. Ms. Gooldy possesses solid leadership, strong qualifications in developing and implementing financial controls and processes in addition to productivity, improvements and change management.
She currently serves on the board for National Waste Management Holdings (NWMH). 



Michael Bonewitz
Chief Technology Officer
.Mr. Bonewitz has over 20 years of senior management experience in communications network engineering and information technology industries developing cutting edge capabilities via advanced IT automation and data analytics driving operational and financial performance. Prior to FTE, he was VP of Strategy and Product Development for Cloud services, Fiber engineering and construction at Nexius where he developed and launched the company’s first fiber deployment program supporting multiple Tier 1 service providers in the US. He also led the company strategy and participation in Open Compute Project (OCP) as a Platinum member and as an original member of Facebook’s Telcom Infra Project (TIP). He has held previous technology and engineering leadership positions focused on NFV/SDN, Network Optimization and integration with Ericsson, Zayo and Level 3. 

 



Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign up today



 




10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,533
-47.01
-0.22%






Nasdaq

6,397
+9.23
+0.14%






S&P 500

2,470
-2.37
-0.10%









12:25 P.M. ET


                                  Here’s what ‘Flash Boys’ hero Katsuyama sees as the biggest risk in the stock market
                                





 
12:20 P.M. ET


                                  August gold trades at $1,253.90/oz, down $1, or less than 0.1%
                                





 
12:20 P.M. ET


                                  Gold prices turn modestly lower as ICE U.S. Dollar Index nears session highs
                                





 
12:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Hibbett Sports shares plummet after profit warning and ‘woefully late’ e-commerce launch
                                





 
12:17 P.M. ET


Updated
      European stocks stumble, ending at 2-week low
                                





 
12:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      FTSE 100 finishes with losses as airline stocks descend
                                





 
12:10 P.M. ET


Updated
      Trump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
                                





 
12:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      Gold is on track for a 7-day win streak
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
                                





 
12:00 P.M. ET


                                  Trump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
                                





 
11:55 A.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
                                





 
11:52 A.M. ET


Updated
      U.S. benchmarks digest the July breakout, S&P 500 maintains first support
                                





 
11:50 A.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Venmo Us!’ Why more charities may soon be asking for your money with this app
                                





 
11:49 A.M. ET


Updated
      This app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
                                





 
11:49 A.M. ET


Updated
      This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
                                





 
11:45 A.M. ET


                                  Arconic raises sales outlook as cost cuts lift EPS
                                





 
11:44 A.M. ET


                                  Caterpillar earnings: Recovery signs will be focus
                                





 
11:39 A.M. ET


Updated
      People are getting less but paying the same for more than 2,500 products
                                





 
11:38 A.M. ET


                                  Trump Today: President asks why ‘beleaguered’ Sessions isn’t probing Clinton    
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
    








    By

Published: Nov 21, 2016 4:34 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or on our behalf. Words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "continuing," "ongoing," "expect," "believe," "intend," "may," "will," "should," "could," and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.  Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to "FTE", "we", "our", "us" or the "Company" are to FTE Networks, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  Overview  We are a U.S. based provider of international and regional telecommunications and technology systems, specializing in the design, engineering, installation, construction and maintenance of telecommunications and technology networks and infrastructure. We also offer managed information technology, telecommunications services, subscriber based services and staffing solutions through our wholly owned subsidiaries:  ? Jus-Com, Inc., (dba FTE Network Services) specializes in the design, engineering, installation, and maintenance of all forms of telecommunications infrastructure. Services including engineering consulting, design, installation, maintenance and emergency response in various categories including cabling, rack and stack, equipment installation and configuration, wiring build-outs, infrastructure build-outs, DC power installation, OSP/ISP fiber placement, fiber cable splicing and fiber testing.  ? FTE Wireless, LLC, offers wireless solutions to major wireless carriers including equipment installation, fiber backhaul, antennae installation and testing, small cell solutions, fiber-to-site and other turnkey solutions as needed by the clients.  ? Focus Venture Partners, Inc. (dba FVP Worx) is a multifaceted employment firm offering full service staffing solutions, specializing in telecommunications, technology and construction services industries.  Recent Business Developments  On December 23, 2015, the Board unanimously authorized and approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of our Common Stock at a 1-for-20 ratio (the "Reverse Split"). On December 30, 2015, stockholders holding a majority of our voting power approved by written consent the amendment to our Articles of Incorporation, which would affect the Reverse Split. The Reverse Split will reduce the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock by reclassifying and converting all outstanding shares of our Common Stock into a proportionately fewer number of shares of Common Stock. On March 9, 2016, the Company filed a Form Pre-14C with the SEC concerning the 1 for 20 reverse stock split and the increase of the authorized shares of common stock from 70,000,000 to 200,000,000. On March 18, 2016 the Company received a comment letter from the SEC regarding the Form Pre-14C. The Company filed a response to the SEC on April 8, 2016. The Company received correspondence from the SEC on April 15, 2016, and had no objections to the response letter. On April 18, 2016, the Company filed its Definitive Form 14-C with the SEC. On May 25, 2016 "FINRA" approved the Reverse Split, which was effectuated on May 26, 2016.  On January 4, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Kirstin Gooldy to serve as the Company's Chief Compliance Officer in consideration of a salary of $112,500 per year, with standard employee insurance and other benefits. The employment agreement commenced on January 4, 2016 and ends on January 4, 2018, after which it is renewable for twelve months, until terminated by either party with 90 days written notice  On February 8, 2016, Mr. Brad Mitchell was appointed to the Board of Directors as an independent director. Mr. Mitchell (56) currently serves as President of TelePacific Communications - Texas, and is responsible for TelePacific's operations across the state of Texas. Mr. Mitchell brings a unique combination of knowledge and wide-ranging telecommunications industry experience gained in both the venture capital and established industry leader arenas. Mitchell returned to TelePacific after previously serving as Senior Vice President - Field Operations, and was instrumental in creating TelePacific's customer-centric structure by leading the TelePacific's sales operations during TelePacific's early years. Prior to TelePacific, Mr. Mitchell served as Area Vice President at Sprint PCS, where he launched and operated several markets in the southeast, including New Orleans and Atlanta. More recently, he served as Executive Vice President of Cable & Wireless' International Accounts and also built a highly successful retail franchise operation. Mitchell earned a degree in Business Administration from Oglethorpe University in Atlanta.  On February 11, 2016, Mr. Chris Ferguson was appointed to the Board of Directors as an independent director. Mr. Ferguson (47) currently serves as the Managing Director of Tern Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity investment firm founded by Mr. Ferguson in 2013. In 2010, Mr. Ferguson co-founded a company in the fiber network industry, and he served as CEO of the company until June 2013. In August 2001, Mr. Ferguson co-founded Mercer, a provider of innovative workforce management solutions to a variety of industries including transportation and engineering, with co-founder, Michael Traina. Prior to founding Mercer, Mr. Ferguson and former New Jersey Governor, James J. Florio, co-founded The Florio Group, a private equity investment company. In addition, Mr. Ferguson served as Chief Financial Officer for Cabot Marsh Corporation in 1995 and remained as a director for the company until 1999. Mr. Ferguson has been a member of the New Jersey and Pennsylvania Bars since 1994. He graduated from Widener University School of Law in May of 1994 and received a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Villanova University in May of 1990.  On February 16, 2016, Ms. Luisa Ingargiola was appointed to the Board of Directors as an independent director. Mrs. Ingargiola is the Chief Financial Officer for Magne Gas, a NASDAQ listed technology company, which produces a plasma based system for the gasification and sterilization of liquid waste. Mrs. Ingargiola currently serves as a Board Director for The JBF Foundation Worldwide and CES Synergies, Inc., where she also serves as the Audit Committee Chair. Prior to joining Magne Gas, Mrs. Ingargiola worked as a Budget and Expense Manager for MetLife Insurance Company. In this capacity she managed a $30-million-dollar annual budget. Her responsibilities included budget implementation, expense and variance analysis and financial reporting. Luisa previously served as a Board Director, Audit Committee Chair for CBD Energy Limited in 2014. Mrs. Ingargiola received her Bachelor's Degree from Boston University and her Master's Degree from the University of South Florida.  On March 31, 2016, Mr. Carlie Ancor (45) was appointed to the Board of Directors and serves as a non-independent director. Mr. Ancor is currently the Company's Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Ancor began his tenure as the Chief Marketing Officer for FTE Networks Inc. in January 2015. Mr. Ancor is responsible for global marketing, product management and the customer experience. From 2008-2014, Mr. Ancor was managing director at Emerge Technology Solutions for Europe, the Middle East and Africa based in the United Arab Emirates where he was responsible for business development and growth, technology optimization, operational execution and quality of customer experience. Prior to that, he was an Executive Vice President for core IP and optical network development at Level 3 Communications in North America and Western Europe. Mr. Ancor attended Texas A&M University.  On March 31, 2016, Mr. Patrick O'Hare (48) was appointed to the Board of Directors and serves as an independent director. Mr. O'Hare has over 25 years experience in the telecommunications industry and is currently the Senior Vice President of Operations at ZenFi Networks, Inc. where he is responsible for network planning, engineering, operations, and service delivery. Prior to ZenFi, Mr. O'Hare was the Senior Vice President of Operations and Engineering at Sidera Networks where he led all operations, service delivery and engineering functions and was instrumental in the company's acquisition by Berkshire Partners. Mr. O'Hare was also the Senior Vice President of Operations and Engineering at RCN Metro, Sidera's predecessor company, and was integral to the company's acquisition by ABRY Partners and the successful separation of assets from the RCN Cable parent company. Previously, he was Vice President of Field Operations for Zayo Bandwidth, where he was responsible for all aspects of field operations and the company's fiber to the tower deployments. Prior to that, Patrick was Vice President for Field Operations for Level 3 Communications, where he was responsible for field operations, outside plant, colocation and facilities for the East region of North America. During his tenure at Level 3, Mr. O'Hare also held responsibility nationally for the company's Customer Program Management organization. Before joining Level 3 in 1999, he held several management positions of increasing responsibility in corporate communications, customer service and operations at Verizon's predecessor companies; New York Telephone, NYNEX and Bell Atlantic. Mr. O'Hare holds an MBA from Long Island University and a BA from the State University of New York - University at Albany.  On July 28, 2016, the Board of Directors of FTE Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved the appointment of Michael Bonewitz as the Company's Chief Technology Officer commencing on August 24, 2016 and has replaced Carlie Ancor who will transition into a new role supporting the Company's major account sales strategy. Mr. Bonewitz has over 20 years of senior management experience in communications network engineering and information technology industries developing cutting edge capabilities via advanced IT automation and data analytics driving operational and financial performance. Prior to FTE, he was VP of Strategy and Product Development for Cloud services, Fiber engineering and construction at Nexius where he developed and launched the company's first fiber deployment program supporting multiple Tier 1 service providers in the US. He also led the company strategy and participation into Open Compute Project (OCP) as a Platinum member and as an original member of Facebook's Telcom Infra Project (TIP). He has held previous technology and engineering leadership positions with Ericsson, Zayo and Level 3.  On September 27, 2016, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Lynn Martin as Chief Operating Officer. As COO, Lynn Martin will be responsible for the prioritization and alignment of company initiatives overseeing, developing, and setting the strategic direction for the day-to-day operations of FTE Networks and ensuring operational excellence across the company. Prior to joining FTE, Lynn was head of the communications, software, and technology division of Nexius where he was responsible for growing the business by delivering end-to-end network solutions for emerging technologies, such as Open Source/NFV/SDN and infrastructure services that provided relevant value to customers and helped them to optimize their businesses. In addition to leading the software and technology teams, he created several new business offerings in Engineering, Fiber and Open Source development where he joined efforts with Open Compute Project and Telecom Infra Project communities both founded by Facebook to provide new network architectures and solutions with greater simplicity and efficiency. Before Nexius, Martin served as Executive Director of Telcordia Technologies, where he ran the company's next generation software product line, was a senior strategist in Accenture's Network Practice, and spent over a decade at Level 3 Communications at VP of Operational Integration and Process Management.  Critical Accounting Policies  There are no material changes from the critical accounting policies set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" set forth in our Annual Report 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on January 13, 2016. Please refer to that document for disclosures regarding the critical accounting policies related to our business.  Segment Reporting  We operate in the telecommunications infrastructure services industry and the staffing industry. The following table summarizes financial information regarding our business segments during three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  Nov 21, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


A 97-year-old Dunkirk survivor laments current state of the world: ‘It never ends’


Oil prices advance as Saudis pledge to cut exports; Nigeria agrees to output cap


Nobody puts 20% down on a house anymore















Most Popular





Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’





A 97-year-old Dunkirk survivor laments current state of the world: ‘It never ends’





Your Next Online Order Could Be Picked Out by a Robot




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Gold futures aim to extend win streak to 7 sessions »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Courts


Credit


Currency


Judges


Markets


Society




U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


U.S. Dollar


Europe


European Markets


Politics and Government




Russia


Washington, D.C.


Canada


Retail


Earnings


Sales






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Jordan, Michael


Phelps, Michael


Williams, Brian


Williams, Michael


Jones, Brian




Williams, James


Lynch, Michael


Jones, Edward


Snow, John


Warner, John


King, John




Warner, Mark


McConnell, Mitch


Woods, Tiger


Kelly, Gary


Kennedy, Robert


Kelly, Robert






Companies in the news



The Associated Press


Halliburton Co.


Hasbro Inc.


Jones


Texas Pacific Group


Precision Industries




Apple Inc.


United Health Services


Trend Line


Performance


Ball Corp.


Bank of America Corp.




Exxon Mobil Corp.


News Corp.


Facebook


Capital One Financial


Travel


Professional Services Group






Organizations in the news



European Court of Justice


European Union


Supreme Court


Republican Party


United Nations


OPEC




European Central Bank


World Bank


Small Business Administration


Nasdaq Stock Market


Food and Drug Administration


University of Washington




Washington State University


Washington University


Brookings Institution


Harvard University


New York University


University of California












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:29 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:26pHere’s what ‘Flash Boys’ hero Katsuyama sees as the biggest risk in the stock market
12:21pGold prices turn modestly lower as ICE U.S. Dollar Index nears session highs
12:21pAugust gold trades at $1,253.90/oz, down $1, or less than 0.1%
12:20pHibbett Sports shares plummet after profit warning and ‘woefully late’ e-commerce launch
12:17pEuropean stocks stumble, ending at 2-week low
12:14pFTSE 100 finishes with losses as airline stocks descend
12:10pTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
12:09pGold is on track for a 7-day win streak
12:06p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
12:05pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
12:00pTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
11:56a‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
11:52aU.S. benchmarks digest the July breakout, S&P 500 maintains first support
11:50a‘Venmo Us!’ Why more charities may soon be asking for your money with this app
11:49aThis app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
11:49aThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
11:46aArconic raises sales outlook as cost cuts lift EPS
11:45aCaterpillar earnings: Recovery signs will be focus
11:40aPeople are getting less but paying the same for more than 2,500 products
11:39aTrump Today: President asks why ‘beleaguered’ Sessions isn’t probing Clinton    
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,533.11

-46.96
-0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,396.89

+9.14
+0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.14

-2.40
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































FTE NETWORKS INC COM USD0.001 - OTC:FTNW - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















FTE NETWORKS INC COM USD0.001 (FTNW)
Follow




                                    0.50
                                

0.01
2.22




                        OTC 
                    

Jul 24, 2017 10:50 AM EDT












Prev Close
  0.51


Open
0.50


Day Low/High

                                    0.50 /
                                    0.50


52 Wk Low/High

                                    0.27 /
                                    1.12
                                


Volume
2.50K











Exchange
OTC


Shares Outstanding
127.29B


Market Cap
64.92M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




FTE Networks Acquires Benchmark Builders, Leading Construction Manager With 2016 Revenues Of $386 Million






FTE Networks Expands Resources To Accelerate Sales; Appoints Bill Leonard VP Of Sales, Central And Eastern Regions













FTE Networks And Benchmark Builders To Join Forces
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced a definitive agreement to join forces with...

Mar 9, 2017 8:30 AM EST









FTE Launches First Compute-to-The-Edge Facility
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced that it has begun installing its first...

Feb 1, 2017 8:30 AM EST













FTE Networks Reports Preliminary Unaudited 2016 4th Quarter Revenue Of $5.1 Million With Positive Net Income; Announces 2017 Strategy
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced that its unaudited fourth quarter 2016 revenue...

Jan 25, 2017 8:30 AM EST













FTE Networks Receives $1.2M Purchase Order From $10M Opportunity
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced that it has received a $1.

Jan 19, 2017 8:30 AM EST













FTE Networks Acquires Assets Of Midwest Underground Solutions To Help Fill $52 Million Backlog
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider to the technology and communications service provider industries, today announced that it has acquired specific...

Jan 17, 2017 8:30 AM EST





























From Our Partners



FTE Networks reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



FTE Networks reports FY results

SeekingAlpha



FTE Networks reports Q3 results

SeekingAlpha


































 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















    FTNW Key Statistics - FTE Networks Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Gold futures aim to extend win streak to 7 sessions »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































FTE Networks Inc.

                  OTC: FTNW
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

FTE Networks Inc.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 10:50 a.m.


FTNW

/quotes/zigman/71772255/delayed


$
0.50




Change

-0.01
-2.22%

Volume
Volume 2,500
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/71772255/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.51
		


$
				0.50
			
Change

-0.01
-2.22%





Day low
Day high
$0.50
$0.50










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.27
        

            $1.12
        

















			Company Description 
		


                FTE Networks, Inc. provides telecommunications and technology systems infrastructure services. It operates through the following segments: Telecommunications and Staffing. The company was founded by Bruce W. Widener on December 30, 2007 and is headquartered in Naples, FL.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-5.11


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-5.12


Price to Sales Ratio
2.32


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-58.50


Enterprise Value to Sales
5.37


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.40

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
89,555.00


Income Per Employee
-45,507.00


Receivables Turnover
2.42


Total Asset Turnover
1.08

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.77


Quick Ratio
0.77


Cash Ratio
0.10



Profitability

Gross Margin
27.88


Operating Margin
-15.63


Pretax Margin
-50.81


Net Margin
-50.81


Return on Assets
-54.68


Return on Total Capital
-171.15

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Capital
162.22


Total Debt to Total Assets
104.45


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
87.90





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Michael  Palleschi 
41
2010
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. David  Lethem 
57
2014
Chief Financial Officer



Mr. Michael  Bonewitz 
-
2016
Chief Technology Officer



Mr. Anthony  Sirotka 
-
2014
Chief Business Development Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/08/2017

Lateral Investment Management LLC                            


26,215,409


 



0


04/07/2017

Lateral Investment Management LLC                            


1,978,068


 



0


03/03/2017

Lateral Investment Management LLC                            


6,420,020


 



0


12/17/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


265,794


 
Acquisition at $0.03 per share.


7,973


12/17/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


265,794


 
Acquisition at $0.03 per share.


7,973


09/06/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


110,652


 
Acquisition at $0.04 per share.


4,426


09/06/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


110,652


 
Acquisition at $0.04 per share.


4,426


08/08/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


200,000


 
Acquisition at $0.05 per share.


10,000


08/08/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


167,441


 
Acquisition at $0.03 per share.


5,023


08/08/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


167,441


 
Acquisition at $0.03 per share.


5,023


07/15/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


256,113


 
Acquisition at $0.03 per share.


7,683


07/15/2013

Charles W Glasgow                            


256,113


 
Acquisition at $0.03 per share.


7,683








/news/latest/company/us/ftnw

      MarketWatch News on FTNW
    
No News currently available for FTNW





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ftnw

      Other News on FTNW
    




 10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
6:07 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
4:02 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
5:34 p.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
5:21 p.m. Aug. 17, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
3:30 p.m. Aug. 16, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

FTE Networks, Inc.
999 Vanderbilt Beach Road
Suite 601

Naples, Florida 34108




Phone
1 8778788136


Industry
Computer Services


Sector
Business/Consumer Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$12.27M


Net Income
$-6.23M


Employees

        137.00


Annual Report for FTNW











/news/pressrelease/company/us/ftnw

      Press Releases on FTNW
    




 FTE Networks CTO Discusses Edge Computing In Article In RealcommEdge Magazine
8:36 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks CTO Discusses Edge Computing in Article in RealcommEdge Magazine
8:30 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks Executes Three Master Service Agreements with Multibillion Dollar Corporations
8:42 a.m. June 21, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks Executes Three Master Service Agreements With Multibillion Dollar Corporations
8:31 a.m. June 21, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks Awarded Contract Valued Up to $1.5 Million by a Fortune 2016 Global 500 Telecom Company
8:42 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks Awarded Contract Valued up to $1.5 Million by a Fortune 2016 Global 500 Telecom Company
8:32 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks Announces New Contracts Valued At Aggregate $85MM
8:35 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks Announces New Contracts Valued at Aggregate $85MM
8:30 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks Reports First Quarter Revenue Of $5.1mm With Third Consecutive Quarter Of Growth In Operating Income
8:35 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks Reports First Quarter Revenue of $5.1MM With Third Consecutive Quarter of Growth in Operating Income
8:31 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks COO Lynn Martin Joins 29 Acres Board of Directors
10:14 a.m. May 19, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks COO Lynn Martin Joins 29 Acres Board of Directors
8:30 a.m. May 19, 2017
 - Marketwired




 New White Paper Explores Potential for Edge Computing in Commercial Real Estate Projects
8:55 a.m. May 17, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Benchmark Builders Ranked No. 6 Among Top General Contractors for Alteration and Renovation Projects in New York City
8:30 a.m. May 17, 2017
 - Marketwired




 New White Paper Explores Potential for Edge Computing in Commercial Real Estate Projects
8:31 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks Reports Full Year 2016 Results; Provides Update on Acquisition of Benchmark Builders Full Year Revenues of $12.3MM
12:13 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks Reports Full Year 2016 Results; Provides Update on Acquisition of Benchmark Builders
11:35 a.m. May 11, 2017
 - Marketwired




 FTE Networks Acquires Benchmark Builders, Leading Construction Manager with 2016 Revenues of $386 Million
1:25 p.m. April 25, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 FTE Networks Acquires Benchmark Builders, Leading Construction Manager 
      with 2016 Revenues of $386 Million
8:00 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 FTE Networks Expands Resources to Accelerate Sales; Appoints Bill 
      Leonard VP of Sales, Central and Eastern Regions
8:30 a.m. March 28, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:29 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:26pHere’s what ‘Flash Boys’ hero Katsuyama sees as the biggest risk in the stock market
12:21pGold prices turn modestly lower as ICE U.S. Dollar Index nears session highs
12:21pAugust gold trades at $1,253.90/oz, down $1, or less than 0.1%
12:20pHibbett Sports shares plummet after profit warning and ‘woefully late’ e-commerce launch
12:17pEuropean stocks stumble, ending at 2-week low
12:14pFTSE 100 finishes with losses as airline stocks descend
12:10pTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
12:09pGold is on track for a 7-day win streak
12:06p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
12:05pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
12:00pTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
11:56a‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
11:52aU.S. benchmarks digest the July breakout, S&P 500 maintains first support
11:50a‘Venmo Us!’ Why more charities may soon be asking for your money with this app
11:49aThis app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
11:49aThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
11:46aArconic raises sales outlook as cost cuts lift EPS
11:45aCaterpillar earnings: Recovery signs will be focus
11:40aPeople are getting less but paying the same for more than 2,500 products
11:39aTrump Today: President asks why ‘beleaguered’ Sessions isn’t probing Clinton    
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,532.89

-47.18
-0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,396.93

+9.17
+0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.18

-2.36
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Fte Networks, Inc.                                                                                                       - Naples                                            , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Naples



Telephone Communication, Except Radio



Telephone Communication, Except Radio



                            Fte Networks, Inc.
                                    



 





























Fte Networks, Inc.                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



999 VANDERBILT BEACH RD # 601                                    SUITE 601 NAPLES, FL 34108
Get Directions



(877) 878-8136
 
dlethem@ftenet.com





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated NV
 Annual Revenue $12,269,079.00
 Employee Count 44
 Industries Telephone Communication, Except Radio
 Contacts Michael Palleschi                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


FTE Networks is comprised of committed professionals with diverse abilities and experiences who share a common vision: to provide unbiased business advice to our clients in the optimization and management of their telecommunications and technology systems. The challenge for all companies is choosing where and how to participate in evolving markets while ensuring that their core businesses are operating at full potential. FTE Networks helps clients around the world enter new

markets, defend existing ones, improve performance, control costs and profitably invest resources.

FTE Networks, Inc. is headquartered in Naples, Florida, with offices throughout the United States and Europe. FTE Networks is a provider of international and regional telecommunications and technology systems and infrastructure services. FTE Networks also offers managed information technology, telecommunications services and subscriber based services in select markets. We provide a range of services centered on quality, efficiency and customer service.









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    2 - 23 - 2016
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    Closed

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Friday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    Closed

                                                
                                            
                                        













VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















FTE Networks, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 12:29 PM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of FTE Networks, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
FTE Networks, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an international networking infrastructure solutions company in the United States and internationally. The company operates through Telecommunications and Staffing segments. It designs, builds, and supports telecommunications and technology systems, and provides infrastructure services. The company also offers engineering consulting, design, installation, maintenance, and emergency response services in various categories, such as cabling, equipment installation and configuration, rack and stack, wiring build-outs, infrastructure build-outs, DC power installation, outside plant operations/inside plant operations fiber placement, ...
FTE Networks, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an international networking infrastructure solutions company in the United States and internationally. The company operates through Telecommunications and Staffing segments. It designs, builds, and supports telecommunications and technology systems, and provides infrastructure services. The company also offers engineering consulting, design, installation, maintenance, and emergency response services in various categories, such as cabling, equipment installation and configuration, rack and stack, wiring build-outs, infrastructure build-outs, DC power installation, outside plant operations/inside plant operations fiber placement, and fiber cable splicing and testing. In addition, it provides wireless solutions to various wireless carriers, including equipment installation, fiber backhaul, antennae installation and testing, small cell solutions, and fiber-to-site and other turnkey solutions. Further, the company offers staffing solutions primarily for the telecommunications, technology, and construction services industries; and construction management services. It serves customers in the wireline and wireless telecommunications industry, as well as technology providers and integrators; cable television multiple system operators; and corporations, and state and local governments. FTE Networks, Inc. is headquartered in Naples, Florida.
Detailed Description


999 Vanderbilt Beach RoadSuite 601Naples, FL 34108United States134 Employees



Phone: 877-878-8136

www.ftenet.com







Key Executives for FTE Networks, Inc.




Mr. Michael Palleschi


      	Chairman, CEO & President
      


Age: 42
        

Total Annual Compensation: $288.0K








Mr. David S. Lethem


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: $118.8K








Mr. Lynn Martin


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $152.9K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

FTE Networks, Inc. Key Developments

FTE Networks Enters 3 Master Service Agreements
Jun 29 17
FTE Networks reported that it has secured master services agreements with three multibillion-dollar telecommunications network integrators to support fiber network and inside plant build-outs in the Denver market. These agreements extend the Company's footprint in the Denver region, strengthen its regional dominance, and add to the Company's ISP (inside plant) line of business, which is the Company's higher-margin operation.


FTE Networks, Inc. Wins Contract Valued Up to $1.5 Million by Fortune 2016 Global 500 Telecom Company
Jun 13 17
FTE Networks, Inc. announced that it has been awarded a new contract by a Fortune 2016 Global 500 telecom company for Inside Plant work. This contract with a major telecommunications network integrator is potentially valued up to $1.5 million over the next twelve months. Work is expected to commence in the second half of 2017.


FTE Networks, Inc. Reports Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 25 17
FTE Networks, Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, total revenues were $5.1 million compared to $2.1 million in the same period of 2016, a 143% increase. A net loss of $3.9 million compared to the prior year three months' $1.11 million loss, was largely the result of the noncash warrant valuation adjustment and one time M&A costs.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Com, Inc. United States 1-800-RECONEX, Inc. United States 123.Net Inc. United States 1800Prepaid United States 186 Communications, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 9, 2017
			    
Benchmark Builders, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      January 17, 2017
			    
Midwest Underground Solutions, Specific Assets



Private Placement

			      September 8, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FTE Networks, Inc., please visit www.ftenet.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Fte Networks, Inc.                                                                                                       - Cincinnati                                        , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Cincinnati



Telephone Communication, Except Radio



Telephone Communication, Except Radio



                            Fte Networks, Inc.
                                    



 





















F 


Fte Networks, Inc.                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11260 CHESTER RD STE 350 CINCINNATI, OH 45246
Get Directions



(502) 657-3500
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 71
 Industries Telephone Communication, Except Radio
 Contacts Tom Bell                                                                                                                







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Tom Bell                                                                                                                 at (502) 657-3500. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














