
需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017








Getz Robert in Coral Gables, FL
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Getz  Robert, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Getz  Robert

Getz, Robert exports to Trans Exportltd. Inc through the port of West Palm Beach, Florida        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Getz  Robert and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 PEPSICO
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Getz  Robert
Getz, Robert exports to Trans Exportltd. Inc through the port of West Palm Beach, Florida


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



GETZ, ROBERT
P.O. BOX 872  ST. CHRISTOPHER CLUB 
BASSETERRE                         
 KN


TRANS EXPORTLTD. INC
4247 SW 10TH STREET                
MIAMI FL 33134                     
 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








NO LEADING MARKS
NO LEADING MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






TTNU1625428
TTNU1625428


Product Description




REBAR CUTTER
REBAR CUTTER









Bill of LadingTSCW10386538    Arrival Date2012-06-04Weight (LB)99Weight (KG)45Quantity1 PCSContainer Count1Voyage No.0953Port of LoadingBASSETERRE, ST. KITTSPort of DischargeWEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDAVessel NameTROPIC TIDECarrier CodeTSCWCountry Of OriginSt. Kitts NevisPlace Of ReceiptBASSETERRE,ST. KI 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Getz  Robert. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Getz  Robert has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Getz  Robert







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Getz  Robert
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Group Nouwee Inc.                                



                                    S&c Arts & Crafts Industrial Co. Lt                                



                                    Consorzio Lavoro E Progresso                                



                                    Max Hofmeier Getraenke Wick                                



                                    Direct Servicesinc.                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.5773
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X



















Robert Getz, Cornerstone Equity Investors LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Robert "Rob" Getz

Mng Dir/Partner/Co-Founder,
Cornerstone Equity Investors LLC






Career History




Exec VP:Sales
Five Cubits Inc, 4/2011-PRESENT


Mng Dir/Partner/Co-Founder
Cornerstone Equity Investors LLC, 1996-PRESENT



Oracle Corp, FORMER



Invensys-Wonderware, FORMER



Descartes Systems, FORMER



Exe Technologies Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.cornerstone-equity.com






Corporate Information
Address:

281 Tresser Blvd
Stamford, CT 06901
United States


Phone:
1-212-753-0901


Fax:
1-212-826-6798


Web url:
www.cornerstone-equity.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



New York University
MBA, Finance, 2/1990


Boston University
Bachelor's Degree, International Relations, 5/1985








Memberships



Board Memberships




Cml Metals Corp


Board Member, PRESENT




Amalco


Board Member, PRESENT




Jaguar Mining Inc


Board Member, 6/2016-PRESENT




Global Alumina Corp


Board Member, 6/2011-PRESENT




Haynes Intl Inc


Board Member, 3/2006-PRESENT




Newmarket Gold Inc


Board Member, UNKNOWN-5/2016




Newmarket Gold Inc/New


Board Member, UNKNOWN-5/2016




Crocodile Gold Corp


Chairman, 3/2014-7/2015




Crocodile Gold Corp


Board Member, 2/2012-3/2014




Palladon Ventures Ltd


Board Member, 9/2008-1/2014




Earthrenew Organics Ltd


Board Member, UNKNOWN-1/2010




Novatel Wireless Inc


Board Member, 12/1999-6/2007




Sitel Corp


Board Member, FORMER




Centurion Intl Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Novatel Wireless Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Earthrenew Corp


Board Member, 1/2010-UNKNOWN




Mdn Inc


Board Member, 2008-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Everett Family & Divorce Law Lawyer | Arlington Injury Attorney | Lynnwood Military Law






















































Family, Divorce and Collaborative Law


Aggressive, Informative Representation
866-460-2535  |  425-405-6278





Menu
Search
Email








Search











Compassionate, Understanding and Careful Attention to Your Circumstances






				[an error occurred while processing this directive]
			

Informational Videos

Video Introduction
Military Divorces
Flat Fee, Unbundled Legal Services
Parenting Plans Explained
What is Divorce Mediation?








Everett, Washington, Divorce Lawyer




Divorce Services For Snohomish County and Skagit CountyAs an experienced family law attorney, I know how much stress a divorce and other family law matters can add to your life. Few events in life cause as much anguish as those that come with the breakdown of family relationships. Backed by a professional service that is second-to-none in this field, I have been helping people navigate the rocks and shoals of divorce for more than 30 years.Family law matters can take you on a journey through a maze of legal rules and regulations at an emotionally painful time. You know your family's needs better than anyone else. My job is to guide you through the process to ensure your long-term happiness and success as well as that of your family.I am Everett family and divorce law lawyer Robert N. Getz. If you are considering filing for divorce or have other family law issues to deal with in Snohomish County and Skagit County, Washington, I invite you to learn more about my unique, thoughtful and creative approach to helping you through the process. Whether you need forceful advocacy or you want to pursue a more collaborative approach I have the experience to help you. As an experienced, dedicated member of the International Association of Collaborative Professionals, I believe there is a better way than expensive, emotional and often futile litigation, but I also recognize that not every case can be resolved amicably. Whatever your needs I can help you. Call The Law Office of Robert N. Getz, P.S., in Everett, Washington, toll free at 866-460-2535 for an initial 10-minute phone discussion about your circumstances. I cannot give legal advice over the telephone. You may also contact my office by email to describe your situation and arrange an initial consultation at my office in Everett.Washington Collaborative Divorce — My Primary Areas Of Practice Collaborative divorce and dissolution of marriage: Whether you are legally separating to preserve health insurance benefits, divorcing on amicable terms or facing contested issues over custody and marital property, I can help you understand your options. I focus on the collaborative process and keep my clients fully informed and comfortable with the divorce process, including the complexities of military divorce. I may be able to offer you limited family law services on a flat-fee basis which can help as much — or as little — as you need. I also advise individuals seeking to protect their rights when ending a cohabitation relationship with an unmarried partner.Other legal services I offer include:Probate and estate planning: I also work with individuals and families seeking qualified assistance with estate planning and probate administration following the death of a loved one. If you need to draft your will or change the terms of your will or trust documents because of divorce, remarriage or another life event, I can help you with efficient, cost-effective services. Personal injury: I also have an in-depth understanding of insurance claims resulting from injuries suffered because of another party's negligence. If you have been injured in an accident, don't talk to an insurance adjuster until you understand your rights and options for collecting full and fair monetary damages.No Charge For Your Initial Phone Consultation · Visa And MasterCard AcceptedSetting emotions aside to clearly consider your future needs and direction is difficult; navigating the maze of laws, court rules and legal terminology can make the situation seem impossible.Call my office toll free at 866-460-2535 for a free initial 10-minute consultation or use the convenient contact email form to arrange an initial office consultation. My office hours in Everett are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, with a one-hour lunch break from noon to 1 p.m. Evening and weekend consultations may be available by special arrangement. Validated free off-street parking is available.Don't need a full range of legal services? Visit my Unbundled Services/Flat Fees page.Arlington Injury Lawyer · Military Law Divorce · Child Custody · Marital Property · Probate · Personal InjuryI practice with integrity, including transparent and clear billing policies. For your convenience, I accept Visa and MasterCard.




Email Robert Now



Bold labels are required.
    










Contact Information

Name




Email Address


Please enter a valid email address.




Phone

Please enter a valid phone number. You may use 0-9, spaces and the ( ) - + characters.




Brief description of your legal issue





Please verify that you have read the disclaimer.



I have read the 
                        disclaimer.



disclaimer.
                




The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
close




Privacy Policy





Lawyer Robert Getz | Lawyer Family
Contact



The Law Office of Robert N. Getz, P.S.



3102 Rockefeller Avenue

Everett, 
                WA
98201




 


 






Toll Free: 866-460-2535 
         Local: 425-405-6278 
         Fax: 425-388-0247 
        



 


 




Everett Law Office Map


Review Us























	About Us

















(888) 747-4389









Login
Cart
Quote









 

Equipment Vehicles Training Videos General Catalog 

 
Dry Chemical Fill Systems Hydrostatic Test Equipment Hose Testers Clean Agent Equipment Shop Equipment CO2 Transfer Pumps Vises Product Specials, Used Equipment and Vehicles Regulators 

 
Cutaway Mobile Service Vehicles Cargo Van Mobile Service Vehicles Hood Cleaning Vehicles Low Roof Body Mobile Service Trailers Accessories Cab/Chassis Vehicles Workbenches 

 
View Catalog Download Catalog 





About Us


Getz Manufacturing was founded in 1971 by Melvin Getz, and was one of several Getz Fire Equipment divisions until it was sold to Amerex in 1990. Getz Fire Equipment returned to the equipment industry in 2008, founding Getz Equipment Innovators to develop new, state-of-the-art service and maintenance equipment in addition to custom service vehicles.In March of 2016, Amerex sold Getz Manufacturing to Getz Fire Equipment.  The sale reunited the service equipment with Getz Fire Equipment under the name of Getz Equipment Innovators.  The combined experience of family members Rodney Getz (CEO), Robert Getz (Sales Manager), and third generation, Jesse Getz (VP Operations) and Jason Getz (VP Administration) has led to the development of service equipment products that have a proven track record of innovation, quality and efficiency. These past 45 years we have been providing quality, innovative and environmentally friendly equipment to the fire service industry. Individual company growth and profitability will require planning for the future and staying up to-date with the latest technology. We continually update our product line to conform to the latest standards and regulations within the service industry.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Home
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy




Distributors
Links
Products on Sale
New Products
Join Email List




                                
                                Getz Equipment Innovators
                                2320 Lakecrest Dr
                                Pekin, IL 61554
                                  
                                Phone: (888) 747-4389
                                Fax: (309) 495-0625                      
                            









                            ©2017 Getz Equipment Innovators
                        





            WEB DEVELOPMENT AND WEB HOSTING BY STELLAR SYSTEMS, INC.










Robert Getz - Harrisburg, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Harrisburg



Timber Tracts



Christmas Tree Farm



                            Robert Getz
                                    



 





















R 


Robert Getz
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6531 LEONARD DR HARRISBURG, PA 17111
Get Directions



(717) 671-6910





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $37,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Christmas Tree Farm
 Contacts Robert Getz







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1998, Robert Getz has been providing Christmas Tree Farm from Harrisburg. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















ROBERT GETZ D.D.S., P.A. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ROBERT GETZ D.D.S., P.A.











Company number G68313
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 592326021
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/8/1983
        

Principal Address
            4962 N. UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351
            


Mailing Address 4962 N. UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351
        
ROBERT GETZ D.D.S., P.A. Principals

Director, R
                Getz Robert
                 


Address
                4962 NORTH UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 2/16/2016
            

2016 2/16/2016
            

2015 2/2/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name GETZ                ROBERT        D (p)
        

Agent Address
                4962 NORTH UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351
                

Description
ROBERT GETZ D.D.S., P.A. has been set up 11/8/1983 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The ROBERT GETZ D.D.S., P.A. principal adress is 4962 N. UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 4962 N. UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351. 
The company`s registered agent is GETZ                ROBERT        D 4962 NORTH UNIVERSITY DRIVE, LAUDERHILL, FL, 33351.  
The company`s management are Director, R - Getz Robert. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 2/16/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ROBERT G. FEGERS, P.L.
ROBERT G. FELDER, L.L.C.
ROBERT G. FISCHER DDS, PA
ROBERT G. FITZPATRICK, D.C., INC.
ROBERT G. FOSTER TRUCKING, INC.
ROBERT G. FRANKLIN, INC











Robert Getz’s Reviews - Everett, WA Attorney - Avvo


Skip to main content Avvo requires JavaScript to function. Please enable JavaScript in your web browser.HomeFind a lawyerRobert Norwood GetzReviewsRobert Getz’s reviews     4.0 stars 17 totalReview Robert Getz Robert Getz Message  Contact infoFilter reviews by:All
Hired attorney
Consulted attorney
Purchased an Avvo serviceThe child who got to live with her dad5.0 starsPosted by Jasmine April  5, 2017My father hired Robert Getz after losing myself and my brother in his original divorce. My mother was horrible to my father and withheld us for child support more than anything else. After my dad hired Robert within a year we were living with my dad, He made a miracle happen that my brother and I never thought would. Now I am 25 and own my own business. Robert has referred me to two attorneys who got the job done and made things happen just like he did. THANK YOU ROBERT!More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney Made my case a nightmare1.0 starPosted by anonymous March 14, 2016I hired this lawyer to help finish my divorce.I was forced to terminate his services leaving me hi and dry.He lyed to me about the amount of money he was going to charge me to get my divorce finished.It actually ended up costing me three times what he originally told me to get me back to square one.He told me everything I wanted to hear and it wasn't until I lost that I realization came that he tells everyone what they want to hear. Before I fired him it appeared my exes attorney and him were good buddy's. Don't hire this lawyer!More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney Robert Norwood Getz’s response: “Always interesting these negative reviews for fact patterns unknown to me or my staff appear just after I am successful with a particular case where custody is contested and I have had contempt found against the other parent twice.”Poor representation 1.0 starPosted by anonymous January 10, 2016Took a pretty cut and dry case and turned it into a six hour mediation. Cost me almost as much money as my divorce to mediate a small section of my parenting plan against my wishes. Spent 2/3 of our time listening to personal stories that had no relevance to my case. Waste of my time and money. More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney Brilliant, thorough, absolutely recommended5.0 starsPosted by anonymous December 21, 2015Bob was referred to me from another attorney who didn't have the time to take my case (a difficult child custody situation.) Bob was described as "on the expensive side, but tough as nails." He is worth absolutely every last penny. This man knows the ins and outs of family law. He acts quickly, is articulate, and answers questions throughly.  His staff are also very well informed and Amy, his paralegal, is one of the most kind people I've met.
Now, as a father, I have primary custody of my son, was able to take him to live with me out of state, and the mother has to pay child support as well as all air travel. There are plenty more favorable conditions for me, that I know I have Bob and Amy to thank for. 
The other party on the case has been known to be very petty and post false reviews. Just FYI, they were convicted on a contempt of court charge on the 21st of January this year (2015,) and then somehow, "mysteriously" he gets his first negative reviews immediately after.  Also, the other party's attorney did not show up for a hearing. (The irony of which does not escape me.)
You cannot put a price on your children, and for divorce cases, paying a good lawyer up front could save you a lot of money in the long-run. Bob is definitely the guy you're looking for.More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney Great Attorney 5.0 starsPosted by Chris  December 12, 2015I have had to use Mr Getz's services on several occasions and he has always been able to give me the results I was looking for. He is always professional and gets the job done. would highly recommend Robert for anything to do with family law. More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney I wouldn't even wish his representation on my ex1.0 starPosted by Jessica February  5, 2015I hired Robert Getz on short notice and unfortunately looked him up after. Don't make the same mistake I did. He wanted me to move forward with my case in ways I was not comfortable. He lost my case and then even asked me to give him a good avvo review to make himself look good. Don't hire this lawyer!More Robert Norwood Getz’s response: “Always interesting these negative reviews for fact patterns unknown to me or my staff appear just after I am successful with a particular case where custody is contested and I have had contempt found against the other parent twice.”Best interest at heart...5.0 starsPosted by Destiny January 30, 2015After being misrepresented and having poor representation in a divorce and custody battle, I later found out that I was facing yet another battle.  The verbiage on my divorce decree was incorrect and was keeping me from receiving what what agreed upon.  I found Bob to be willing to take on my case as well as extremely knowledgeable in the Military requirements for retirement division.  
Bob and his team were always available to answer my questions, were more than willing to provide more detailed explanation, and approached my case in fairness for all parties involved (never once approaching this in a greedy manner).  With their help we were able to reach the desired outcome with little time invested.  
Thank you Bob and Amy with all the support and assistance in handling my case quick and efficiently.More not interested in my case1.0 starPosted by anonymous January 22, 2015Bob is one of those lawyers who struggles with his own moral conscious and he showed it during my case instance after instance. He will use any tactic he can to get a leg up like telling the court anything they want to hear whether it's true or not. In my case he completely misrepresented me to the court by making up facts about my case that didn't even exist. This was unacceptable.  One hearing he didn't even show up for. It was clear that my whole case was about money for him.More Robert Norwood Getz’s response: “Always interesting these negative reviews for fact patterns unknown to me or my staff appear just after I am successful with a particular case where custody is contested and I have had contempt found against the other parent twice.”WIN! WIN!5.0 starsPosted by Jay October  7, 2014I was very happy, because he was able to get me exactly what I had wanted. And I even got back some of my retainer. I couldn't be more happy with RobertMore Professional, Responsive, Knowledgeable and Informative5.0 starsPosted by William January 17, 2014Mr. Getz and his staff were outstanding in every aspect of my Divorce. I was kept informed on anything and everything, every step of the way. Robert's streight across the board verbage and tactics was the strongest suit for me, being an ex-old black shoe in the Navy. It is a great feeling to walk into the office and have people truely interested in what is happening with you! I would recommended Mr. Getz and his staff to anyone who is truely interested in utilizing their legal talents and skills.More Write a review for Robert GetzSet LocationCity and stateCancelSave
Find a lawyer by name or practice area - Avvo
Skip to main content Avvo requires JavaScript to function. Please enable JavaScript in your web browser.HomeFind a lawyerFind a lawyerSearch the attorney directorySearchCity and stateSee lawyers by practice areaChoose an area of law to find top-rated attorneys near you.Bankruptcy and debt Brain injury Business Car accident Child custody Child support Criminal defense DUI and DWI Divorce and separation Employment and labor Estate planning Family Foreclosure Immigration Litigation Medical malpractice Mesothelioma and asbestos Motorcycle accident Personal injury Probate Real estate Social security Speeding and traffic ticket Tax Trucking accident Workers compensation Wrongful termination See all practice areas How to find and hire a great lawyerDo I need a lawyer?What do lawyers do, exactly?Lawyers (also called attorneys or counsel) serve as advocates for people and organizations. They represent clients both to the court and to opposing parties. Lawyers can represent clients in criminal cases, where a law has been broken, and in civil cases, in which one party is suing another.Lawyers are also important partners in situations that don’t involve the courtroom, advising clients about their legal rights and obligations for personal or business issues. They are trained to interpret complicated systems of laws and navigate the court system.What can a lawyer do for me?First, a lawyer will advise you as to whether or not you actually need legal help. It’s not always obvious whether an issue is a legal matter or something that can be resolved without involving the court system. A lawyer will help you answer these initial questions.Once you’ve decided to hire a lawyer, then they have the power to represent you to the court and to opposing parties. Your lawyer is your most important ally in any legal matter. They provide advice on how to proceed with your legal issue, and prepare important documents for you.If your issue involves going to court, your lawyer will accompany you, and can speak for you. If your legal matter involves mediation or arbitration, your lawyer will negotiate with the opposing party on your behalf.Let's find your lawyerWhat type of lawyer do I need?What practice area should I choose?Many lawyers tend to focus only on one area, or several related areas of law. In your search for the right lawyer, you should look for a lawyer who understands and has experience in the specific area of law for your issue. For example, a divorce lawyer may not be able to help you if you are considering declaring bankruptcy for your business, but a bankruptcy lawyer who understands bankruptcy and business law would be a perfect match. Reputable lawyers will be upfront about their experience and specific focus, but it will save you some time by narrowing your search beforehand.Top 5 practice areas for Avvo  attorneysAvvo attorneys handle cases in over 120 practice areas, including divorce, criminal defense, and bankruptcy.Find the practice area that fits your issueIs practice size and type something I should consider when I’m looking for a lawyer?Practice size is definitely something you should take into account. Some firms consist of only one lawyer, while some firms retain hundreds. There are many different types of law firms, some of which focus on very specific issues, while others may be more general. For instance, a large corporate firm may not help if you only need a lawyer to review a contract or a few documents, but may be the right choice if you are filing a personal injury suit against a large company. If your legal issue involves only small sums of money, or a few documents, a small firm may be more cost-effective. The size of a practice may also determine how quickly you will be able to actually speak to your potential lawyer; larger offices may require you to schedule your initial consultation through a lawyer’s assistant or secretary.Number of Avvo attorneys who offer free consultations25,654Let's find your lawyerHow do I narrow the list of possible lawyers to contact?Should location be a major factor in my search for a lawyer?Location is an important factor in looking for a lawyer to represent you. Since your issue will likely depend on state or local laws and regulations, you will want an attorney who understands the regulations for your location. On the practical side, you will also want a lawyer who has an office that is convenient for you to travel to. Some lawyers are willing to travel to meet you, but may also charge for travel time. It’s usually a good idea to find a lawyer located in your geographical area. Besides legal knowledge of state and local laws, lawyers also have practical local knowledge. Lawyers in specific cities or towns will also have connections to helpful agencies in that city, which will expedite the process of resolving your issue.What are other clients saying about them?One of the best ways to know if an attorney is right for you are reviews. Read what previous clients have said about specific attorneys and their experiences. Once you choose an attorney to contact, read all the reviews about that particular lawyer to get an idea of how they may handle your case and interact with you.Let's find your lawyerWhat fees and costs should I expect?What types of payment do lawyers usually accept?Most lawyers accept standard payment methods, such as cash, check, and credit cards. Sometimes the method of payment will involve part of the amount of a settlement, so be sure to discuss payment options with your lawyer before signing a fee agreement. Most lawyers are also willing to set up a payment plan, if necessary.The minimum rate for most attorneys is $149 per hourWhat is a fee agreement?A fee agreement, or representation agreement, is a payment agreement between a lawyer and a client. It can consist of several pages, or simply one page outlining the agreement. This document covers key issues such as how much you will be expected to pay for services rendered, how the lawyer will be paid, the timeline of payment, and which lawyer (if a multi-lawyer firm) will work on the case. Be sure to read the fee agreement carefully before signing it, so you know exactly what is expected of you and your lawyer.Common payments accepted by Avvo attorneysGlossary of common costs when hiring a lawyerConsultation Fee: A lawyer may charge for you first consultation meeting, but be sure you know the charges before you hire a lawyer. Ask about Consultation fees before you make an appointment, and how the fee is calculated (i.e. by the hour, half-hour, or otherwise).Contingency Fees: A contingency fee means that your lawyer only gets paid this fee if there is a favorable result in your case—a court win or a settlement in your favor. Typically, but not always, these fees consist of around 1/3 of the total settlement or judgment.Flat Fees: A flat fee means that the lawyer charges one price for each consultation, or for an entire case, no matter how much time or work it takes. Be sure to ask other lawyers for comparable rates if offered a flat fee.Hourly Rate: Lawyers often charge an agreed-upon hourly rate for their work, and the work of their assistants. The hourly rate applies to both face-to-face consultations and behind-the-scenes work on your case. A good lawyer will usually be able to estimate the required number of hours per case in advance.Retainer Fee: A retainer fee is an advance payment to an attorney towards the hourly rate in a specific case. Your attorney will place the retainer fee into an account, and deduct money as work on your case progresses. These are usually non-refundable if you choose to terminate the case early.Statutory Fee: Sometimes, state or local law determines a set amount that you owe your attorney for certain services, like bankruptcy cases and probate issues. A court may also set a statutory fee, though this isn’t standard.Court Costs: Be sure that you know whether, and how much, you will owe in court costs for your legal issue. A good lawyer will be able to estimate court costs in a given situation, and whether or not you will be able to obtain court costs from an opposing party in a favorable settlement or judgment.Filing Fees: Courts charge money for people to be able to file lawsuits and other court actions, like divorce and bankruptcy. Ask your potential lawyer to explain these fees before you sign a fee agreement.Secretarial Time: Lawyers charge different hourly rates for their own work and the work of their secretaries and paralegals. Be sure to ask about the difference before you decide to hire a lawyer and sign a fee agreement.Delivery Fees: In some cases, lawyers use courier services to deliver legal documents to opposing parties and to the court. Ask about potential delivery fees before you sign a fee agreement.Let's find your lawyerWhat questions should I ask before I hire a lawyer?What percentage of their cases deal with issues like mine?This is an important question that a reputable attorney should have no problem answering. You want to find a lawyer that has experience dealing with your specific issue, and this question will help you determine whether a lawyer is right for you. Feel free to ask for specific statistics, and for their average verdict/settlement numbers in cases similar to yours.How much experience does this lawyer have? What is their record?Lawyers, like all professionals, will have varying degrees of experience. Understanding a lawyer’s previous experience is essential to understanding how they can handle your case. You’ll want to ask how many years the lawyer has been practicing. A lack of experience doesn’t necessarily make for a bad lawyer, though, especially if they have experienced lawyers around them. This is why you’ll want to ask about their workload: do they handle many cases? How much of each case do they personally oversee, and how much do they delegate to assistants?How will a lawyer contact me?Make sure you and your attorney are on the same page about communication. Ask about their preferred communication methods, and whether they are willing to use your preferred communication methods. Does the lawyer you are considering hiring accept (and respond to) communication via email? Will they respond if you send a text? Make sure they respond promptly (within 24 hours) to your initial inquiries--you don’t want to hire a lawyer who won’t return your calls or avoids prompt communication about your case.What is their availability, should I need to contact them?It’s especially important to understand a potential lawyer’s availability. Will they be going on a three-week vacation in the middle of your case? Do they take phone calls after business hours? Do their legal assistants have a way to contact them if they are not in the office? You should have a good sense of how and when your lawyer will be available to communicate with you.Let's find your lawyerThe Avvo advantageAvvo gives you all the information you need to find the right lawyer.50 states120 areas of lawDetailed profiles including reviews50 states120 areas of lawDetailed profiles including reviewsMore View attorneys by stateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDist. of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingView attorneys by cityAtlanta, GAAustin, TXBaltimore, MDBoston, MABrooklyn, NYBuffalo, NYCharlotte, NCChicago, ILCincinnati, OHCleveland, OHColumbus, OHDallas, TXDenver, CODetroit, MIEl Paso, TXFort Lauderdale, FLFort Worth, TXFresno, CAHouston, TXIndianapolis, INJacksonville, FLKansas City, MOKnoxville, TNLas Vegas, NVLos Angeles, CAMemphis, TNMiami, FLMilwaukee, WIMinneapolis, MNNashville, TNNew York, NYOrlando, FLPhiladelphia, PAPhoenix, AZPittsburgh, PAPortland, ORRaleigh, NCRiverside, CASacramento, CASaint Louis, MOSan Antonio, TXSan Diego, CASan Francisco, CASan Jose, CASeattle, WASpokane, WATacoma, WATampa, FLTucson, AZWashington, DCSet LocationCity and stateCancelSaveLawyer Robert Getz - Everett, WA Attorney 98201 - Avvo
Skip to main content Avvo requires JavaScript to function. Please enable JavaScript in your web browser.HomeFind a lawyerWashingtonEverettFamily Law AttorneysRobert Norwood GetzRobert Norwood Getzalso known as Bob  This lawyer has been disciplined by a state licensing authority.4.0 stars 17 reviewsAvvo Rating 8.8     Everett, WA Licensed since 1988 Free consultation Message Practice areasFamily, Divorce and separation, Landlord or tenant, Probateread more Robert Norwood Getz Call (425) 405-1300AboutSimilar lawyersReviewsCostContactAbout RobertI have the breadth of experience to help you with your family law problem.  With my assistance we work as an established team to put your case together and focus on the long-term goals you have while meeting your immediate needs.  We know you are the person who knows the most about you, your partner and your children.  What we will give you is the knowledge and real world practical advice to make the best choices for you and your children.  Please see our website for a variety of helpful videos Read more Practice areasProbate: 25%Former law clerk to the Honorable Melvin J. Peterson, Judge of Hennepin County (Minneapolis) Probate Court.34 years, 100 casesLandlord or tenant: 25%Countywide Evictions, LLC provides a full range of landlord services. We help you with all your legal problems - evictions, 1031 exchanges, document review, planning.34 years, 100 casesDivorce and separation: 25%Complex financial and child custody trial experience.  I welcome case for mothers and fathers, same sex relationships, small businesses and related matters.34 years, 500 casesFamily: 25%All areas of family law, third party custody, paternity, child support, parenting plans.34 years, 500 casesSee more Mountain View  lawyers ResumeLicenseStateStatusAcquiredUpdatedWAActive198806/26/2017Professional misconduct This lawyer was disciplined by a state licensing authority.Suspension issued in WA, 2002 updated October 20, 2009 12:00amThis means the attorney lost his or her license to practice law for a period of time.  The attorney typically returns to practicing law when the suspension expires.avvo contributionsLegal answers8Legal guides0Show full resume  AwardsAward nameGrantorDate grantedNavy CommendationU.S. Navy1986Work experienceTitleCompany nameDurationPresidentRobert N. Getz, P.S.1991 - PresentAttorneyHyatt Legal Services1990 - 1991AttorneyU S Navy, Judge Advocate General's Corps1983 - 1989AttorneyHarry N. Ray Attorneys1980 - 1983Law ClerkHennepin County District Court1979 - 1980AssociationsAssociation namePosition nameDurationSCBA Alternative Dispute ResolutionMediator-Member2012 - PresentDispute Resolution Center of Snohomish CountyMediator2011 - PresentWashington State Trial Lawyers AssociationMember2003 - PresentSnohomish County Bar AssociationMember1993 - PresentWashington State Bar AssociationMember1988 - PresentWashington State Association for JusticeMemberN/ANorth Sound Collaborative LawMemberN/AInternational Association of Collaborative ProfessionalsMemberN/AKing County Collaborative LawMemberN/ASnohomish County Bar Association, Family Law SectionPresident2010 - 2012Snohomish County Bar Association, Family Law SectionTrustee2008 - 2015More EducationSchool nameMajorDegreeGraduatedHamline University School of LawLawJD - Juris Doctor1980University of UtahN/AN/A1976Speaking engagementsConference nameTitleDateFamily Law CLEMilitary Benefits2012Reviews (17) 4.0 starsReview Robert GetzThe child who got to live with her dad5.0 starsPosted by Jasmine April  5, 2017My father hired Robert Getz after losing myself and my brother in his original divorce. My mother was horrible to my father and withheld us for child support more than anything else. After my dad hired Robert within a year we were living with my dad, He made a miracle happen that my brother and I never thought would. Now I am 25 and own my own business. Robert has referred me to two attorneys who got the job done and made things happen just like he did. THANK YOU ROBERT!More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney Made my case a nightmare1.0 starPosted by anonymous March 14, 2016I hired this lawyer to help finish my divorce.I was forced to terminate his services leaving me hi and dry.He lyed to me about the amount of money he was going to charge me to get my divorce finished.It actually ended up costing me three times what he originally told me to get me back to square one.He told me everything I wanted to hear and it wasn't until I lost that I realization came that he tells everyone what they want to hear. Before I fired him it appeared my exes attorney and him were good buddy's. Don't hire this lawyer!More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney Robert Norwood Getz’s response: “Always interesting these negative reviews for fact patterns unknown to me or my staff appear just after I am successful with a particular case where custody is contested and I have had contempt found against the other parent twice.”Poor representation 1.0 starPosted by anonymous January 10, 2016Took a pretty cut and dry case and turned it into a six hour mediation. Cost me almost as much money as my divorce to mediate a small section of my parenting plan against my wishes. Spent 2/3 of our time listening to personal stories that had no relevance to my case. Waste of my time and money. More This review is from a person who hired this attorney. Hired attorney See all reviews Attorney endorsements (6)Are you an attorney? Endorse this lawyerAllen Glass, Divorce and separation Attorney April 15, 2015  3:37pmRelationship: Opposing Counsel on matterI endorse this lawyer. Bob is an accomplished attorney and knows how to get things done in the best possible way. If it means negotiation, he's incredible; if it means trial work, he's superb. You couldn't ask for better representation.Read more Laura Hoskins, Divorce and separation Attorney March 14, 2015  7:19pmRelationship: Opposing Counsel on matterBob is an outstanding attorney, a zealous advocate and a kind, compassionate individual.  He is absolutely amazing. As an opposing counsel, he is a formidable foe. 
I have known Bob since the very start of my legal career.  When I need help with a particularly complex legal issue, he is the first person I call.Read more See all endorsements See who Robert has endorsed Rhea RolfeGregory DaviesRon SteingoldDouglas BeckerMirka NakovskiJames ShipmanYevgeny BernerDubs HerschlipLaurie UmmelCostRATESHourly Rates $335/hourFree consultations  Some lawyers offer a free consultation to help determine whether their services are right for your legal needs10 minutesOTHER BILLING TYPESContingency fees  A contingency fee is the percent of the final award a lawyer will receive as compensation. For some of these cases, lawyers will only be paid if there is a successful outcome.35%Offers fixed fee-services  Fixed-fee are legal services performed for a preset rate, rather than on an hourly basis.SometimesPayment MethodsCash, Check, Credit cardContactRobert N. Getz, P.S.3102 Rockefeller AvenueEverett, WA, 98201Office  (425) 405-1300Website www.rgetzlaw.com Call  Message  Message  Call Related lawyers near youEverett family law attorneysEverett divorce / separation lawyersEverett landlord / tenant lawyersEverett probate attorneysMarysville family law attorneysMarysville divorce / separation lawyersMarysville landlord / tenant lawyersMarysville probate attorneysSnohomish family law attorneysSnohomish divorce / separation lawyersSnohomish landlord / tenant lawyersSnohomish probate attorneysMill Creek family law attorneysMill Creek divorce / separation lawyersMill Creek landlord / tenant lawyersMill Creek probate attorneysSet LocationCity and stateCancelSave











 


