 


Golden Capital Management Services, Investment Advisory Services, Equity Management - Golden Capital Management

























 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com








GCM 3rd Quarter 2016 Commentary
Golden Capital Q3 2016 Commentary
View Details


2015 SMA Manager of the Year Award
Wells Fargo Asset Management recognizes Golden Capital, recipient of 2015 SMA Manager of the Year Award.
View Details












Fundamentally Based, Quantitatively Executed
GCM is an investment advisory firm that offers domestic and international equity portfolios to individual investors and institutions of all sizes.  The firm is based in Charlotte, NC.To accommodate the investment requirements of a diverse client base, we offer a variety of investment strategies.  Our strategy lineup includes focused, enhanced index and conventional index portfolios.

Our advantage is rooted in proprietary stock selection models.  The models combine the thoroughness of a fundamental approach to research with the consistency accomplished through quantitative execution.  We utilize the models to identify stocks that we believe are likely to outperform their peers.



About the Logo

At GCM, we take seriously our responsibility as your investment advisor.  Our commitment to you is even represented in our logo.  The logo visualizes a client's overall portfolio as a pie chart, and the piece of that pie highlighted in the bottom right-hand corner represents the portion entrusted to us.  This serves as a reminder to us that each of our clients has his or her own story and investment objectives, and it emphasizes the importance of our obligation to each client.















 


Resources / News - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















News
Legal Forms





News
















 


Contact Us - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com


















Locations
Charlotte Office
10715 David Taylor Drive, Suite 400
Charlotte, NC  28262
704.593.1144




Institutional Contacts




Western U.S. & Int'l
            Jon Cangalosi, CIMA
Executive Vice President & Principal
            704.817.5560
cango@gcm1.com
North & South U.S.
            Tom Mueth, CIMA
            Director of Institutional Markets
            704.817.5589
tmueth@gcm1.com




Retail Broker Dealer & Financial Advisor Contact
National
David Farace
Director - Retail and Home Office Relationships
704.817.5590
dfarace@gcm1.com

















 


Management Team - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















Overview
History
Our Advantage
Management Team





Management Team
GCM operates independently of its parent company, Wells Fargo & Company. Our management team is comprised of experienced investment, client service, operations and compliance leaders, including GCM’s founders. The management team is responsible for managing all day-to-day activities of the firm.

Greg Golden, CFA
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Greg Golden founded GCM in March 1999. He oversees the strategic direction of the firm as its President and CEO and also serves as the lead portfolio manager for the Enhanced Large Cap and Small Cap Core strategies. Greg was Senior Vice President and Head of Structured Products for Bank of America prior to founding GCM, and he began his career in investment management in 1989 with Sovran Bank of Tennessee. Greg earned a B.B.A. in finance from Belmont University. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA North Carolina Society and the CFA Institute.

  
Jeff Moser, CFA
Chief Operating Officer
Jeff Moser founded GCM in March 1999. He oversees all business activities of the firm as its Chief Operating Officer and also serves as the lead portfolio manager for the Large Cap Core strategy. Jeff began his investment career in 1983 with Bank of America, where he served as Senior Vice President and Fund Manager. Jeff is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Wake Forest University with a B.S. in mathematics. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA North Carolina Society and the CFA Institute.


Jon Cangalosi, CIMA
Executive Vice President
Jon Cangalosi joined GCM in October 1999 and is one of the firm’s three principal employees. He oversees sales, marketing and client service initiatives for the firm and serves as the lead liaison between GCM and its clients. His investment career has included working for firms such as Alliance Capital, Fidelity Investments and Bank of America. Jon earned a B.A. in political science from Wake Forest University. He holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst designation (CIMA) and is a member of the Investment Management Consultants Association (IMCA) and the Association for Investment Management Sales Executives (AIMSE). 


Lynette Alexander
Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
Lynette Alexander joined GCM in August 2000, and she oversees portfolio accounting and performance measurement for the firm’s investment strategies, as well as the firm's financial accounting. Prior to joining GCM, she spent thirteen years at Bank of America, where she started her career as a systems analyst and advanced to Senior Vice President and Manager of Information Services for the investment group. Lynette earned a B.S. in mathematical science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 


  
Rob Carroll, J.D.
Chief Compliance Officer, Managing Director 
Rob Carroll joined GCM in May 2006, and he oversees legal and compliance matters for the firm. Prior to joining GCM, Rob built over fifteen years of experience in the investment management industry including his most recent position as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer for Stephens Investment Management Group. His prior positions include Associate General Counsel at Bank of America Corporation and Senior Special Counsel in the Division of Investment Management at the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (Washington, DC), and associate attorney at Steptoe & Johnson (Washington, DC). Rob earned a B.A. in economics from Dartmouth College and a J.D. from Duke University School of Law. He is a member of the Virginia and District of Columbia bar associations.





Independent Firm, Dependable Partner
GCM enjoys a strong partnership with Wells Fargo & Company, a global financial services leader.


Firm Ownership
Firm principals Greg Golden, Jeff Moser and Jon Cangalosi maintain a significant ownership stake in Golden Capital Management.


Consistency
Firm founders Greg Golden and Jeff Moser have managed strategies since GCM was founded in 1999.

















 


Website Disclosure - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com


















Disclaimer Golden Capital Management, LLC (GCM) provides the information in this web site as a service to financial advisors and other visitors, to be used for informational purposes only.  While we have tried to provide accurate and timely information, and have relied on sources we believe to be reliable, the site may include inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies.  GCM does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, that the information on the site is accurate or complete or that the web site will operate error free or is free from viruses or other destructive or harmful code.

Nothing contained on this site should be used or construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security, and nothing contained herein is intended as investment, tax, financial or legal advice.  Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situations.  Any decision based on information contained on this site is the sole responsibility of the user.

Performance information presented on this web site is historical and is not indicative of future results.  No assurance can be made that profits will be achieved or that substantial losses will not be incurred in connection with any investment strategy.  All investments involve risks, including the risk of loss of capital.

GCM reserves the right to withdraw or prohibit access to the site, and to revise or remove any information available on the site, at any time without notifying users.

 
















 


Domestic - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















Overview
Domestic
International





Domestic
GCM’s founders began developing quantitative stock selection models based on estimate revisions and earnings surprise in 1987.  In the early 1990’s, multi-factor valuation models were added to the domestic research platform.  Research showed that synergies between these models resulted in improved performance and a well-balanced signal over varied market cycles.  Tremendous growth in the availability of data, technological advances, and a quantitative research team that strives for excellence have led to models that are even more robust and powerful today than when they were first developed.

Investment Universe
Our quantitative research process begins with the collection of data on our initial investment universe.  

Categorization
Then, using a proprietary categorization methodology, we group companies into four unique categories.  Our methodology is based on the idea that companies within a certain category operate within a similar phase of their business cycle and share common financial characteristics that influence the way they are viewed by investors. Attractive investment opportunities can be found in each of the four categories.  The goal of categorization is to group companies in a manner that allows us to customize factor and sub-composite weights, because companies in any one category tend to respond differently than companies in the other three categories. 

Total Composite Model
After categorizing the investment universe, we evaluate companies through the application of our Total Composite Model.  The Total Composite Model takes a bottom-up approach to evaluating common stock, and its objective is to provide a single quantitative ranking to serve as an overall indication of a stock’s attractiveness relative to its peers.  The Total Composite Model considers valuation, earnings and momentum measures as captured by the following six sub-composites.
 

Traditional Valuation:  Assesses value as measured by multiples of earnings, sales, cash flow, and other items
GARP Valuation:  Provides a value assessment in light of current and expect growth and the sustainability of growth
Earnings Growth:  Evaluates recent and expected earnings growth and trends with insight into the sustainability of that growth
Earnings and Sales Momentum:  Considers earnings and sales surprise and analysts’ expectations
Earnings Quality:  Evaluates the overall quality, consistency and sustainability of a company’s profitability
Trading Momentum:  Evaluates price behavior to identify the direction of near-term momentum and investor sentiment

Model Output
The Total Composite Model produces a ranking for each stock that indicates our expectation for its performance relative to its peers.  Each of the sub-composites also produces a ranking that provides us with additional color on the underlying strengths and weaknesses of each company.





Fast Facts
Categorization
Group companies by their business cycle


Total Composite Model
Considers valuation, earnings and momentum measures


Model Output
The Total Composite Model provides a single quantitative ranking of a company's attractiveness.



















Golden Capital Management LLC                                                                                            - Charlotte                                         , NC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Charlotte



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Golden Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















G 


Golden Capital Management LLC                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10715 DAVID TAYLOR DR # 400 CHARLOTTE, NC 28262
Get Directions



(704) 593-1144
www.gcm1.com                                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,581,177.00
 Employee Count 14
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Greg Golden                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011, Golden Capital Management Llc                                                                                            has been providing Management Investment, Open-end from Charlotte. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















Golden Capital Management, LLC : Top Money Managers  



Golden Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 9:26 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Golden Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Golden Capital Management, LLC provides its services to banking or thrift institutions, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, charitable organizations, corporations, state or municipal government entities, and high net worth individuals. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies to create its equity portfolios. It also invests in dividend paying stocks. The firm makes investments in companies with market capitaliz...
Golden Capital Management, LLC provides its services to banking or thrift institutions, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, charitable organizations, corporations, state or municipal government entities, and high net worth individuals. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies to create its equity portfolios. It also invests in dividend paying stocks. The firm makes investments in companies with market capitalization range of greater than $2 billion for its large cap core strategy, in the range of $200 million to $2.5 billion for small cap core strategy, in the range of $200 million to $14 billion for SMID cap core strategy, and in the range of $2 billion to $14 billion for mid cap core strategy. For its all cap core strategy, it invests in companies with market capitalization range of greater than $200 Million. The firm makes investments in companies with market capitalization range of greater than $2 billion for its enhanced large cap strategy and in the range of greater than $200 million for its 130/30 equity strategy. It employs a fundamental and a quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against the Russell 1000 Index, MSCI EAFE Index, S&P 500 Index, Russell 2000 Index, Russell 2500 Index, Russell Midcap Index, and Russell 3000 Index. Golden Capital Management was founded in 1999 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina with additional office in Boston, Massachusetts. Golden Capital Management, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Wells Fargo Asset Management Corporation.

Detailed Description


10715 David Taylor DriveSuite 400Charlotte, NC 28262United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 704-593-1144

Fax: 704-593-0240

www.gcm1.com







Key Executives for Golden Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Greg William Golden CFA


      	President, Chief Executive Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Jeffrey Cornell Moser CFA


      	Chief Operating Officer and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Lynette Wood Alexander


      	Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director
      








Mr. Robert Brooks Carroll J.D.


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Managing Director
      








Mr. Robi Elnekave


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 17, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Golden Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.gcm1.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























John Campbell, Golden Capital Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





John Campbell

Chief Invsmt Officer/Portfolio Mgr,
Golden Capital Management LLC






Career History




Member:Fund Management Team
Wells Fargo Diversified Large Cap Growth Portfolio, 2017-PRESENT


Member:Fund Management Team
Wells Fargo Small Cap Core Fund, 2015-PRESENT


Member: Fund Management Team
Wells Fargo Index Fund, 2013-PRESENT


Chief Invsmt Officer/Portfolio Mgr
Golden Capital Management LLC, PRESENT


Fund Manager
Wells Fargo Advantage Small/Mid Cap Core Fund, 2007-2013


Fund Manager
Evergreen Golden Mid Cap Core Fund, 12/2007-4/2010



Golden Capital Management LLC, 3/2006-UNKNOWN


Portfolio Manager/Analyst
Golden Capital Management LLC, FORMER


VP:Investment Mgmt
Placemark Investments Inc, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Texas A&M University
Bachelor's Degree


Southern Methodist University
MBA








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA)









Memberships



Other Memberships




CFA North Carolina Society 


Member




CFA Institute


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Trademark of Golden Capital Management, LLC. Serial Number: 78522057 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 Golden Capital Management, LLC
investment advisory and investment fund services namely, managing pools of public and private investment funds




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   investment   fund   services      managing   pools   public   private   investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark by Golden Capital Management, LLC 
                                in Charlotte, NC, 28262.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Golden Capital Management, LLC of the GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, November 23, 2004,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT by 
                        Golden Capital Management, LLC, Charlotte, NC  28262.
                        The USPTO has given the GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  78522057.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC of 
                                            Five Resource Square, Suite 400,  CHARLOTTE NC 28262,  
                                .
                            The GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
                            is investment advisory and investment fund services namely, managing pools of public and private investment funds. 
                            





Word mark:
 GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

4/30/2015



  Serial Number:  
78522057


  Filing Date:  
11/23/2004


 Registration Number:  
3049879 


 Registration Date:  
1/24/2006


 Goods and Services: 
investment advisory and investment fund services namely, managing pools of public and private investment funds


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/1/2005


Last Applicant/Owner:

Golden Capital Management, LLCCharlotte, NC  28262
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
Five Resource Square, Suite 400
CHARLOTTE NC 28262







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/1/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
3/1/1999





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/30/2015
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search goldencapitalmanagem on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 




GOLDEN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT is providing investment advisory and investment fund services namely, managing pools of public and private investment funds.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Golden Sun Capital Management Llc in Boulder, CO 80302 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Colorado
» Boulder
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Golden Sun Capital Management Llc













Golden Sun Capital Management Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





885 Arapahoe Ave  Boulder, Colorado 80302


(303) 449-6125


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Golden Sun Capital Management Llc is located at the address 885 Arapahoe Ave in Boulder, Colorado 80302.  They can be contacted via phone at (303) 449-6125 for pricing, hours and directions.  Golden Sun Capital Management Llc specializes in Short-Term Disability, Estate Planning, Equipment.  Golden Sun Capital Management Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Solomon  Halpern, ExecutiveGolden Sun Capital Management Llc provides Deposit Services, Investments, Residential Claims to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Golden Sun Capital Management Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Golden Sun Capital Management Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Checking Accounts
, Commercial Loans
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Agency Bonds
, Workers Compensation
, Rollover Plans
, Industrial Policies
, IRAs
, Life Insurance
, Mutual Funds



SERVICES


Financial Planning
, Investments
, Wealth Management
, State Returns
, Residential Claims
, Deposit Services
, Accounting
, Bonds Issued
, Family Wealth Planning
, Card Replacement


 BRANDS


Quicken
, Peachtree
, Mutual Of Omaha
, State Farm
, Microsoft


 SPECIALTIES


Management Consulting
, Short-Term Disability
, Estate Planning
, Stock
, Vision
, Estate Planning & Trusts
, Equipment
, Small Business Consulting
, Government
, Probate, Wills & Estates



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (303) 449-6125
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Financial Planning
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Aig Financial Advisors


1942 Broadway St Ste 314 Boulder, Colorado 80302




Sargent Bickham Assoc


1634 Walnut St Ste 301 Boulder, Colorado 80302




Marc Wehr


3230 47th St  Boulder, Colorado 80301




Net Worth Advisors Inc


1650 38th St Ste 207W Boulder, Colorado 80301




Siegel MO


1919 14th St  Boulder, Colorado 80302




Cap Advisors Llc


2960 Center Green Ct  Boulder, Colorado 80301





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Solomon  Halpern
Executive

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










 


Management Team - Golden Capital Management



















 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com






















Overview
History
Our Advantage
Management Team





Management Team
GCM operates independently of its parent company, Wells Fargo & Company. Our management team is comprised of experienced investment, client service, operations and compliance leaders, including GCM’s founders. The management team is responsible for managing all day-to-day activities of the firm.

Greg Golden, CFA
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Greg Golden founded GCM in March 1999. He oversees the strategic direction of the firm as its President and CEO and also serves as the lead portfolio manager for the Enhanced Large Cap and Small Cap Core strategies. Greg was Senior Vice President and Head of Structured Products for Bank of America prior to founding GCM, and he began his career in investment management in 1989 with Sovran Bank of Tennessee. Greg earned a B.B.A. in finance from Belmont University. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA North Carolina Society and the CFA Institute.

  
Jeff Moser, CFA
Chief Operating Officer
Jeff Moser founded GCM in March 1999. He oversees all business activities of the firm as its Chief Operating Officer and also serves as the lead portfolio manager for the Large Cap Core strategy. Jeff began his investment career in 1983 with Bank of America, where he served as Senior Vice President and Fund Manager. Jeff is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Wake Forest University with a B.S. in mathematics. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA North Carolina Society and the CFA Institute.


Jon Cangalosi, CIMA
Executive Vice President
Jon Cangalosi joined GCM in October 1999 and is one of the firm’s three principal employees. He oversees sales, marketing and client service initiatives for the firm and serves as the lead liaison between GCM and its clients. His investment career has included working for firms such as Alliance Capital, Fidelity Investments and Bank of America. Jon earned a B.A. in political science from Wake Forest University. He holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst designation (CIMA) and is a member of the Investment Management Consultants Association (IMCA) and the Association for Investment Management Sales Executives (AIMSE). 


Lynette Alexander
Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
Lynette Alexander joined GCM in August 2000, and she oversees portfolio accounting and performance measurement for the firm’s investment strategies, as well as the firm's financial accounting. Prior to joining GCM, she spent thirteen years at Bank of America, where she started her career as a systems analyst and advanced to Senior Vice President and Manager of Information Services for the investment group. Lynette earned a B.S. in mathematical science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 


  
Rob Carroll, J.D.
Chief Compliance Officer, Managing Director 
Rob Carroll joined GCM in May 2006, and he oversees legal and compliance matters for the firm. Prior to joining GCM, Rob built over fifteen years of experience in the investment management industry including his most recent position as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer for Stephens Investment Management Group. His prior positions include Associate General Counsel at Bank of America Corporation and Senior Special Counsel in the Division of Investment Management at the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (Washington, DC), and associate attorney at Steptoe & Johnson (Washington, DC). Rob earned a B.A. in economics from Dartmouth College and a J.D. from Duke University School of Law. He is a member of the Virginia and District of Columbia bar associations.





Independent Firm, Dependable Partner
GCM enjoys a strong partnership with Wells Fargo & Company, a global financial services leader.


Firm Ownership
Firm principals Greg Golden, Jeff Moser and Jon Cangalosi maintain a significant ownership stake in Golden Capital Management.


Consistency
Firm founders Greg Golden and Jeff Moser have managed strategies since GCM was founded in 1999.

















 


Golden Capital Management Services, Investment Advisory Services, Equity Management - Golden Capital Management

























 Golden Capital Management
Golden Capital Management

Contact Us:
P: 704-593-1144
E: info@gcm1.com








GCM 3rd Quarter 2016 Commentary
Golden Capital Q3 2016 Commentary
View Details


2015 SMA Manager of the Year Award
Wells Fargo Asset Management recognizes Golden Capital, recipient of 2015 SMA Manager of the Year Award.
View Details












Fundamentally Based, Quantitatively Executed
GCM is an investment advisory firm that offers domestic and international equity portfolios to individual investors and institutions of all sizes.  The firm is based in Charlotte, NC.To accommodate the investment requirements of a diverse client base, we offer a variety of investment strategies.  Our strategy lineup includes focused, enhanced index and conventional index portfolios.

Our advantage is rooted in proprietary stock selection models.  The models combine the thoroughness of a fundamental approach to research with the consistency accomplished through quantitative execution.  We utilize the models to identify stocks that we believe are likely to outperform their peers.



About the Logo

At GCM, we take seriously our responsibility as your investment advisor.  Our commitment to you is even represented in our logo.  The logo visualizes a client's overall portfolio as a pie chart, and the piece of that pie highlighted in the bottom right-hand corner represents the portion entrusted to us.  This serves as a reminder to us that each of our clients has his or her own story and investment objectives, and it emphasizes the importance of our obligation to each client.















 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


