





Team – NeuroMetrix















































Search













Management Team


Overview
Team
Careers
Directors
Contact Us
 









 
+



Shai N. Gozani M.D., Ph.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 






 
+



Thomas T. Higgins Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 






 
+



Frank McGillin Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 






 
+



Michael J. MacDonald Senior Vice President and General Manager, Diagnostics 






 
+



Xuan Kong, Ph.D. Chief Data Scientist 







Shai N. Gozani M.D., Ph.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Shai Gozani, founded NeuroMetrix, Inc. in 1996 as a spin-off from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Shai has led the Company from a venture capital backed start-up, through an initial public offering on Nasdaq, through development of a successful diagnostics business, and presently into the wearable technology sector. Over 2.5 million patients have benefited from the Company’s technology over the past 17 years.
Shai has published over 30 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has been awarded 25 US and international patents. He holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, a M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (Biomedical Engineering Focus) and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. Shai also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.




Thomas T. Higgins Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Higgins brings to NeuroMetrix a broad set of financial management and operations skills from his experience with publicly traded companies in life sciences, specialty chemicals and financial services. He has extensive international experience with a particular emphasis on Japan, Southeast Asia and the Middle East.
Prior to joining NeuroMetrix, Tom was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Caliper Life Sciences. Inc, a provider of technology and services for life sciences research. Before Caliper, Tom was Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Financial Officer at V.I. Technologies, Inc. (“Vitex”), a biotechnology company addressing blood safety. Before Vitex, Tom served at Cabot Corporation in various senior finance and operations roles. His last position at Cabot was President of Distrigas of Massachusetts Corporation, a subsidiary involved in the liquefied natural gas business, and prior to that he was responsible for Cabot’s Asia Pacific carbon black operations. Before joining Cabot, Tom was with PricewaterhouseCoopers where he started his career.
Tom holds a B.B.A. with honors from Boston University.




Frank McGillin Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Frank McGillin brings to NeuroMetrix over 20 years experience building successful, high-growth consumer brands most recently at Philips Oral Healthcare and at Johnson & Johnson.
At Philips Frank was responsible for building the global oral care business of Sonicare to become the #1 brand in the nearly $1 billion dollar US power toothbrush market. During his career he has launched over 50 new products and product upgrades and managed businesses across markets including diagnostic imaging, healthcare informatics, medical devices, dental and consumer technology.
Frank holds an MBA degree from Fordham University and a BS degree from Northeastern University.




Michael J. MacDonald Senior Vice President and General Manager, Diagnostics Mike MacDonald joined NeuroMetrix in 2000 and has held various marketing and sales positions in the company including Vice President of Marketing, Vice President of Healthcare Economics and Region Sales Manager. In his current role as General Manager, Mike is responsible for the marketing, sales and day to day management of the company’s diagnostic technologies.
Prior to joining NeuroMetrix, Mike held various marketing positions at Smith & Nephew Endoscopy, a world leader in minimally invasive surgical devices. Prior to Smith & Nephew, he served in multiple product management roles at Deknatel, Inc., a company specializing in the development of products for cardiovascular and other specialty surgery markets.
Mike holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Northeastern University.




Xuan Kong, Ph.D. Chief Data Scientist Xuan Kong joined the company in 1999. In his role of Chief Data Scientist, he leads the company’s data science initiative by leveraging the data assets collected from Company’s products to deliver personalized and clinically optimized pain relief and health experience for customers. In addition, he provides leadership and technology contributions for the Company's basic research and product development functions. Xuan also manages the Company's intellectual property portfolio. He has published numerous papers in leading signal processing, biomedical engineering, and clinical neurophysiology journals. Xuan has been awarded twenty U.S. and foreign patents.
Prior to joining the company, Xuan was a tenured associate professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering at Northern Illinois University (Dekalb, IL). As a principal investigator, he successfully led many federally and industrially funded projects in signal processing research and bio-electric signal analysis applications. 
Xuan received his Ph.D. from The Johns Hopkins University and MBA from Boston University. He is certified as professional risk manager by PRMIA. He is a senior member of IEEE and a member of Eta Kappa Nu and Beta Gamma Sigma.






















 






Q&A With NeuroMetrix CEO Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. | Medgadget






















































































 



 

















































 









 














































Q&A With NeuroMetrix CEO Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D.

August 8th, 2012  Shiv Gaglani Exclusive, Medicine, Pain Management, Rehab 

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


Yesterday we reported news of NeuroMetrix, a Waltham, MA company, receiving FDA clearance for its SENSUS transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulator for diabetic pain management.  We had a chance to speak with CEO and Director of Neurometrix, Shai Gozani, about the developments at the company and what are its goals for the future.
Shiv Gaglani, Medgadget: Can you describe the existing NeuroMetrix products (e.g. NC-stat and Sensus) & your pipeline? Are there any new problems you are looking to tackle?
Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D.: Thanks, Shiv. Let me first provide some background to the company and our products.
NeuroMetrix was founded in 1996 and has had FDA approved products on the market since 1999. Until recently, these products primarily consisted of medical devices used to perform nerve conduction tests at the point of care. Point of care nerve testing is a market that we created and one in which we had very good success until unfavorable changes in the reimbursement environment began to emerge around 2006.
After several years of working to address these market conditions, we changed the NeuroMetrix focus in mid-2010 from general purpose devices for nerve conduction tests (i.e. the ADVANCE System) to devices designed to specifically address diabetic peripheral neuropathy or DPN. This made strategic sense because the opportunity in the narrowly defined area of DPN was very large and attractive, we had extensive experience in this area, and the market for our general purpose products was contracting.
Nerve disease is the most common complication of diabetes and effects over 50% of people with diabetes. It can lead to problems with balance resulting in falls, and can lead to foot ulcers which can lead to amputation. These complications can be very costly to manage and adversely affect the quality of life of patients. The tools that are generally available to physicians to assess diabetes-related nerve disease are not sophisticated, rely on judgment for interpretation and do not provide quantitative information. They are only effective in detecting late stage disease when the foot has lost its protective sensation.
In late 2011, we launched our first diabetes product, NC-stat DPNCheck which is a rapid, accurate, quantitative device for assessing diabetic neuropathy at the point of care.  This hand held device is used to detect diabetic neuropathy at an early stage and to guide treatment. Since launch we have seen encouraging market reception in endocrinology and podiatry (our launch market) and increasingly in managed care and in retail health
Beyond NC-stat DPNCheck, we have an active R&D pipeline and are planning our next product launch for later this year. The product is named SENSUS™. It is a pain management device designed to provide non-pharmacological relief to chronic pain in the lower legs and feet. In fact, about 10-20% of people with diabetes have pain. SENSUS is an easy to use, wearable device that provides on-demand pain relief at the push of a button. It also tracks patient usage which is important to the physician’s assessment of effectiveness. We recently received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for SENSUS we hope to launch it in the fourth quarter of this year.
As you may be aware, diabetic peripheral neuropathy is often accompanied by severe foot pain.
Medgadget: The “5 million nerves tested” description on your site is great. About how many clinicians/patients have benefited from your products?
Over the past decade our products have been used to perform nerve conduction tests on nearly two million patients with over five million tests performed. These have ranged from tests directed at low back pain, carpal tunnel syndrome, cubital tunnel, diabetic peripheral neuropathy and other nerve disorders. The technology is well established. Our long history and experience has positioned us well to address diagnostic and therapeutic challenges in DPN.
 
Medgadget: What differentiated your products from those of competitors?
The most common tool used today in assessing diabetes-related nerve disease is the monofilament, a simple piece of plastic line which is pushed against the bottom of the foot in multiple locations to determine whether the patient has feeling. The results are qualitative rather than quantitative, the examination relies on technique, and the test is only effective at determining late-stage neuropathy, after the foot has lost protective sensation. At this point nerve deterioration has usually advanced to the point where defensive foot care is the only available option. By contrast, the NeuroMetrix NC-stat DPNCheck provides immediate, quantitative data that allows early identification on neuropathy.
In terms of pain management, SENSUS offers an on-demand medical device alternative to pharmacological products. It is non-addictive, dosing is easily regulated, and it avoids side effects often associated with drugs. Further, the device has the capability to track patient usage for review and evaluation by his physician.
 
Medgadget: Are you excited by any particular trends in healthcare and med tech?
We are encouraged by the trend in Medicare away from fee for service and increasingly toward the funding of capitated managed care plans. Under these plans the risk of rising patient health care costs is shifted to the private sector in exchange for an annual premium payment. These plans, in turn, place a high value on early identification of disease complications such as diabetic peripheral neuropathy which allows for early intervention to avoid the expensive treatment costs of foot ulcers and amputation in the future. NC-stat DPNCheck is an attractive tool in this emerging healthcare model.
 
Medgadget:  What is your background in medical technology? Is NeuroMetrix the first med tech company you’ve worked on?
Here is a brief biography:
Dr. Gozani founded NeuroMetrix in 1996 and currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to forming the company, Dr. Gozani completed a neurophysiology research fellowship in the laboratory of Dr. Gerald Fischbach at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Gozani holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, an M.S. degree in Biomedical Engineering and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.
Flashbacks: NeuroMetrix Sensus Diabetic Pain Management System; The NC-stat System for Non-Invasive Nerve Conduction Testing
Link: NeuroMetrix…












 




 




  Recent  posts 




CompuFlo Epidural Anesthesia System Measures Pressure at Needle's Tip, Cleared by FDA






Deep Learning Algorithm Diagnoses Schizophrenia from fMRI Scans






New, More Effective Flu Vaccine Delivered Using Dissolvable Microneedle Patch






New Way to Reprogram Macrophages Helps Immune System Kill Tumors






Embrace Neonatal MRI System Cleared to Stay Inside Neonatal ICUs



 

  interviews & reviews  




Hemopurifier Filters Ebola, Hep C, Metastatic Melanoma: Interview with James A. Joyce, CEO of Aethlon Medical






Podimetrics System Helps Prevent Diabetic Foot Ulcers: Interview






Evidence-Based Diagnostics for Mental Health Disorders: Interview with Jack Cosentino, CEO of Medibio






Penclic R2 Ergonomic Mouse Review: Comfortable, but Is It Enough?






Update from Westminster Health Forum: Next Steps for Medical Technologies, Devices, and Diagnostics



 

 


















 
 



At Medgadget we report on the latest medical technology news, interview leaders in the field, and file dispatches from medical events from around the world. 



 
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy
Submit press release
Advertise

 







                            © Medgadget, LLC.  2004-2017. All rights reserved. | The Medical Revolution Will Be Blogged.                        

















 







 
MED TECH THAT TRANSFORMS THE WORLDExclusive Medgadget news in your mailbox!


 


Your information will never be shared with any third party.


 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit HackerNews Google+ Email

















 









Board of Directors – NeuroMetrix















































Search













Board of Directors


Overview
Team
Careers
Directors
Contact Us
 









 
+



Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer 






 
+



Davie E. Goodman, M.D. Director 






 
+



Timothy R. Surgenor Director 






 
+



Nancy E. Katz Director 






 
+



David Van Avermaete Director 







Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Gozani founded NeuroMetrix, Inc. in 1996 as a spin-off from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gozani has led the Company from a venture capital backed start-up, through an initial public offering on Nasdaq, through development of a successful diagnostics business, and presently into the wearable technology sector.  Over 2.5 million patients have benefited from the Company’s technology over the past 15 years.
Dr. Gozani has published over 30 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has been awarded 25 US and international patents.  Dr. Gozani holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, a M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (Biomedical Engineering Focus) and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.




Davie E. Goodman, M.D. Director David E. Goodman, M.D. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since June 2004.
Since September 2008, Dr. Goodman has served as Executive Vice President of Business Development for Masimo Corporation, a manufacturer of non-invasive patient monitors. From 2006 to 2008, Dr. Goodman served as an independent consultant providing product design, regulatory and analytical consulting services to medical device and biopharmaceutical companies and also served in this capacity from 2003 to 2004 and from 2001 to 2002. From 2005 to 2006, Dr. Goodman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of BaroSense, Inc., a medical device company focused on developing minimally invasive devices for the long-term treatment of obesity. From 2004 to 2005, Dr. Goodman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Interventional Therapeutic Solutions, Inc., an implantable drug delivery systems company. From 2002 to 2003, Dr. Goodman served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pherin Pharmaceuticals, a pharmaceutical discovery and development company. From 1994 to 2001, Dr. Goodman held various positions, including Chief Executive Officer, Chief Medical Officer and director, for LifeMasters Supported SelfCare, Inc., a disease management services company that Dr. Goodman founded.
Dr. Goodman holds a B.A.S. in applied science and bioengineering and a M.S.E. in bioengineering from the University of Pennsylvania. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-M.I.T. Division of Health Sciences and Technology
Committees
Audit Committee
Compensation Committee




Timothy R. Surgenor Director Timothy R. Surgenor has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2009.
Since April 2009, Mr. Surgenor has been a partner at Red Sky Partners, LLC., a provider of growth and project financing strategies for life-science companies. From 2003 to 2009, Mr. Surgenor served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director of Cyberkinetics Neurotechnology Systems, a medical device company. From January 1999 to January 2003, Mr. Surgenor was Executive Vice President at Haemonetics Corporation, which is a medical device company. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Surgenor was President of Genzyme Tissue Repair, the cell therapy division of Genzyme Corporation. Previously, Mr. Surgenor was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BioSurface Technology, Inc. and also held various positions in operations at Integrated Genetics.
Mr. Surgenor received a B.A. in Biochemistry from Williams College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Committees
Audit Committee
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee




Nancy E. Katz Director Nancy E. Katz is a marketing innovator focused on diabetes care and with over twenty years of experience in the healthcare industry.
Since May 2011, Ms. Katz has served as Vice President, Consumer Marketing and Market Development at Medtronic, Inc., a medical technology company. From July 2005 to July 2010, Ms. Katz was Senior Vice President, Bayer Diabetes Care—North America. Prior to this position, she was President and Chief Executive Officer of Calypte Biomedical Corporation, a manufacturer of HIV diagnostics, President of Zila Pharmaceutical, Inc, a manufacturer of oral care products, and held senior marketing positions with the Lifescan division of Johnson & Johnson (blood glucose diabetes products), Schering-Plough Healthcare Products, and with American Home Products. She has previously served on the Boards of Directors of Neoprobe Corporation (AMEX: NEOP), Calypte Biomedical Corporation, LXN Corporation and Pepgen Corporation.
She received a B.S. in Business from the University of South Florida.
Committees
Audit Committee




David Van Avermaete Director David Van Avermaete has over 30 years of experience in medical devices, including 22 years in the diabetes field, with specific expertise in consumer healthcare marketing and sales, including retail/pharmacy distribution, large scale customer service, physician recommendations and hospital-based marketing.
He is a former US president of the LifeScan division of Johnson & Johnson who, during his 13 year tenure, grew annual sales from under $100 million to over $1.0B developing the business into one of J&J's most successful and profitable consumer/professional healthcare divisions. More recently, he was the founder and CEO of VeraLight, a medical device company established in 2004 to focus on non-invasive screening for type 2 diabetes, and recently sold to Miraculins, Inc. Mr. Van Avermaete has also held leadership positions in sales and marketing with several device companies including Biotope, Roche Diagnostics, and Syntex Medical Diagnostics.
Mr. Van Avermaete holds a Master of Business Administration and a Master of Science Degree in Microbiology from the University of Arizona and a Bachelor of Science Degree in medical technology and chemistry from Ball State University.




























Board of Directors – NeuroMetrix















































Search













Board of Directors


Overview
Team
Careers
Directors
Contact Us
 









 
+



Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer 






 
+



Davie E. Goodman, M.D. Director 






 
+



Timothy R. Surgenor Director 






 
+



Nancy E. Katz Director 






 
+



David Van Avermaete Director 







Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Gozani founded NeuroMetrix, Inc. in 1996 as a spin-off from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gozani has led the Company from a venture capital backed start-up, through an initial public offering on Nasdaq, through development of a successful diagnostics business, and presently into the wearable technology sector.  Over 2.5 million patients have benefited from the Company’s technology over the past 15 years.
Dr. Gozani has published over 30 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has been awarded 25 US and international patents.  Dr. Gozani holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, a M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (Biomedical Engineering Focus) and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.




Davie E. Goodman, M.D. Director David E. Goodman, M.D. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since June 2004.
Since September 2008, Dr. Goodman has served as Executive Vice President of Business Development for Masimo Corporation, a manufacturer of non-invasive patient monitors. From 2006 to 2008, Dr. Goodman served as an independent consultant providing product design, regulatory and analytical consulting services to medical device and biopharmaceutical companies and also served in this capacity from 2003 to 2004 and from 2001 to 2002. From 2005 to 2006, Dr. Goodman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of BaroSense, Inc., a medical device company focused on developing minimally invasive devices for the long-term treatment of obesity. From 2004 to 2005, Dr. Goodman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Interventional Therapeutic Solutions, Inc., an implantable drug delivery systems company. From 2002 to 2003, Dr. Goodman served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pherin Pharmaceuticals, a pharmaceutical discovery and development company. From 1994 to 2001, Dr. Goodman held various positions, including Chief Executive Officer, Chief Medical Officer and director, for LifeMasters Supported SelfCare, Inc., a disease management services company that Dr. Goodman founded.
Dr. Goodman holds a B.A.S. in applied science and bioengineering and a M.S.E. in bioengineering from the University of Pennsylvania. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-M.I.T. Division of Health Sciences and Technology
Committees
Audit Committee
Compensation Committee




Timothy R. Surgenor Director Timothy R. Surgenor has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2009.
Since April 2009, Mr. Surgenor has been a partner at Red Sky Partners, LLC., a provider of growth and project financing strategies for life-science companies. From 2003 to 2009, Mr. Surgenor served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director of Cyberkinetics Neurotechnology Systems, a medical device company. From January 1999 to January 2003, Mr. Surgenor was Executive Vice President at Haemonetics Corporation, which is a medical device company. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Surgenor was President of Genzyme Tissue Repair, the cell therapy division of Genzyme Corporation. Previously, Mr. Surgenor was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BioSurface Technology, Inc. and also held various positions in operations at Integrated Genetics.
Mr. Surgenor received a B.A. in Biochemistry from Williams College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Committees
Audit Committee
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee




Nancy E. Katz Director Nancy E. Katz is a marketing innovator focused on diabetes care and with over twenty years of experience in the healthcare industry.
Since May 2011, Ms. Katz has served as Vice President, Consumer Marketing and Market Development at Medtronic, Inc., a medical technology company. From July 2005 to July 2010, Ms. Katz was Senior Vice President, Bayer Diabetes Care—North America. Prior to this position, she was President and Chief Executive Officer of Calypte Biomedical Corporation, a manufacturer of HIV diagnostics, President of Zila Pharmaceutical, Inc, a manufacturer of oral care products, and held senior marketing positions with the Lifescan division of Johnson & Johnson (blood glucose diabetes products), Schering-Plough Healthcare Products, and with American Home Products. She has previously served on the Boards of Directors of Neoprobe Corporation (AMEX: NEOP), Calypte Biomedical Corporation, LXN Corporation and Pepgen Corporation.
She received a B.S. in Business from the University of South Florida.
Committees
Audit Committee




David Van Avermaete Director David Van Avermaete has over 30 years of experience in medical devices, including 22 years in the diabetes field, with specific expertise in consumer healthcare marketing and sales, including retail/pharmacy distribution, large scale customer service, physician recommendations and hospital-based marketing.
He is a former US president of the LifeScan division of Johnson & Johnson who, during his 13 year tenure, grew annual sales from under $100 million to over $1.0B developing the business into one of J&J's most successful and profitable consumer/professional healthcare divisions. More recently, he was the founder and CEO of VeraLight, a medical device company established in 2004 to focus on non-invasive screening for type 2 diabetes, and recently sold to Miraculins, Inc. Mr. Van Avermaete has also held leadership positions in sales and marketing with several device companies including Biotope, Roche Diagnostics, and Syntex Medical Diagnostics.
Mr. Van Avermaete holds a Master of Business Administration and a Master of Science Degree in Microbiology from the University of Arizona and a Bachelor of Science Degree in medical technology and chemistry from Ball State University.































Shai Gozani, MD, PhD | Center For Connected Health Symposium


























Skip to main content







Navigation LinksHomePartners HealthCare Connected Health SiteMain Partners HealthCare Site 


Top Right Navigation LinksConnected Health NewsletterContact Us 
 






 







            October            20-21          

            Boston,
            MA          



 










 

Home > Speakers > Shai Gozani, MD, PhD 









Shai Gozani, MD, PhD





President and CEO, NeurometrixShai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. founded NeuroMetrix, Inc. in 1996 as a spin-off from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. NeuroMetrix is a publicly traded (Nasdaq:NURO) medical technology company that develops innovative wearable technology and point-of-care neurodiagnostic devices.  The company’s latest innovation is Quell, an OTC wearable technology for the management of chronic pain.
The Company’s products are used all over the world to help physicians and patients better manage chronic pain, neurological diseases, and sleep disorders. Over 2.5 million patients have benefited from the Company’s technology over the past 19 years. Dr. Gozani has led the Company from a venture capital backed start-up, through an initial public offering on Nasdaq, through development of a successful diagnostics business, and presently into the wearable technology sector. Dr. Gozani currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gozani has published over 30 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has been awarded 25 US and international patents.
Dr. Gozani holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (Biomedical Engineering Focus) and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.
Follow Shai on Twitter: @gozani
See Shai speak at the New Wearables for Health & Wellness--Monitoring & Therapy Panel, Thursday, October 20, 2:55pm – Waterfront Room
 



 


















 





Symposium News

October 20, 2016: Partners Connected Health Symposium to Merge with PCHAlliance Connected Health Conference in 2017
	The 2017 Connected Health Conference will take place October 26-27, Boston Seaport World Trade Center. Learn more!
October 21, 2016: Is Pharma Ready to Realize the Value of mHealth?
	mHealth Intelligence
October 19, 2016: Connected Health Symposium Showcases innovation in Wearables and Other Techologies
	MedTech Boston
 




Thank you!


	Thank you to our speakers, sponsors, exhibitors and attendees for making Symposium 2016 our best ever!
View sessions from the main stage




Check out latest innovation in the Expo Hall! 


THANK YOU TO OUR 2016 SYMPOSIUM SPONSORS!!
Sponsor and Exhibit opportunities for 2016 
2016 Attendee Demographics and Exhibitor Prospectus
2016 Exhibit Hall Floor Plan
Symposium & Venue Map
 




Book Signings

Several of our standing speakers will be holding book signings during the Symposium. Learn more!




6th Annual Innovators Challenge

Ten innovators were selected to demo their game-changing technologies live on the Main Stage - See who presented at Symposium 2016!




Partners Connected Health Fit Mind Challenge

The Fit Mind: Supporting Cognitive Function as We Age 
Innovation Challenge with Partners Connected Health, MedTech Boston and Medstro
Pitch-Off takes place live on main stage at the Symposium Thurs., Oct. 20. 
Learn more.
Sponsored by: 





Not to be Missed at this Year's Symposium

Dr. Joe Kvedar talks about exciting opportunties to participate in this year's Symposium.
        




2nd Annual JMIR Poster Session

Back for 2016! Poster session in collaboration with the Journal of Medical Internet Research


Learn more.




Partners Connected Health Newsletter


 




Pathable - Learn. Network. Connect. 

If you are attending the Symposium in October, please join our Symposium app and online community on Pathable! Set up your profile and start networking NOW with Speakers and other attendees!


 
 

  








Learn more about Quell and NeuroMetrix



















































About Us

Pioneering wearable relief.
Quell was created by a group of scientists and technologists at NeuroMetrix, Inc. NURO (NASDAQ) who have spent over 15 years developing patented diagnostic technology and innovative wearable therapy solutions for people suffering from chronic pain and sleep disorders. Until now these solutions have been reserved for prescription through a healthcare professional. NeuroMetrix is committed to empowering people to regain a high quality of life. By working closely with clinicians and combining novel neurotechnology plus innovative design, NeuroMetrix brings high-tech, high quality solutions to your home.
We believe that life shouldn’t be defined by a condition. We believe that no one should have to settle for crippling side effects and we imagine a future where therapies are accessible, available and usable for anyone who needs it.
News & Articles
 
 
About our management team.
 
SHAI N. GOZANI, M.D., PH.D.
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Shai N. Gozani, M.D., Ph.D. founded NeuroMetrix, Inc. in 1996 as a spin-off from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. NeuroMetrix is a publicly traded (Nasdaq:NURO) medical technology company that develops innovative wearable technology and point-of-care neurodiagnostic devices.
The Company’s products are used all over the world to help physicians and patients better manage chronic pain, neurological diseases, and sleep disorders. Over 2.5 million patients have benefited from the Company’s technology over the past 19 years. Dr. Gozani has led the Company from a venture capital backed start-up, through an initial public offering on Nasdaq, through development of a successful diagnostics business, and presently into the wearable technology sector. Dr. Gozani currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gozani has published over 30 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has been awarded 25 US and international patents.
Dr. Gozani holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (Biomedical Engineering Focus) and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.
 
 
THOMAS T. HIGGINS
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Mr. Higgins contributes a broad set of financial management and operations skills from his CFO experience with publicly traded companies in multiple industries such as life sciences, specialty chemicals and financial services. He has extensive international experience with a particular emphasis on Japan, Southeast Asia and the Middle East.
Mr. Higgins started his career with PricewaterhouseCoopers and holds a B.B.A. with honors from Boston University.
 
 
FRANK MCGILLIN
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL MANAGER, CONSUMER HEALTH
Mr. McGillin brings over 20 years of experience building successful, high-growth consumer brands most recently at Philips Oral Healthcare and at Johnson & Johnson.
At Philips Mr. McGillin was responsible for building the global oral care business of Sonicare becoming the #1 brand in the nearly $1 billion dollar US power toothbrush market. During his career at Philips and Johnson & Johnson, he launched over 50 new products and product upgrades and managed businesses across markets including diagnostic imaging, healthcare informatics, medical devices, dental and consumer technology.
Mr. McGillin holds an M.B.A. from Fordham University and a B.S. from Northeastern University.
 
 
MICHAEL J. MACDONALD
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT OF COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS
Mr. MacDonald joined the company in September 2000 and has held several marketing and sales positions including Vice President of Marketing, Vice President of Healthcare Economics, Director of Marketing and Region Sales Manager.
Mr. MacDonald previously held various marketing positions at Smith & Nephew Endoscopy, a world leader in minimally invasive surgical devices and at Deknatel, Inc., a company specializing in the development of products for cardiovascular and other specialty surgery markets.
Mr. MacDonald holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Northeastern University.
 
 
XUAN KONG, PH.D.
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Dr. Kong joined the company in 1999. In his role of SVP Research and Intellectual Property, he provides leadership for the Company’s internal and external basic research functions. He manages the Company’s intellectual property portfolio and is responsible for evaluation and licensing of outside intellectual property for the development of diabetic neuropathy related products.
Prior to joining the company, Dr. Kong was a tenured associate professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering at Northern Illinois University (Dekalb, IL). As a principal investigator, he successfully led many federally and industrially funded projects in signal processing research and bio- electric signal analysis applications. He has published numerous papers in leading signal processing, biomedical engineering, and clinical neurophysiology journals.
Dr. Kong received his Ph.D. from The Johns Hopkins University and M.B.A. from Boston University. He is certified as professional risk manager by PRMIA. He is a senior member of IEEE and a member of Eta Kappa Nu and Beta Gamma Sigma.


New titleNeed troubleshooting help?It's right hereLooking for more clinical and scientific information?Start here Any Questions?We're here for you.Get in touch with usor call 800.204.6577 Try Quell for yourselfIt's risk free with our 60 day money back guaranteeShop 




















Please sign up for the latest information
 and special offers from Quell



No thanks
















Please sign up for the latest information and special offers from Quell























Shai N. Gozani - IoT Now - How to run an IoT enabled business



















































About IoT Now
Our Authors
Our Editorial Advisors
Contact Us
 




Log in
Register




























Twitter Google+ Linkedin You Tube











You are here:

Home
Posts tagged 'Shai N. Gozani ' 




News tagged: Shai N. Gozani





30 November, 2016


NeuroMetrix receives CE mark certification for Quell wearable pain relief device
NeuroMetrix, Inc. announced that the CE (Conformité Européenne) Certificate for Quell® has been received from TŰV SŰD Product Service GmbH, which is one of the Notified Bodies responsible for reviewing and approving new products. (more…)






Not many results for this tag?
Please try a search?


Search for:



 










 

 

 

  

 



 

 
        
    



IoT Now digital edition 





In the latest issue



Aeris’ Syed Hosain tells IoT Now why IoT offerings should be secured at the design stage instead of attempting to add security to systems once they’re in deployment
George Malim accepts that total security can’t be achieved but goes in search of the balance between risks, costs and liabilities
IoT Now publishes it’s first Enterprise Buyer’s Guide which explores how to select the right IoT platform for your deployment














IoT Videos





The Highlights from M2M/IoT Forum CE 2017
28 April, 2017 by  IoT Now Magazine 


5G? Do me a favour!
AT&T – From Concept to Creation: Importance of Developers in the IoT Landscape
Numerex’s CEO Marc Zionts talks IoT



IoT Now Sections



Blogs
IoT Events
IoT Now Magazine
IoT News
Videos
Reports
Hot List
Contributors






 




 




The latest headlines:
Five reasons for digital retail walletsSabio announces the acquisition of DatapointEurope 

















Close

Enter the site



Login



Password





Remember me



Forgot password?



Login








 



























   Shai Gozani | NeuroMetrix , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com



Entrepreneur of the Week: Shai Gozani, MD, PhD, NeuroMetrix | The Longevity Network




































































The Longevity









Exclusives
 




Entrepreneur of the Week: Shai Gozani, MD, PhD, NeuroMetrix


December 21, 2016
|
Entrepreneur Spotlight



   


 NeuroMetrix develops wearable medical technology and point-of-care tests for management of chronic pain, nerve diseases, and sleep disorders.
We spoke with President and CEO Shai Gozani, MD, PhD about NeuroMetrix and the opportunities they see in the 50+ market.
Longevity Network: What does Quell, the company, do?
Shai Gozani: The company name is actually NeuroMetrix, and we are a commercial stage, innovation driven healthcare company combining bioelectrical and digital medicine to address chronic health conditions including chronic pain, sleep disorders, and diabetes. The company’s lead product is Quell®, an over-the-counter wearable therapeutic device for chronic pain.  The company also markets DPNCheck®, a rapid point-of-care test for diabetic neuropathy, which is the most common long-term complication of Type 2 diabetes.
LN: Can you tell us about your products and how they work? 
SG: Quell is a wearable device to treat chronic pain.  It is lightweight and can be worn during the day while active, and at night while sleeping.  It has been cleared by the FDA for treatment of chronic pain without a prescription.  At its core, it is a high powered neurostimulator that electrically activates the body’s ability to decrease pain perception through release of endogenous pain modulators called enkephalins.   In a recent study, 81% of Quell users reported an improvement in their chronic pain and two-thirds reported reduced use of pain medications.  Quell seeks to go beyond its direct analgesic benefits towards precision medicine.  It does this by tracking biometric and health parameters such as sleep, activity, gait, and pain to improve the user’s understanding of their chronic pain and its impact on their health, and importantly, the reciprocal influence of their behaviors, such as how much they sleep, on their chronic pain.  The data is presented to the user in the Quell smartphone app and is also aggregated in the Quell Health Cloud.  Quell users can also start, stop, and adjust therapy discreetly via the Quell app.
LN: What opportunity did you want to address with the development of your wearable technology?
SG: There are over 100M Americans and 1.5B people worldwide with chronic pain.  The US spends $600B annually on the direct and indirect costs of chronic pain, yet more than half of pain sufferers report inadequate pain control.  Moreover, many people in chronic pain have poor sleep, low levels of activity, anxiety, depression and generally poor health.  We set out to develop a wearable device that would both directly reduce pain through neurostimulation and also help our users manage their overall health using digital medicine technology such as sleep and activity monitoring with smartphone and cloud integration.
LN: Who are your primary users? How do your products benefit the 50+ population?
SG: Our primary users are people in chronic pain who are seeking to manage their chronic pain using fewer pain medications.  Our typical user is over the age of 40, has a college education and has an active lifestyle that they are trying to maintain.  Quell is ideal for the 50+ population that is seeking to maintain a high quality of life with fewer medications.  Moreover, the integrated health monitoring technology helps our users evaluate and optimize their sleep, activity, gait and other metrics.
LN: How did you assemble your team?
SG: Carefully!  We try to hire people who are passionate about our mission.  Our employees are truly excited by the opportunity to develop, manufacture, market and support leading medical technology that improves the lives of our customers.   We have a flat organizational structure so we hire self-starters who are not afraid to be put into key roles regardless of their prior experience.
LN: How has Quell the company differed from what you envisioned it would be (if at all)?
SG: I never thought that one day our products would be available on Amazon and on the shelves of leading retailers such as Target and CVS.  When we started we were entirely focused on the professional health care market, developing and selling products to physicians and health care systems.  We evolved into our present direct-to-consumer products and effort partially out of necessity and partially out of seeing a great opportunity to directly educate and engage consumers with chronic pain.
LN: What do you wish you had known before developing your products?
SG: I wish we had a better understanding of the challenges of high volume, low cost manufacturing.  I have come to learn that manufacturing is really an extension of product development and design for manufacturability is not just a buzz word.  I now believe that manufacturing expertise and input is essential at the earliest stages of product development to ensure that the eventual product can be manufactured so as to minimize cost while maximizing reliability and quality.  This cannot be achieved by simply handing over a product design to a third-party manufacturing team, no matter how good that team is.  That internal or external manufacturing partner needs to be involved from the beginning.
LN: What most excites you about the aging and or health technology market?
SG: The aging or older adult market is exciting for multiple reasons.  First, it is a large and growing market.  More importantly, the individuals making up this market have every intention of remaining healthy and active, with a high quality of life, as long as possible.  They are much more technology savvy then they are given credit and are looking for technology solutions to help them maintain the life and goals they aspire to achieve.
LN: What is your best piece of advice for startups who want to include or target the 50+ market?
SG: You have to truly understand the lives of individuals in this age group.  What chronic health conditions, such as pain, are they dealing with and how?  What are their quality of life aspirations?  How do they want to live?  I find that most wearable technology is designed by and for young adults to optimize their fitness levels.  These products are mostly vanity products.  This is not to say that they are not important or useful, but to truly touch the lives of older adults you have to understand both health and disease, because they are intertwined.  Because of this I recommend that startups targeting the 50+ market understand and accept the fact that their products may very well be regulated by the FDA and similar agencies in other countries, and they should develop the expertise to address these challenges early in their development because they impact the company culture and mission in fundamental ways.
LN: Do you have any other products in development?
SG: At this time, we are narrowly focused on continual improvement in the Quell technology.
LN: Where do you see Quell five years from now?
SG: We are looking to continue improving Quell, making it more effective, with expanded clinical indications, and even more sophisticated.
LN: What health or wellness technology do you hope exists by the time you retire?
SG: I have no plans to retire!  I actually don’t think in those terms and remain focused on building great solutions for people today – whether retired or not.
LN: Is there anything else you’d like to share?
SG: I want to encourage the bright motivated entrepreneurs to apply themselves to the older adult market and chronic disease, even though it may not seem like the most intuitive space for them.  The bulk of our national health care spending is on this age group and the potential impact on lives and the economy is massive.



Shai N. Gozani, MD, PhD founded NeuroMetrix, Inc. in 1996 as a spin-off from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. NeuroMetrix is a publicly traded (Nasdaq:NURO) medical technology company that develops innovative wearable technology and point-of-care neurodiagnostic devices. The Company’s products are used all over the world to help physicians and patients better manage chronic pain, neurological diseases, and sleep disorders. Over 2.5 million patients have benefited from the Company’s technology over the past 15 years. Dr. Gozani has led the Company from a venture capital backed start-up, through an initial public offering on Nasdaq, through development of a successful diagnostics business, and presently into the wearable technology sector. Dr. Gozani currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors and as President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Gozani has published over 30 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has been awarded 25 US and international patents. Dr. Gozani holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science, an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (Biomedical Engineering Focus) and a Ph.D. in Neurobiology, from the University of California, Berkeley. He also received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at M.I.T.
To learn more about NeuroMetrix, visit their website.



 





Related News





Entrepreneur of the Week: Dr. Alison Darcy, Woebot Labs, Inc.






Entrepreneur of the Week: Thomas Goetz, Co-founder & CEO, Iodine






Entrepreneur of the Week: Jay Newton-Small, MemoryWell








Social Feed
@TwitterDev



 

Trending Tags

innovate explore startups wearables digital health monitoring app telehealth aging in place future of health care telemedicine funding Caregiving devices invest 
 

Categories

Smart AgingBehavioral HealthCare GuidanceDiet & NutritionSafe LivingMedication ManagementPhysical FitnessSocial EngagementNew Care DeliveryDaily Essential ActivitiesHealth and Safety AwarenessCare CoordinationTransition SupportSocial Well-beingCaregiver Quality of Life 
 

Recent News

   Report: Digital Health Fitness Remains a Robust Sector, Often Remotely 2 days ago
     4 Veterans of FinTech “Company Building” Launch Lab for Digital Health Startups 2 days ago
     5 New Digital Health Tools for Better Health and Nutrition 3 days ago
 













 








NeuroMetrix's (NURO) CEO Shai Gozani on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»NeuroMetrix's (NURO) CEO Shai Gozani on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.20.17 | About: NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NURO) NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NURO)
Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
July 20, 2017, 08:00 AM ET
Executives
Thomas Higgins - SVP & CFO
Shai Gozani - President & CEO
Analysts
Jared Cohen - JM Cowen & Company
Yi Chen - H.C. Wainwright
Operator
Good morning and welcome to the NeuroMetrix's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. My name is Nova and I will be your moderator on the call. NeuroMetrix is a commercial stage, innovation driven healthcare company combining neurostimulation and digital medicine to address chronic health conditions including chronic pain, sleep disorders, and diabetes. The company is located in Waltham, Massachusetts.
On this call, the company may make statements which are not historical facts, and are considered forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are predictive in nature, that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions are forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect current views of NeuroMetrix about future results of operations and other forward-looking information. You should not rely on forward-looking statements because actual results may differ materially as a result of a number of important factors, including those set forth in the earnings release issued earlier today.
Please refer to the risks and uncertainties, including the factors described under the heading Risk Factors in the company's periodic filings with the SEC, available on the company's Investor Relations website at NeuroMetrix.com, and on the SEC's website at SEC.gov. NeuroMetrix does not intend to and undertakes no duty to update the information disclosed on this conference call.
I'd now like to introduce the NeuroMetrix Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Thomas Higgins. Mr. Higgins?
Thomas Higgins
Thank you, Nova. I'm joined on the call by Dr. Shai Gozani, our President and Chief Executive Officer and we appreciate your participation in this quarterly review. For those of you who are new, NeuroMetrix operates in two markets, wearable therapeutics and point-of-care diagnostics. Our proprietary platform technologies in both markets are based on expertise accumulated over two decades in precision neurostimulation to achieve a therapeutic or a diagnostic result.
Our markets are large. Our primary product Quell, which is an over-the-counter wearable device for the millions of people suffering from chronic pain has an addressable U.S. market of about 20 million by our estimation. OUS would be at least that large. DPNCheck, our test for diabetic nerve disease, addresses a medical condition of about half of diabetics representing about 5% of the U.S. population or about 15 million persons.
The financial focus of NeuroMetrix is on topline revenue growth and on cash management as reflected in quarterly net cash usage. Q2 was a good quarter for the company. Topline revenue of $4.3 million was up 63% year-on-year and slightly higher sequentially from Q1. Quarterly net cash usage of $3.3 million was lower by 22% from $4.3 million in Q2 of last year and was also down about 2% or nearly $100,000 sequentially.
The revenue increase and reduced cash usage were achieved while maintaining the pace of Quell product development in R&D and while increasing our brand investment in advertising, both of which ultimately strengthened our competitive position and are essential to business capable growth over the long-term.
Turning to our principal product lines, we measure Quell progress based on devices placed and invoiced value of shipments. In Q2 devices placed totaled 20,110 and invoiced shipments totaled 4.4 million, both up 8% sequentially from Q1 2017. This marked the eighth consecutive growth quarter for Quell starting with its commercial launch in mid 2015.

Quell GAAP revenue was $3 million up 83% from the prior year and essentially flat with Q1 of 2017. It constituted about 70% of total company revenue. Electrode reorders totaled 30.7K sleeves, approximately 3× 10.2K electrode sleeves we shipped in the year ago quarter. The sequential quarter growth rate from Q1 of this year was 21%. Deferred Quell sales which were anticipated to convert to future GAAP revenue were approximately $1.5 million and this was up from $1.2 million at the end of Q1 of this year. These amounts are net of estimated returns.
Now, DPNCheck. DPNCheck contributed 814,000 in the quarter. This was up 78% year-on-year and essentially flat with Q1 of this year. The product line constituted 19% of total revenue. In the second quarter we saw continuation of strong Q1 demand in our U.S. Medicare Advantage business. OUS orders were light in the second quarter and these are historically lumpy and primarily from our distributors in Asia and Mexico. We anticipate strengthening OUS in the second half of this year which should compensate for any seasonal effects in Medicare Advantage. Overall DPNCheck is on track for a strong full year growth.
Our legacy products, primarily ADVANCE diagnostics tests are managed for cash and are not actively marketed and these contributed the remaining $400,000 of revenue or about 11% of the total.
Moving down to our gross margin, it was $1.7 million a rate of just under 39% and this compared with $1.1 million gross margin or a rate of about 41% in Q2 a year ago. We recorded an increased weighting of Quell sales in total revenue and within Quell a shift in mix toward retail distributors and QVC. Retail and QVC sales carry lower average sales price and consequently lower margins.
Operating expenses totaled $5 million down 4% from $5.2 million in the year ago quarter. R&D spending of $878,000 decreased by about $250,000, reflecting lower outside engineering costs. Sales and marketing spending of $2.9 million increased by about $90,000 and this encompassed higher TV advertising costs offset by savings from reduced sales headcount. G&A spending of $1.2 million was essentially flat.
Our net loss for the quarter declined to $3.2 million versus $4.1 million in Q2 of last year. Our net cash usage of $3.3 million continued the downward trend from a peak of $4.2 million in Q2 of 2016. We ended the quarter with $3.6 million in cash. After quarter end we strengthened our balance sheet by signing a $7 million private placement and funded the first of two $3.5 million tranches. So those are the financial highlights.
In summary, strong year-on-year revenue growth in both product lines. Quell continues to maintain the upward trend in it skewed metrics and quarterly cash usage continue to trend down.
Now Dr. Gozani will comment on our business and strategy.
Shai Gozani
Thank you, Tom. I will focus my comments on Quell, which is our primary growth driver. We believe that Quell is well-positioned to address unmet needs in the $20 billion global market for devices and drugs to treat chronic pain. In the U.S. alone there are over 100 million people with chronic pain. I'll address the following five aspects of our Quell effort. First will be our advertising strategy, the development of the retail channel, third will be strategic partnerships, fourth R&D and five digital health.
First with respect to our advertising strategy. We are still in the early stages of building national awareness for Quell with verbal pain relief technology within the chronic pain community. Our current market penetration is only about 0.5% of estimated attainable market of 20 million U.S. consumers. We are working toward reaching a tipping point where viral marketing within the chronic pain community will generate an upward sales inflection and we are starting to see more and more peer to peer marketing. However at this early stage of commercialization we still recognize that most sales will be generated by direct advertising. As a result, a substantial portion of our sales and marketing spend is devoted to building awareness primarily through TV and online advertising.

We continue to believe that the most effective way to reach our core audience is through TV advertising. Therefore, since the second quarter of 2016 we have been investing in TV promotions. Our most common approach is 30-second spots on national cable news channels; however we will also utilize other channels that match our customer demographics and characteristics and we expect to continue a similar level of TV promotion throughout the balance of this year.
We also recently developed an impactful new commercial which we will launch in the near term. In addition to our own TV advertising efforts we continue to effectively partner with QVC. Their customers are interested in novel health products and we had strong sales on QVC during the second quarter.
Digital marketing is also an important component of our advertising strategy and it represents about quarter of our advertising spend. Our digital marketing strategy consists primarily of paid search through Google and online advertising including social media sites such as Facebook. And then in addition to TV and digital marketing we've also found that radio advertising is cost effective.
In building the retail channel we believe that the availability of Quell in top retail outlets is important to the growth of the brand. The association of Quell with premium U.S. retailers enhances its credibility and the convenience of in-store access is important to many of our customers. Therefore, we continue to invest in developing this channel. We're also recognizing and managing the challenges inherent in retail. These include lower margins and deferred revenue recognition.
Quell is available in about 2600 retail stores among Target, CVS, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond and several others. The breadth of retail outlets carrying Quell confirms the Quell value proposition extends beyond pharmacies, et cetera, nontraditional consumer health settings. We believe this is consistent with a secular trend towards increased consumer control over healthcare decisions in purchasing.
With respect to strategic partnerships, the U.S. consumer health market is the largest in the world we intend to directly build Quell into a premium high value consumer brand under NeuroMetrix's ownership. At the same time we also see opportunities for Quell outside the U.S. There are 1.5 billion people worldwide with chronic pain. We now have regulatory clearance for marketing in Canada, the EU and Australia. We are most likely going to tap into OUS opportunities through distribution and licensing partnerships and our strategy is still evolving here. Although we are engaged in several ongoing discussions, these agreements take time and must be entered into carefully to yield both near term and long term value.
On the R&D front, the core strength in NeuroMetrix is research and development and ability to rapidly innovate. I believe we have the most advanced engineering team and technology in the wearable nerve stimulation sector. Our focus is to expand in our existing competitive advantages and establish a foundation for long-term growth. We typically target major product launches for the Consumer Electronics Show known as CES in January. In fact we announced our second-generation Quell device at the CES meeting this past January. This device provides enhanced personalization, automation, battery life, and health tracking. This started shipping in the middle of the first quarter.
We are currently developing a novel third generation device that we expect to launch in early 2018. We believe this device will both drive accelerated growth and substantially enhance the profitability of the Quell business. We are committed to conducting clinical studies that build the credibility of the Quell technology and enhance our understanding of the mechanism of action and clinical efficacy. We have two studies that have recently completed and have presented results are in the data analysis phase, and two additional studies are still enrolling subjects. We expect to see additional data readouts in the second half of this year.

We are also focused on building our IP position. Two new Quell U.S. utility patents were issues in the second quarter and we have many patent applications at various stages of review both in the U.S. and internationally.
Now Quell and digital health. An underappreciated aspect of the Quell system is in addition to being a neurotherapeutic it is also a digital health solution for chronic pain. Chronic pain is a disease onto itself that goes beyond the direct experience of pain to impact all aspects of the sufferers life including their sleep quality, activity levels and mental health and thus leads to poor overall health. Effectively managing chronic pain requires a broad view of the patient's overall health.
Quell is uniquely designed to provide this holistic approach to pain management through tracking of objective health metrics such as sleep and activity and subjective outcomes such as pain and mood. The data and related health insights are presented to the user via the Quell App and stored and synthesized in the Quell Health Cloud. We already have over 30,000 users that have created Quell Health Cloud accounts.
We are just starting to tap into the tremendous potential of this rapidly growing database which may very well be the largest chronic pain database in the world. We intend to use sophisticated analytical methods to better understand each user's pain and health and thereby offer them personalized insights to optimize their use of Quell and to decrease their pain and its impact on their life.
We expect to present new results in these analyses at medical conferences in the third and fourth quarters of this year. We believe that these types of services will create long-term loyal customers that will form the foundation of for long and profitable consumer health brand.
And that constitutes our prepared comments. We will be happy to take questions at this point.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jared Cohen of Cohen and Company. Jared, your line is open.
Jared Cohen
Oh yean, thank you. Just going to what you said about the different types of users, because the thing I'm most interested in is the reorder rate of electrodes, do you find that it's the people who the most severe people of chronic pain or the ones who reorder the most are for the electrodes? I guess that's my question.
Shai Gozani
Thank you for your question, Jared. We – I don’t have a quantitative answer to give you there. We’ve not done that specific form of analysis yet. That being said, it wouldn’t make sense, but we have not specifically analyzed the Quell Health Cloud from that perspective. One of the reasons for that is we don’t have - we have a lot of information about the individual, their use of the device, but we don’t see electrode reorders through the Quell Health Cloud. And given that most people are now buying it, the electrodes through Amazon or retail or various channels, we don’t necessarily have the ability to track reorders.
Jared Cohen
Okay, because I was just trying to understand or see how you understand or what would stimulate more reorder use, all right.
Shai Gozani
Yes. Well, I think, yeah, I mean we're at, pretty consistently at a little bit under about one per quarter per active user and we want to grow that number somewhat. We believe that one of the most important ways to achieve that is to increase the engagement particularly early with the user. So, we are working primarily on developing various features of the app and communicating via the app particularly on the on boarding experience in the first 30 or 60 days of use to really make sure that new users are effectively utilizing the device and maximizing its potential and then developing early and strong relationship with the customer. So, we have some significant initiatives on that front this quarter and we hope to start seeing some further acceleration in the growth of electrode reorders based on that.

Jared Cohen
Okay. Thank you very much.
Shai Gozani
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Yi Chen of H.C. Wainwright.
Yi Chen
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Looking at second quarter’s revenue and the sales and marketing expense as compared to your first quarter of this year, the revenue is relatively flat, while the sales and marketing expense is higher than the first quarter. So, is there something we should worry about regarding more dollars need to be spent on sales and marketing to boost the sales of Quell, I mean is the sales trend kind of slowing down?
Shai Gozani
I wouldn’t say that. You know the sales and marketing, I don’t have the exact number in front of me. The numbers are fairly comparable I think. You know the customer acquisition cost can vary a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. We will have PR effects which may lower it in one quarter and that may not kick in another quarter. But we actually as you’ll see, we actually sold, shipped more devices this quarter and considerably more electrodes. So, the invoice value of sales was up 300,000 versus the first quarter, especially from a shipment perspective sales were up. The revenue recognition could be delayed based on the timing of those shipments. So, we actually saw growth in quarter two literally relative to Q1.
Yi Chen
Thank you. Sorry, go ahead.
Thomas Higgins
I was going to say that we did benefit in the first quarter from strong PR, so that was non-paid PR and it was primarily the, I think it was the forward innovation foundation interview, that shined it. So that was the major benefit and it might have helped us lighten up a little bit on our advertising spending, but not very much. I don’t think the numbers were that different between Q1 sales and marketing spending in Q2 but…
Shai Gozani
Well, Yi it's a good question, I guess just to sort of summarize there, we really, because there will be some lumpiness in that in the customer acquisition cost may vary from quarter-to-quarter based on non-PR and other effects, but it was important to look at the number of units and the electrodes and that will ultimately drive the continued GAAP revenue growth.
Yi Chen
Got it. So, for the third and fourth quarter shall we expect the sales and marketing expenses to remain relatively very stable compared to the second quarter?
Shai Gozani
Yes, so I think in the third quarter and the fourth quarter we will see a little bit of growth, not too much in the third quarter, but several hundred thousand dollars worth of growth in Q4. And there what we're looking to is Q4 is a strong, we believe it will be a strong quarter anyway, its holiday, it’s end of year and we want to optimize what we are doing in the fourth quarter. So, I would say a little bit up in the third quarter and then may be up few hundred thousand in the fourth quarter, current plan.
Yi Chen
Thank you.
Shai Gozani
You are welcome.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Dr. Gozani for closing remarks. One moment sir, we do have another participant in the queue. Our question comes from the line of Alan Singer [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst
Yes, good morning and thank you for this very valuable call. It seems to me like that there are opportunities here to take advantage of the opioid crisis, to offer up a potentially very useful solution, pain free, I mean a drug free solution to a really challenging problem. And there is a second community that I am very interested in hearing about your efforts and that would be the sleep medicine community because I happen to, I have RLS and I would use Quell. I wear it every night and it has been enormously beneficial to me.
So, I am just wondering what efforts are being undertaken to reach out to the medical communities and rheumatology and sleep medicine to try to make inroads into those communities for purposes of allowing physicians who treat chronic pain patients and RLS patients a low cost, drug free alternative to the medicines that are proving to be challenging in both areas?

Shai Gozani
Thank you very much for the question and I'm delighted to hear that’s beneficial for your RLS. On the matter of the opioid crisis, we are actively engaged with the pain medicine community and also from a public relations perspective to educate physicians, educate patients, educate government agencies about the opportunity to potentially reduce the dependence on opioids through technology like Quell.
We have taken the position, we're not sort of anti or pro-opioids banning, means we are arguing that there is a role for technology in managing chronic pain and potentially that could help reduce the dependence on opioids, so we really view ourselves as advocates of the chronic pain community. And for many of them some level of opioid use is still very, very important, so we're just trying to be part of the solution. Our approach again is primarily by educating pain medicine physicians and by engaging through public relations and we have been pretty successful there.
We also have been focused on clinical studies specifically to look at that question. We just - one of the studies that I referenced has finished enrollment and that’s a study at Scripps Translational Science Institute in San Diego which is looking at specifically opioid reduction in cancer pain using Quell, so we'll have some - hopefully some quantitative data to talk about.
On the sleep side, very interesting application. We are engaged with the sleep medicine community. We recently were presenting at SLEEP 2017 which is the big annual sleep medicine conference happened to be in Boston. We have done some work specifically on RLS and that’s a feature application for the product and many people with chronic pain actually have RLS, so there is a lot of overlap in any case. So we have been engaging the sleep medicine community primarily through professional health conferences and through publications. And we do see sleep as a - and primarily through RLS and through the impact of chronic pain on sleep as an extension market for us.
Operator
Thank you. And sir, I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back to Dr. Gozani for closing remarks.
Shai Gozani
Thank you very much for joining us on the second quarter conference call. We continue to be encouraged by the strong response to Quell in the marketplace as well for DPNCheck and we look forward to updating you through the balance of the year.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the call. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Instruments & Supplies, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All NURO TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #0ef16500-6f74-11e7-b851-eb95a41debec
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #0f201620-6f74-11e7-9247-8f641df550ea
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          























Shai Gozani, Author at LivingQuell Blog










































              All Categories
            

Chronic Pain
Company News
Industry Insights
Personal Stories
Product




              Author
            


Caroline MooreDonna Gregory BurchEmily AdekoreFrank McGillinJennifer KilgoreQuell TeamShai GozaniXuan Kong



Search










HomeArticles by: Shai Gozani





 
Product
A Closer Look at TENS Devices
Shai Gozani





 
Chronic Pain
Thinking Beyond a “one size fits all” Approach to Treating Chronic Pain
Shai Gozani








  Gozani SN. Fixed-site high-frequency transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for treatment of chronic low back and lower extremity pain. J of Pain Research 2016;(9):469-479 PAINWeek Abstract Book 2015, Journal of Postgraduate Medicine, 127:sup1, S41.  AAPM Facts and Figures on Pain. American Academy of Pain Medicine website. http://www.painmed.org/patientcenter/facts_on_pain.aspx. Accessed July 11, 2016.  






