


Board of Directors | Covisint









































































    

  






 



 Companysteve2015-09-01T19:54:39+00:00







The Cloud Platform for a Secure, Connected World.
Trusted Information. Anywhere.
Download Fact Sheet







INVESTORS

Overview
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
2016 Proxy Materials
Governance

Leadership
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact the Board


Financials

SEC Filings


Stock

Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator


FAQs
Contact Us

 



Board of Directors







John F. Smith
Chairman
Read Bio 



Bernard M. Goldsmith
Director
Read Bio 



William O. Grabe
Director
Read Bio 



Dave Hansen
Director
Read Bio 



Sam Inman III
Director
Read Bio 



Andreas Mai
Director
Read Bio 



Jonathan Yaron
Director
Read Bio 




John F. Smith
Chairman




	Mr. Smith has served as a director of Covisint since August 2016. Mr. Smith has been a principal of Eagle Advisors LLC, a consulting firm in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan that specializes in strategy development and performance improvement since January 2011. From 2000 to 2010, Mr. Smith held positions of increasing responsibility with General Motors Corporation in sales and marketing, product planning and corporate strategy, most recently as Group Vice President, Corporate Planning and Alliances. During his 42-year career in the automotive industry, Mr. Smith also served as General Manager of Cadillac Motor Car, President of Allison Transmission, and Vice President, Planning at General Motors International Operations in Zurich, Switzerland. Mr. Smith currently serves on the boards of American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: AAM), CEVA Holdings LLC, a provider of freight management and contract logistics solutions, and Arnold Magnetics, a provider of engineered magnetic products to automotive, aerospace, military and other verticals. Mr. Smith also serves as an advisor to VNG.CO, a developer of compressed natural gas refueling stations, and Enginetics LLC, a fuel injection technology startup. Mr. Smith is a member of the National Advisory Board of Boy Scouts of America, and Treasurer, Jeremie Haiti Project, a 501©(3) involved in ongoing relief work in Haiti.  He served on the Board of Directors of Smith Electric Vehicles Corp. from June 2012 to December 2013, and on the Board of Plasan Carbon Composites from December 2013 to December 2014. Mr. Smith's extensive experience in the automotive industry, manufacturing, finance, business development, international operations, sales and marketing, product development and mergers and acquisitions is aligned with Covisint’s key business objectives, including growth of the Company’s global business in the automotive industry.

   Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Bernard M. Goldsmith
Director




	Mr. Goldsmith has served as a director of Covisint since November 2012. Mr. Goldsmith is a general partner of Updata Partners, a private equity firm he co-founded in 1998 that invests in software, Internet and business services companies. Mr. Goldsmith has spent more than 35 years in the information technology industry, as a founder, senior executive, investor, and advisor to leading software and IT services companies. Mr. Goldsmith has previously served on the boards of directors of several publicly traded companies including: Goal Systems, Compuware (NASDAQ: CPWR), Alphanet, Astea (NASDAQ: ATEA) and Frontstep.

   Chair of the Audit Committee

   Member of the Compensation Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



William O. Grabe
Director




	Mr. Grabe brings broad international operational experience and an extensive sales and marketing background to General Atlantic. He has been an integral part of GA's global expansion, initially in Europe and later in India and China.   Mr. Grabe currently serves on the boards of Quality Technology Services, Lenovo Group Limited, Gartner, Inc., and Covisint Corporation.  He also serves as a member of the UCLA Anderson School of Management Board of Visitors, a member of the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute Advisory Board, a member of the Board of the Grand Canyon Trust, and as a member of the Board of Trustees of The Nature Conservancy in Florida.

	Prior to his affiliation with General Atlantic, Mr. Grabe retired from the IBM Corporation as an IBM Vice President and Corporate Officer. In his last position he was responsible for US Marketing and Services and was a founding member of the board of ISSC, the precursor to IBM Global Services. Earlier in his IBM career he was President, National Accounts Division and in 1988 was responsible for the worldwide launch of the AS 400.

	Mr. Grabe holds a B.S. in Engineering from New York University and received his M.B.A. from the University of California at Los Angeles.

   Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee

   Member of the Compensation Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Dave Hansen
Director




	Mr. Hansen has broad experience leading innovative, global IT software and security initiatives for large, multinational corporations. He is currently President and CEO of SafeNet, a Maryland-based global provider of high-value data protection for more than 25,000 customers in 100 countries. Previous to that, he was a General Manager at BMC Software following the company’s 2012 acquisition of Numara Software. At Numara, Mr. Hansen’s CEO responsibilities included the development of the company’s global cloud strategy while also overseeing initiatives that expanded several of the company’s core products. 

   Member of the Audit Committee

   Chair of the Compensation Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Sam Inman III
Director




	Mr. Inman has an extensive career in technology leadership roles, supplemented by strong strategic growth and board experiences. From 2008 to 2011, he was President and CEO of Comarco Wireless Technologies, a California-based, provider of innovative mobile power and test solutions. At Comarco, he drove revenue from $6 million to $32 million in three years. Previous to Comarco, Mr. Inman was Executive Chairman of Think Outside; Co-CEO and Chairman for Viking Components, Inc.; CEO and President of Centura Software Corporation; President and COO of Ingram Micro and President of IBM PC Company, Americas.



Back to Board of Directors 



Andreas Mai
Director





		“Mr. Mai has served as a director of Covisint since August 2016.  Mr. Mai currently advises enterprises and governments on co-creating digitization driven innovation, win-win partner ecosystems and disruptive business models. From March 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Mai served as Director of Smart Connected Vehicles at Cisco Systems, Inc., an American multinational technology company which designs, manufactures and sells networking equipment worldwide (“Cisco”).  Mr. Mai joined Cisco in 2008 as Director, Automotive North America, of its Internet Business Solutions Group, helped built a new business unit at Cisco in 2012, where he initially served as Director, Product Management and Marketing, of Smart Connected Vehicles until March 2014.

		From May 2015 until June 2016, Mr. Mai served as a member of the Board of Directors of Octo Telematics, a provider of telematics solutions for insurance companies, car rental and fleet management companies, motor manufacturers, and governmental authorities in Europe and North America.  He has also served as a Board Observer at Cohda Wireless, a specialist in wireless communication for automotive safety applications, since January 2013. Since 2013, Mr. Mai has served on the boards of the Connected Vehicle Trade Association, a non-profit business league established to facilitate the interaction, and advance the interests, of the entities involved in the vehicle communication environment, and the Connected Car Council, a group of professionals with proven accomplishments in their respective disciplines as they relate to the connected car, since 2014. Since 2014, he has also served on various task forces of the World Economic Forum to develop digitization strategies for automotive, transportation and insurance industries.

		Previously, Mr. Mai served as a Principal at PRTM Management Consultants (now PWC), a provider of management consulting services specializing in providing operational strategy, product and service innovation, supply chain innovation, customer experience management innovation, enterprise co-creation consulting, and performance measurement services, from 2005 to 2008.  Prior to that, he served in various roles at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants, a global strategy consulting firm headquartered in Munich, from 1996 to 2004, including as Senior Project Manager of Automotive & Engineered Products in Detroit, Project Manager of Engineered Products/ Corporate Restructuring, and Senior Consultant of Engineered Products in Munich.  Mr. Mai also previously served as Vice President of Marketing at VEBAU/ Philipp Holzmann BauProjekt AG based in Frankfurt, from 1992 to 1996.  He started his professional career in commercial banking.  Mr. Mai graduated with an M.S. (Diplom-Kaufmann) from the universities of Osnabrück, Germany, ESTE Universidad de Deusto, Spain and Buckinghamshire New University, United Kingdom.”


	 

   Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Jonathan Yaron
Director




	Mr. Yaron has served as a director of Covisint since August 2016. Mr. Yaron currently serves as executive Chairman of Accellion, Inc., an industry leader in providing private cloud solutions for secure access and sharing of enterprise information across devices, a position he has held since June 2016.  Since 2007, Mr. Yaron has been President and Chief Executive Officer of JY Investments, that provides investment and consulting services to private companies and private equity firms.  From 1997 through 2013, Mr. Yaron was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enigma Information Retrieval Systems, Inc., a software company, he co-founded in 1992 that developed and sells software that assists in the maintenance of databases containing large stores of technical components including heavy industrial equipment, aircraft spare parts and components, mechanical equipment and the like.  Enigma Information Retrieval Systems, Inc. was sold to PTC, Inc. in 2013.

   Member of the Audit Committee



Back to Board of Directors 









 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials
 
 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts
 
 
Downloads
Downloads
 
 
Snapshot
Snapshot
 

RSS
RSS
 
 
Print
Print
 

Share
Share
 

Search
Search



  

Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS


















































  



Our Team of Global Growth Equity Investors and Professionals | General Atlantic






























People









William Grabe
Advisory Director


William O. Grabe joined General Atlantic in 1992 and retired as a Managing Director in 2010.  He continues to support GA as an Advisory Director.
Mr. Grabe has broad international operational experience and an extensive sales and marketing background. He has been an integral part of GA's global expansion, initially in Europe and later in India and China. Mr. Grabe currently serves on the boards of Quality Technology Services, Lenovo Group Limited, Gartner, Inc., and Covisint Corporation. He also serves as a member of the UCLA Anderson Board of Advisors, a member of the Board of the Grand Canyon Trust, and on the Board of Trustees of The Nature Conservancy in Florida.
Prior to his affiliation with General Atlantic, Mr. Grabe retired from the IBM Corporation as an IBM Vice President and Corporate Officer. In his last position he was responsible for US Marketing and Services and was a founding member of the board of ISSC, the precursor to IBM Global Services. Earlier in his IBM career he was President, National Accounts Division and in 1988 was responsible for the worldwide launch of the AS 400.
Mr. Grabe earned an M.B.A. from the University of California at Los Angeles and a B.S. in Engineering from New York University.









Info




Location
            New York
            
Education
M.B.A. University of California at Los Angeles, B.S. New York University
            






















William Grabe
Advisory Director









William O. Grabe joined General Atlantic in 1992 and retired as a Managing Director in 2010.  He continues to support GA as an Advisory Director.
Mr. Grabe has broad international operational experience and an extensive sales and marketing background. He has been an integral part of GA's global expansion, initially in Europe and later in India and China. Mr. Grabe currently serves on the boards of Quality Technology Services, Lenovo Group Limited, Gartner, Inc., and Covisint Corporation. He also serves as a member of the UCLA Anderson Board of Advisors, a member of the Board of the Grand Canyon Trust, and on the Board of Trustees of The Nature Conservancy in Florida.
Prior to his affiliation with General Atlantic, Mr. Grabe retired from the IBM Corporation as an IBM Vice President and Corporate Officer. In his last position he was responsible for US Marketing and Services and was a founding member of the board of ISSC, the precursor to IBM Global Services. Earlier in his IBM career he was President, National Accounts Division and in 1988 was responsible for the worldwide launch of the AS 400.
Mr. Grabe earned an M.B.A. from the University of California at Los Angeles and a B.S. in Engineering from New York University.







Info


Location
New York


Sectors




Expertise




Education

            M.B.A. University of California at Los Angeles, B.S. New York University

        


























































Board of Directors | QTS Data Centers



































 


Sales 877.QTS.DATA|Support 866.239.5000    

Login

QTS Customer Portal
QTS Partner Portal



CareersContact UsStay Connected








Search








Search



























Board of Directors



Our forward-looking Board provides us with a tremendous amount of leadership in delivering one of the nation's only fully integrated data center and managed hosting solutions.










QTS Data Centers | Colocation, Cloud & Managed IT Services
Company
About QTS
Executive Leadership
Board of Directors












Chad L. Williams
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Chad Williams has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since founding QTS in 2003. Chad has more than 24 years of experience in the management and development of various private companies and more than 14 years of experience in the ownership, management and development of commercial real estate, the last eight of which have been focused on data center properties. In his role as CEO, Chad has been directly involved in every aspect of our business, from strategic acquisition and financing, to site selection, design, development and construction and customer management. 

In 2003, Chad leveraged his experience developing, owning and managing mission-critical facilities and began acquiring data centers with the strategy of building a national presence to provide this type of facility. Under Chad’s leadership and through a series of acquisitions, the business grew from operating a single facility to a national and fully integrated data center platform. Today, under Chad’s leadership, we operate 25 data center facilities totally approximately 4.8 million gross square feet. Chad’s vision of obtaining and revitalizing large, scalable properties in growing data center markets has become the cornerstone of our business strategy. 

Chad is on the board of the US Dream Academy, an organization that focuses on intervening in the lives of children of incarcerated parents. Its mission is to empower these at-risk children to maximize their potential by providing them with academic social and values-enrichment through supportive mentoring and the use of technology. Chad lives in Lenexa, KS with his wife and three children. 
 
 

Philip P. Trahanas
Lead Director
Philip Trahanas is a former Managing Director at General Atlantic, a global growth equity firm. Mr. Trahanas has a combination of experience in operating, investment banking and private equity roles. Mr. Trahanas is a member of the Board of Directors at exp. Global Inc. and TASC. Prior board memberships and affiliations include SRA International (NYSE: SRX), PowerDsine, Vindigo and ZTango among others.
Mr. Trahanas joined General Atlantic in 2000 from Morgan Stanley. During his tenure within Morgan Stanley's Investment Banking division, Mr. Trahanas worked on the High Technology Corporate Finance team, was a Merger and Acquisition specialist and was a member of the division's operating management team. His experience includes a wide array of financing and strategic M&A transactions across a broad range of industry sectors. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, Mr. Trahanas was an electrical engineer at General Electric, where he specialized in communications equipment and semiconductor design.
Mr. Trahanas holds a B.E. in Electrical Engineering from The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art. He attended the University of Pennsylvania for his advanced studies and received an MBA from the Wharton School, where he graduated as a Palmer Scholar, and an M.S. in Engineering from the Moore School of Engineering.
Mr. Trahanas is a Trustee of The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art.
 
 

William O. Grabe

William O. Grabe was a Managing Director at General Atlantic from 1992 to 2010. Since 2010, Mr. Grabe has served as Advisory Director for General Atlantic. Mr. Grabe brings broad international experience and an extensive sales and marketing background to the board. He has assisted numerous companies in their geographical expansion and the development of strategic alliances. Mr. Grabe currently serves on the boards of Lenovo Group Limited, Gartner, Inc., and Covisint Corporation, and is also the chair of the QTS Compensation Committee. Prior to his affiliation with General Atlantic, Mr. Grabe retired from the IBM Corporation as a Vice President and Corporate Officer. In his last position he was responsible for US Marketing and Services and was a founding member of the board of ISSC, the precursor to IBM Global Services. Earlier in his IBM career he was President, National Accounts Division and in 1988 was responsible for the worldwide launch of the AS 400.
Mr. Grabe is a graduate of the UCLA Graduate School of Business; MBA, 1963 and New York University; BS, 1958. His outside affiliations include serving as a member of the UCLA Anderson Board of Advisors, a member of the Board of the Grand Canyon Trust, and on the Board of Trustees of the Board of the Nature Conservancy in Florida.
 
 

John Barter


John Barter has more than twenty-five years of experience in financial management, mergers and acquisitions, executive management and planning and analysis. Mr. Barter currently serves on numerous Boards of Directors , including Dice Holdings, Inc. and Genpact Global Holdings, Inc., and previously served on the Boards of Directors of Lenovo Group and SRA International. In addition to his QTS Board of Director duties, Mr. Barter chairs the QTS Audit Committee.

Mr. Barter was the Chief Financial Officer of Kestral Solutions, Inc., from 2000 to 2001. Prior to this, he held various positions with AlliedSignal, Inc., now called Honeywell International, Inc. Mr. Barter also served as President of AlliedSignal Automotive from 1994 to 1997.
Mr. Barter holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Spring Hill College, 1968 and an MBA in Finance from Tulane University, 1973.
 
 

Peter A. Marino
 
A proven leader with more than 25 years of executive experience, Peter A. Marino works as a private consultant for government and industry on defense and intelligence issues. Mr. Marino has held executive positions with Fire Arms Training Systems, Raytheon, E-Systems, Fairchild Industries and Lockheed Martin Corporation. For more than 16 years he served in numerous capacities at the Central Intelligence Agency, including director of technical service and deputy director for the Office of Research and Development. 
Mr. Marino currently serves as chairman of the board of TASC, Inc., a leading advanced systems engineering, integration and decision-support services company delivering sophisticated national security and public safety solutions. He has served on numerous boards, including the Defense Science Board and QinetiQ North America. Mr. Marino also chairs the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency Advisory Group.
Mr. Marino earned an MS in Acoustics (Engineering Physics) from Penn State and a BS in Physics from Rollins College. He is also a Senior Executive Fellow at Harvard University.
 
 

Stephen E. Westhead
Stephen Westhead has over 25 years of experience in management. Since 2007, Mr. Westhead has been the Chief Executive Officer and lead investor of US Trailer, a semi-trailer leasing company, and has served as the Chief Marketing Officer of Satori Group, Inc. Mr. Westhead held various executive positions over his 22 years with Philadelphia Insurance Companies, including Senior Vice President of Commercial Line Underwriting during which time he conceived, developed and optimized the company’s successful National Processing Center.
Mr. Westhead is a member of the Insurance Accounting and Systems Association and has served on the board of directors of Cabrini College, as well as the college’s alumni association. He currently sits on the board of two charitable organizations, the Community of the Good Shepherd in Kansas City and the Cabrini Mission Corps.
Mr. Westhead graduated from Cabrini College with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration in 1987. 
 
 

Scott D. Miller
Scott Miller has over 30 years of executive experience. Mr. Miller currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of SSA & Company, which consists of three main businesses: Six Sigma Academy, a professional services firm providing Lean/Six Sigma productivity consulting; the G100, a CEO membership organization; and MSP, a private real estate development and investment company.

Mr. Miller also is a Special Advisor at General Atlantic, a global growth equity firm, where he provides strategic counsel to GA and its portfolio companies and advises on its capital raising efforts.

Prior to SSA & Company, Mr. Miller served as President of Hyatt Hotels and Resorts Corporation. He was also President and CEO of United Infrastructure Company. During his early career, he was a founding partner of The John Buck Company, a Chicago-based real estate brokerage, management and development company.

Mr. Miller currently serves on several civil boards, including the Aspen Community Foundation and The Kravis Leadership Institute.

Mr. Miller earned his MBA from the University of Chicago and holds a bachelor’s degree from Stanford University.
 

Catherine R. Kinney
Catherine R. Kinney retired from New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) Euronext in March 2009. She joined the NYSE in 1974 and served as President and Co-Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2008. Mrs. Kinney was responsible for overseeing the company’s global listing program and the marketing and branding efforts of NYSE Euronext in Paris, France from July 2007 until her retirement 2009. Mr. Kinney currently serves as the chair of QTS' Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

Mrs. Kinney serves on the Board of NetSuite Inc., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, MSCI, Inc., Catholic Charities, The New York City Ballet and Sharegift. She served on the Board of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company from 2002 – 2004, Depository Trust Company from 2003 – 2007, and Georgetown University from 2005 – 2011. Additionally, she is a member of the Economic Club of New York. 

Mrs. Kinney graduated Magna Cum Laude from Iona College and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. She has received honorary degrees from Georgetown University, Fordham University and Rosemont College. 
 
 











The QTS Difference
With the data center world evolving rapidly, QTS is committed to providing hardened, redundant infrastructure, flexible, scalable solutions and unceasing service and support.



 Integrated
Product & Service Platform


 Mega
State-of-the-art mega data centers


 security
Industry leading security & compliance


 International
Locations & Connectivity


 Premium
Customer Experience











                                    About QTS
                                    
View Link












                                    Executive Leadership
                                    
View Link












                                    Core Values
                                    
View Link


















                                        2015
                                    

QTS Acquisition
Carpathia Hosting, Inc.
for approximately 
$326 million






 




                                        2014
                                    

Expands mega data center
footprint with acquisition of 
Chicago and Princeton;
launched Critical Facilities
Management product offering


 

 




                                        2013
                                    

Launched IPO
Publicly traded on
NYSE: (QTS)


 

 




                                        2012 - 2013
                                    

Acquisition of Sacramento 
and Dallas facilities  


 

 




                                        2010 - 2012
                                    

Expansions of four facilities:
Atlanta - Metro, Santa Clara, 
Jersey City and Richmond


 

 




                                        2010
                                    

Richmond facility acquired;
Cloud product introduced commercially 


 

 




                                        2009
                                    

General Atlantic, LLC
invests in QTS


 

 




                                        2006 - 2008
                                    

Acquired three facilities:
Jersey City, Santa Clara
and Miami 


 

 




                                        2005
                                    

Formally established with 
acquisition of Mega Data
Center Atlanta - Suwanee


 






                                        2003
                                    

Company purchases 
first data center
in Overland Park,
Kansas




 






                                Explore our Career Opportunities
                                
View Link









Powered by People




Contact Us

View Form























William O. Grabe - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William O. Grabe
Board Member at Gartner, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William O. Grabe? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William O. Grabe's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William O. Grabe's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William O. Grabe's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William O. Grabe through your network of contacts.
												








William O. Grabe's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Gartner, Inc.


Board Member, 
QTS Realty Trust, Inc.


Board Member, 
Covisint Corporation


Past
To view William O. Grabe's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															New York University


Age
78

 
 


William O. Grabe's Biography



Mr. Grabe is an Advisory Director of General Atlantic LLC, a global private equity firm. Prior to joining General Atlantic in 1992, Mr. Grabe was a Vice President and Corporate Officer of IBM Corporation. Mr. Grabe is presently a director of Covisint Corporation, QTS Realty Trust, Inc. and Lenovo Group Limited. He is a former director of Infotech Enterprises Limited, Compuware Corporation and iGate Computer Systems Limited (f/k/a Patni Computer Systems Ltd.).
 
Mr. Grabe's extensive senior executive experience, his knowledge of business operations and his vast knowledge of the global information technology industry have made him a valued me ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Grabe is an Advisory Director of General Atlantic LLC, a global private equity firm. Prior to joining General Atlantic in 1992, Mr. Grabe was a Vice President and Corporate Officer of IBM Corporation. Mr. Grabe is presently a director of Covisint Corporation, QTS Realty Trust, Inc. and Lenovo Group Limited. He is a former director of Infotech Enterprises Limited, Compuware Corporation and iGate Computer Systems Limited (f/k/a Patni Computer Systems Ltd.).
 
Mr. Grabe's extensive senior executive experience, his knowledge of business operations and his vast knowledge of the global information technology industry have made him a valued member of the Board and Governance Committee.
		
Source: Gartner, Inc. on 04/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William O. Grabe's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William O. Grabe. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William O. Grabe's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William O. Grabe's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William O. Grabe through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William O. Grabe


















William O. Grabe's Connections (181)





Sign up now to view William O. Grabe's 181 connections »









Nobuyuki Idei
Former Board Member, Accenture plc









Robert A. Eberle
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc.









Karen E. Dykstra
Board Member, Gartner, Inc.









Adrianna C. Ma
Board Member, Applied Materials









Stephen F. Schuckenbrock
Board Member, CDK Global, Inc.









Kevin M. Donovan
Former Advisor, Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc.









Raul E. Cesan
Board Member, The New York Times Company









Anne S. Fuchs
Board Member, Gartner, Inc.









Maynard G. Webb
Board Member, Salesforce









Xuezheng Ma
Board Member, Unilever NV








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















William O Grabe - Sanibel, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William O Grabe in Sanibel, FL


William O Grabe

                                                                           Intelius found that William O Grabe  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Sanibel, FL.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

William P Grabe
Bill  Grabe


Get Report Now

Age

William O Grabe is in his 70s

William Has Lived In

Sanibel, FL
Westport, CT
Monroe, CT

William's Relatives

Douglas Grabe
Daneen Grabe
Joan Grabe
Lisa Grabe







William O Grabe



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director at Gartner , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William O Grabe
Get a Criminal Check on William O Grabe
Get a Public Record Report on William O Grabe
Get a People Search Report on William O Grabe


William O Grabe's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William O Grabe has lived as well as William O Grabe's phone numbers and email addresses.




William O Grabe Has Lived in 4 States
Florida Address for William O Grabe


5099 J****** D* 

Sanibel, FL


Has Lived In

Sanibel, FL
Westport, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William O Grabe

(203) ***-**** - Monroe, CT 
(203) ***-**** - Southport, CT 
(239) ***-**** - Sanibel, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William O Grabe

w****e@***.com


Get Email Report




William O Grabe's Professional Information
Information regarding William O Grabe's professional history.  Find out previous places William O Grabe has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William O Grabe Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Gartner , Inc.
               Title: Director
Company: Compuware Corporation
               
William O Grabe's Experience
Title: Director
               Company: Gartner , Inc.
Job Details
               Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) is the world's leading information technology research and advisory company. The company delivers the technology-related insight necessary for its clients to make the right decisions, every day. From CIOs and senior IT leaders in corporations and government agencies, to business leaders in high-tech and telecom enterprises and professional services firms, to technology investors, Gartner is the valuable partner to clients in approximately 10,000 distinct enterprises worldwide. Through the resources of Gartner Research, Gartner Executive Programs, Gartner Consulting and Gartner Events, Gartner works with every client to research, analyze and interpret the business of IT within the context of their individual role. Founded in 1979, Gartner is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, USA, and has 8,300 associates, including more than 1,800 research analysts and consultants, and clients in more than 90 countries.
Title: 
               Company: Compuware Corporation
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on William O Grabe

 See William O Grabe's LinkedIn Profile



William O Grabe's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William O Grabe


William O Grabe's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William O Grabe's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Grabe
Username Matches

                  WilliamGrabe
                  GrabeWilliam
                  William.Grabe
                  Grabe.William
                  William_Grabe
                  Grabe_William
                  William-Grabe
                  Grabe-William
                  WGrabe
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Grabe







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   William Grabe | Gartner , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com









        William O. Grabe (born April 23, 1938), investment company executive | Prabook 
    














































Create Biography

You can add biographies of your relatives,  friends, people you admire, as well as your own biography.





        Log in
    


Once logged in, you can add biography in the database




Directories
Newly added



























Edit Profile



General



Education



Career



Works



Life Stance



Personality



Connections



References





People Also Searched For



                    Joel Wachs
                  


                    Elinor Ostrom
                  


                    Helen Hunt
                  


                    Anthony Kiedis
                  


                    Frank W. Marshall
                  


                    Mala Powers
                  








	     William O.  Grabe
	     
	  



investment company executive



		William O. Grabe, American investment company executive. Board trustees Outward Bound United States of America, Greenwich, Connecticut, 1988, University of California at Los Angeles Foundation, 1990.  Lieutenant United States Army, 1958-1960.
		
       		



Background




Grabe, William O. was born on April 23, 1938 in New York City. Son of William F. and Wilma (Gloistein) Grabe.
					
					



Education


	 		
			

			Bachelor of Science in Engineering, New York University, 1958. Master of Business Administration, University of California at Los Angeles, 1963.
			
       			












Career


	 		
			Various positions with International Business Machines Corporation Corporation, Armonk, New York, 1961-1992, vice president, 1984-1992, president national accountants division, 1984-1986, assistant group executive information system products, 1986-1987, special assignment for AS1400 announcement, 1987-1988, general manager marketing and services, 1989-1992. Partner General Atlantic Partners, New York City, since 1992. Chairman board directors Synon, Inc., Larkspur, California, since 1992.Chairman board overseers Dartmouth Institute, Hanover, New Hampshire, since 1989. Board directors Compuware Corporation, Farmington Hills, Michigan, ISSC, Tarrytown, New York, Gupta Corporation, Menlo Park, California, Gartner Group, Stamford, Connecticut, Baan B.V., Ede, The Netherlands, Coda, Harrogate, United Kingdom.
			
       			












Religion


Denomination:
Lutheran




Membership


			Board trustees Outward Bound United States of America, Greenwich, Connecticut, 1988, University of California at Los Angeles Foundation, 1990. Lieutenant United States Army, 1958-1960.
			
    			







Personality

Interests

					Running, skiing, hiking, reading, travel.
					
    			



Connections


			Married Joan Hansen, July 2, 1960. Children: Caryn, Douglas, Lisa, Laura.
			
    			



father:

					
                            William F. Grabe
                        
				







mother:

					
                            Wilma (Gloistein) Grabe
                        
				







spouse:

					
                            Joan Hansen
                        
				







children:

					
                            Caryn Grabe
                        
				








					
                            Douglas Grabe
                        
				








					
                            Lisa Grabe
                        
				








					
                            Laura Grabe
                        
				












William O. Grabe



            Back to View page
        
















see more






Add photo











    See on larger map




Born
April 23, 1938

New York City







1958
                                
                            

                                    
                                    New York University
                                    
                                    
                                        



1963
                                
                            

                                    
                                    University of California, Los Angeles
                                    
                                    
                                        



1961 - 1992
                                
                            

                                    
                                    Various positions with International Business Machines Corporation Corporation
                                    
                                        Armonk, New York, United States
                                    
                                    
                                        



1987 - 1988
                                
                            

                                    
                                    Various positions with International Business Machines Corporation Corporation
                                    
                                        




1992
                                
                            

                                    partner, 
                                    General Atlantic Partners
                                    
                                        




show more ...







			Go
			
			up
		  
Edit Profile
























William O. Grabe | Board Member | Gartner, Inc. - IR Site











        Skip to main navigation
      













 Why Use Gartner
Products & Services
Analysts & Consultants
About


Select a Gartner site   Gartner.com  Gartner Japan  Gartner Accessibility Website






































<< Back



        
          William O.

        
          Grabe

        
      
Mr. Grabe is an Advisory Director of General Atlantic LLC, a global private equity firm. Prior to joining General Atlantic in 1992, Mr. Grabe was a Vice President and Corporate Officer of IBM Corporation. Mr. Grabe is presently a director of Covisint Corporation, QTS Realty Trust, Inc. and Lenovo Group Limited. He is a former director of Infotech Enterprises Limited, Compuware Corporation and iGate Computer Systems Limited (f/k/a Patni Computer Systems Ltd.).
Mr. Grabe’s extensive senior executive experience, his knowledge of business operations and his vast knowledge of the global information technology industry have made him a valued member of the Board and Governance Committee.
Chair of the Governance/Nominating Committee Charter













About GartnerBecome a ClientCareersContact GartnerCorporate InformationInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsOffice LocationsWhy Use Gartner
Products & ServicesConsultingGartner DataquestExecutive ProgramsEventsGartner BooksGartner InvestResearch
Analyst RelationsMedia ProductsOffice of the OmbudsmanQuote RequestsReprintsSchedule Briefings
Gartner PoliciesCorrectionsGovernanceOffice of the OmbudsmanPrivacyTerms of Use
gartner.comAccessibilityGlossaryHelpOnline TrainingSite IndexTechnical Support




© 2017 Gartner, Inc. and/or its Affiliates. All Rights Reserved.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












william o grabe - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found William Grabe | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​William Grabe



1) William Grabe's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!




William Grabe's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



William Grabe's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





William Grabe at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards
















John Ernest Grabe




graves lost. Some account of Grabe's life is given in Robert Nelson's Life of George Bull, and by George Hickes in a discourse prefixed to the pamphlet against William Whiston's Collection

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Ronald J. Grabe - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ronald_J._Grabe


New York, New York, U.S. Grabe has logged over 627 hours in space. Effective April 11, 1994, Grabe left NASA and the Air Force to join Orbital Sciences Corporation ...


Vor Arneths Grab, WAB 53 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Am_Grabe,_WAB_2


Vor Arneths Grab, WAB 53. ... Am Grabe (At the grave), WAB 2, for men's voices a cappella. Contents. 1 History. ... 2017 William Steakin. Give feedback


Adopted puppy turned out to be a wolf dog - AOL Lifestyle

https://www.aol.com/article/lifestyle/2016/10/17/adopted-puppy...


Adopted puppy turned out to be a ... former Humane Society CEO Maureen O'Nell ... Sign up for the Best Bites by AOL newsletter to get the most delicious ...


Hiking chic: Duchess Kate barely breaks a sweat on 3-hour ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2016/04/15/hiking-chic-duchess-kate...


the Duchess of Cambridge barely broke a sweat during her climb while William jokes it's "easy ... Hiking chic: Duchess Kate barely breaks a sweat on 3-hour hike.


Best Ways to Grab Investor's Attention in a Start-up ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/william-morrow/best-ways-to-grab-investo_b...


Best Ways to Grab Investor's Attention in a Start-up. By William Morrow. ... William Morrow Motivational Speaker, Blogger, Entrepreneur, Freelance Writer.


Robin Williams: An Agent of Change on Many Levels | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/greg-archer/robin-williams-an-agent-o_b...


Robin Williams. So much will be written about the man in the coming days in the aftermath of his sudden death on Monday. Mr. Williams was a legend, after ...


William Weld - The Huffington Post

www.huffingtonpost.com/news/william+weld


Southerners are downright feisty about their independence. There's a great sign at a park on the Alabama-Tennessee border which proclaims "We Dare Defend Our Rights ...


We're Pretty Sure This High Schooler Just Made The Basket ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/12/11/marveyo-otey-basketball-trick...


Marvey’o Otey will likely look back on this video as the moment he briefly touched basketball glory. During a recent game, Otey, who plays for William...


Kate Middleton, Prince William and family attend Christmas ...

https://www.aol.com/article/lifestyle/2016/12/25/kate-middleton...


It was Prince George and Princess Charlotte's first Christmas service -- the little royals seemed to enjoy it!


Our favorite style moments from the Royal Wedding - AOL ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/04/29/our-favorite-style-moments...


On April 29, 2011, Kate Middleton and Prince William married in front of 23 million Americans and 2 billion people worldwide.










We Found William Grabe | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​William Grabe



1) William Grabe's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!




William Grabe's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



William Grabe's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





William Grabe at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Searches related towilliam o grabe



bill grabe




12345Next

Related Searches



bill grabe




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








