







Home | Great Hill Partners






































 


						Press Release					


Quantum Health Completes Recapitalization with Great Hill Partners 
 


						Press Release					


The RealReal Closes $50 Million Growth Equity Financing to Continue Fueling Company Growth and Expansion 
 

Partner with us to build a bigger business.  See how we work.

 


						Press Release					


Ascenty Announces Investment from Blackstone to Fuel Data Center Expansion Plans 
 


						Press Release					


PartsSource Strengthens Leadership Position with Investment from Great Hill Partners 
 


						News					


Great Hill Hits 1.5 BLN Hard Cap on Fund VI in Four Months 
 


						Press Release					


Reflexis to Accelerate Growth with Investment from Great Hill Partners 
 


						Press Release					


Great Hill Partners Announces Sale of Legacy.com to Pamplona Capital 
 


						Press Release					

Simon Anderson teams up with Great Hill Partners to acquire cloud services and software businesses 
 


						Press Release					


The Priceline Group Agrees to Acquire Momondo Group 
 


						Press Release					

CliqStudios.com Awarded Best Of Houzz 2017 
 


						Press Release					


PuppySpot Launches First National Advertising Campaign 
























Team | Great Hill Partners































Team



				Title				


All Managing Partners Partners Principals Finance Vice President, Investor Relations Vice Presidents Senior Associates Associates Entrepreneur-in-Residence 



  

Christopher S. Gaffney
						Managing Partner					
  

John G. Hayes
						Managing Partner					
  

Michael A. Kumin
						Managing Partner					
  

Mark D. Taber
						Managing Partner					
  

Matthew T. Vettel
						Managing Partner					
  

Christopher M. Busby
						Partner					
  

Nicholas R. Cayer
						Partner					
  

Rafael Cofiño
						Partner					
  

Peter L. Garran
						Partner					
  

Drew C. Loucks
						Principal					
  

Laurie T. Gerber
						Chief Financial Officer / Chief Compliance Officer					
  

Mary Kate Bertke
						Director of Investor Relations					
  

John S. Dwyer
						Controller					
  

Eric A. Ahlgren
						Vice President					
  

Craig K. Byrnes, CFA
						Vice President					
  

Joseph D. Germanese
						Vice President					
  

William W. Hurley
						Vice President					
  

Steven K. Achatz
						Senior Associate					
  

Samuel S. Conte
						Senior Associate					
  

Alison M. Holmes
						Senior Associate					
  

Cheng Li
						Senior Associate					
  

Marc Patrican
						Senior Associate					
  

Robert G. Anderson
						Associate					
  

Russell J. Holm
						Associate					
  

Frank Maldonado
						Associate					
  

Vinay K. Ramprasad
						Associate					
  

John R. Stanley
						Associate					
  

Greg C. Stewart
						Associate					
  

Simon Anderson
						Entrepreneur-in-Residence					
 
























Active Investments | Great Hill Partners

































Active Investments



				Sector				


All B to B Cloud & IT Infrastructure Consumer Consumer Internet Digital Media E-Commerce Education Enterprise SAAS Fin Tech Healthcare and HCIT IT Services Media Software 






View historical investments 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
























Portfolio | Great Hill Partners































Portfolio Overview



				Sector				


All eCommerce Payment Processing Postsecondary education Network Security Online Media Logistics Online Consumer Services Medical Device Reprocessing Application Management Retail - Custom Furnishings Money Transfer Broadband Services Telecom Wellness Digital Media Auto Dealer - Digital Media Consumer Events Insurance Lead Generation Data Centers Human Resources - Software Online Comparison Shopping Security Monitoring Expense Management Software FX Payment Processing Information Services Radio Online Marketing Services Consumer Direct Healthcare Wireless Towers Legal - Software Business Services Online Travel - Metasearch Healthcare - Software Payroll Software HR - Software Real Estate Foreclosure Processing Pets eCommerce Online Recruitment Payments - Gateway Healthcare – Pharmacy Benefits Management Managed Hosting Cloud Managed Services eCommerce – Kitchen Cabinetry Compliance - Software Healthcare IT - Supply Chain Healthcare - Advocacy 









 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




View historical investments
View active investments


























Great Hill Partners | D&B Credibility Case Study















































Case Study: Credibility Corp.
Explore this investment
02.11.16









Fast Facts

Sourced Platform for Executive
Vision to Understand a Complex Business
Innovative Deal Structure
Early Management Liquidity
Complex Sale Negotiations

We first met serial entrepreneur Jeff Stibel in 2007 when, acting as CEO of small business (“SMB”) solutions provider Web.com (NASDAQ: WWWW), he was leading a dramatic turnaround of the business which would triple shareholder value in less than four years. After leaving the company in 2009 following a successful sale to Website Pros, Stibel reached out to GHP to help determine his next move.
According to Stibel, “I was determined to acquire an online platform in the small-business and local market and spoke with a number of different venture and private equity firms. Great Hill was an early call given their sector knowledge, but what set them apart was the frequency and quality of deals that their team produced for me to evaluate”
After reviewing nearly twenty opportunities over the course of nine months, we were presented a unique opportunity – Dun & Bradstreet (“D&B”) was seeking to divest its Self Awareness Solutions unit (“SAS”), a non‐core asset that provided credit management solutions to more than 150,000 SMB customers. Whereas most prospective buyers focused on the unit’s poor financial performance while under D&B ownership, GHP and Stibel, drawing on their shared experience in the SMB and online markets, saw through the numbers and honed in on the business’ unique product set and strong competitive position in a large and underpenetrated marketplace. We evaluated the opportunity quickly and worked through a complicated set of seller objectives to complete the acquisition, structuring the transaction as an ongoing strategic partnership and establishing a new company, Credibility Corp., (“Credibility” or the “Company”) to acquire the assets of D&B’s SAS (“SAS”) and receive perpetual access to D&B’s data and brand in exchange for ongoing royalty payments.
According to Stibel, “GHP’s perseverance and skill in working through a complicated and lengthy due diligence and negotiation process was critical to executing this transaction. I look forward to a successful partnership as we continue to grow Credibility Corp over the coming years.”
Shortly after closing the transaction, the Credibility management team moved swiftly to reshape the company, revising employee incentive structures and expanding the salesforce – in fact, within only a quarter, the business began to grow after several prior years of decline. Following this initial momentum, the Company began to transform its business by shifting its sales model from one‐time transactions to recurring subscriptions. In just  over  one year, the  team  re‐architected the company’s entire IT and software infrastructure, a task that had previously stymied D&B. Rapid product innovation followed, including the introduction of an innovative freemium model as a well as a new credibility monitoring service. As a result of the management team’s product innovation, tactical execution and strategic thinking, in just four years Credibility was able to double its sales and triple is cash flow from operations.
By late 2013, Credibility’s impressive execution did not go unnoticed by D&B, to whom the Company continued to pay large and increasing annual royalties. Following a complex eighteen month negotiation, GHP and Stibel were able to bring D&B from an initial offer of less than $100 million up to a final purchase price of $320 million, closing in May 2015 on a sale resulting in a nearly 11x multiple of invested capital. Post-closing, the Credibility management team was given additional business segments of D&B to oversee which accounted for nearly one-third of the company’s total revenue.  Finally, recognizing his accomplishments with the Company, Stibel was asked to serve as a Vice-Chairman of Dun & Bradstreet.


Press Releases
Case Studies
News
























Great Hill Partners | About Us






































About Us
At Great Hill Partners, it is our mission to be the most trusted private equity partner by embodying our core values of integrity, teamwork, accountability, attitude, meritocracy, and a desire to win.
We provide private equity to finance the expansion, recapitalization, or acquisition of mid-market growth companies. With more than 50 portfolio companies and over 100 consolidating acquisitions, our team of private equity experts has a proven track record of guiding middle-market companies toward their growth and success targets.
View Our Investment Criteria Below






  Partnership
We don’t work from a one-size-fits-all formula — we take a unique approach with each opportunity because each of our portfolio companies has unique needs. We take the idea of partnership seriously and define our success by the success of our portfolio companies. You run your company; we’re here to help you achieve your goals.

  Growth
GHP is growth-oriented and committed to building businesses over the long term. In fact, most of our deals have been executed without debt to maximize your flexibility to make tangible investments. Sustaining high organic growth rates is a science, and we have the experience and expertise to support your company as you scale.

  Expertise
We have deep knowledge about the sectors and businesses in which we invest. That’s why CEOs trust us to develop creative growth strategies for their companies. One of our CEOs said, “Although I had met dozens of investment firms, Great Hill… was the most knowledgeable investor in the industry that I had encountered.”








Investment Criteria

 

Size of Investment
$25 – $200 million


Size of Target Company
Enterprise Value of $25 – $500 million; smaller for consolidating acquisitions


Investment Stage
All beyond early stage


Type of Target Company
Public or private companies

 

Type of Transaction
Acquisition, growth equity, go-private, recapitalization, consolidation, minority position, PIPE


Ownership Requirements
10% to 85%, usually over 30%


Board Representation
Required


Typical Holding Period
3 – 7 years

 
















Great Hill Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























great hill partners lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Great Hill Partners, L.P. provides private equity services. The Company offers its services to financial technology, health care, media, communications, and software industries. Great Hill Partners serves its customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

One Liberty Square
Boston, MA
United States


Phone:
1-617-790-9400


Fax:
1-617-292-9430


Web url:
www.greathillpartners.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user














403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.

























 



 Great Hill Partners Raises $1.5 Billion For Its Sixth Growth Buyout Fund 
         










    











 













 











 



















Great Hill Partners Raises $1.5 Billion For Its Sixth Growth Buyout Fund
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
Great Hill Partners  
Feb 01, 2017, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































BOSTON, Feb. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Great Hill Partners announced today the first and final closing of the firm's sixth private equity fund, Great Hill Equity Partners VI, L.P., at its hard cap of $1.5 billion of limited partner commitments. The fund had a target of $1.25 billion, and the firm began fundraising in late September 2016. 








Similar to Great Hill Partners' prior funds, Fund VI will seek opportunities to finance the acquisition, recapitalization, or expansion of rapidly growing middle market companies ranging in size from $25 million to $500 million. The firm's growth buyout strategy is based on rigorous sector research, proactive origination, value-added company-building tactics, conservative use of leverage, and emphasis on exits to large strategic buyers.
Since its inception in 1998, Great Hill Partners has raised $5.3 billion in capital commitments across all funds. Fund VI will be invested by Great Hill Partners' team of 25 investment professionals, led by Managing Partners Christopher Gaffney, Michael Kumin, Mark Taber, Matthew Vettel; Partners Christopher Busby, Nick Cayer, Rafael Cofiño, Peter Garran; and CFO Laurie Gerber.
Latham & Watkins LLP advised Great Hill on the fundraise. The firm did not work with a placement agent.
About Great Hill PartnersGreat Hill Partners is a Boston-based private equity firm that has raised over $5 billion in commitments since inception to finance the acquisition, recapitalization, or expansion of rapidly growing middle market companies in a wide range of sectors within the business and consumer services, healthcare, media, communications and software industries. Great Hill targets investments of $25 million to $150 million. For more information, visit www.greathillpartners.com. 
Contact:Mary Kate Bertke, Investor RelationsGreat Hill Partners617-790-9466mkbertke@greathillpartners.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/great-hill-partners-raises-15-billion-for-its-sixth-growth-buyout-fund-300400193.html
SOURCE Great Hill Partners
 Related Links

http://www.greathillpartners.com



 

















Mar 29, 2017, 06:30 ET
Preview: Great Hill Partners Announces Sale of Legacy.com to Pamplona Capital








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 14, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Quantum Health Completes Recapitalization with Great Hill Partners








 











May 23, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              PartsSource Strengthens Leadership Position with Investment from...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Banking & Financial Services
  Health Care & Hospitals
Financing Agreements








 You just read:
Great Hill Partners Raises $1.5 Billion For Its Sixth Growth Buyout Fund


 News provided by
Great Hill Partners  
Feb 01, 2017, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 













 













 


