








Phillip D. Green - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Phillip D. Green
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board at Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Phillip D. Green? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Phillip D. Green's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Phillip D. Green's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Phillip D. Green's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Phillip D. Green through your network of contacts.
												








Phillip D. Green's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, 
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.


Past
To view Phillip D. Green's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Phillip D. Green's Biography



Mr. Phillip D. Green serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. and Frost Bank. Mr. Green joined the Cullen/Frost organization in July 1980 and served in a number of managerial positions in the company's financial division before being named chief financial officer in 1995, a position he held until 2015. He was named group executive vice president in 2001 and president of Cullen/Frost in 2015. Mr. Green also previously had oversight for Frost's technology, operations and capital markets areas. In recent years he has helped lead the company's efforts to enhance its technology and product offerings as a part of ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Phillip D. Green serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. and Frost Bank. Mr. Green joined the Cullen/Frost organization in July 1980 and served in a number of managerial positions in the company's financial division before being named chief financial officer in 1995, a position he held until 2015. He was named group executive vice president in 2001 and president of Cullen/Frost in 2015. Mr. Green also previously had oversight for Frost's technology, operations and capital markets areas. In recent years he has helped lead the company's efforts to enhance its technology and product offerings as a part of delivering outstanding customer experiences. Mr. Green was a member of the management team that helped Frost navigate the Texas downtown of the 1980s, as well as the financial crisis of 2008 in which Frost declined the TARP funding program. Frost was the first bank in the nation to publicly decline to apply for TARP funds. Mr. Green is a past president and director of the South Texas Chapter of the Financial Executives Institute (FEI). He is also a past director and executive committee member of the San Antonio Symphony. He has served on the advisory committee for strategic planning for the Boy Scouts of San Antonio. Mr. Green is a past board member and a member of the investment committee for the Baptist Health Foundation of San Antonio. He currently serves on The University of Texas at Austin McCombs School of Business Accounting Advisory Council. Mr. Green graduated with honors from The University of Texas at Austin in 1977, earning a bachelor's degree in accounting. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Prior to joining Frost, he spent three years in public accounting with Ernst & Ernst. It is because of his experience in banking and his many years at Cullen/Frost and Frost Bank, as well as his knowledge of the communities we serve, that our Board has concluded that Mr. Green should continue serving on the Board.
		
Source: Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. on 03/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Phillip D. Green's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Phillip D. Green. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Phillip D. Green's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Phillip D. Green's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Phillip D. Green through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Phillip D. Green


















Phillip D. Green's Connections (41)





Sign up now to view Phillip D. Green's 41 connections »









Ruben M. Escobedo
Board Member, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









Chris Avery
Former Board Member, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









Jerry Salinas
Group Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









Patrick B. Frost
Dir. and President, Frost Bank; Group Executive Vice President, Frost Wealth Advisors; President, Frost Insurance, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









Paul H. Bracher
President; Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer, Frost Bank, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









David J. Haemisegger
Former Board Member, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









Royce S. Caldwell
Former President-SBC Operations, AT&T Inc.









Ida C. Steen
Former Board Member, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









David W. Beck
Former President and Chief Business Banking Officer, Frost Bank, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.









Crawford H. Edwards
Board Member, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Philip D. Green - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Philip D. Green
Former Board Member at Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Philip D. Green? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Philip D. Green's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Philip D. Green's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Philip D. Green's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Philip D. Green through your network of contacts.
												








Philip D. Green's Executive Work History


Past
To view Philip D. Green's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 


Philip D. Green's Biography



Philip D. Green, 61, was elected to our board of directors in 1992. Mr. Green is President of PDG Consulting, LLC, a healthcare IT consulting company. From July 2006 to November 30, 2008, Mr. Green was President, Strategic Business Initiatives, at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center ("UPMC"). Before joining UPMC, Mr. Green was a partner with the law firm of Gardner Carton & Douglas, LLP since June 2004. From June 2000 to June 2004, Mr. Green was a partner with Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, L.L.P. From 1989 to June 2000, Mr. Green was a partner with the law firm of Green, Stewart, Farber & Anderson, P.C., of which Mr. Green was a  ...
(Read More)

			Philip D. Green, 61, was elected to our board of directors in 1992. Mr. Green is President of PDG Consulting, LLC, a healthcare IT consulting company. From July 2006 to November 30, 2008, Mr. Green was President, Strategic Business Initiatives, at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center ("UPMC"). Before joining UPMC, Mr. Green was a partner with the law firm of Gardner Carton & Douglas, LLP since June 2004. From June 2000 to June 2004, Mr. Green was a partner with Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, L.L.P. From 1989 to June 2000, Mr. Green was a partner with the law firm of Green, Stewart, Farber & Anderson, P.C., of which Mr. Green was a founding partner. From 1978 through 1989, Mr. Green was a partner in the Washington, D.C. based law firm of Schwalb, Donnenfeld, Bray & Silbert, P.C. The board of directors concluded that Mr. Green should continue to serve as a director of Allscripts in part due to his insight into the healthcare industry from his experience as President of PDG Consulting, LLC, his prior work experience at UPMC and his many years of legal experience.
		
Source: Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. on 05/16/2012
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Philip D. Green's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Philip D. Green. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Philip D. Green's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Philip D. Green's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Philip D. Green through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Philip D. Green


















Philip D. Green's Connections (466)





Sign up now to view Philip D. Green's 466 connections »









Edward M. Philip
Board Member, Hasbro, Inc.









Robert M. Hernandez
Lead Independent Director, Chubb Limited









Ira J. Gumberg
Former Board Member, Mellon Financial









Kelly J. Barlow
Board Member, Alliance Data









Jacqueline L. Studer
Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, IDEXX Laboratories, Inc.









Joseph E. Carey
Former Chief Operating Officer, Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.









William J. Davis
Former Chief Financial Officer, Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.









Wayne D. Morgan
Former Senior Vice President Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer, Eclipsys









Richard E. Tarrant
Former Vice Chairman of the Board, Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.









Howard W. Hanna
Board Member, Citizens Financial Group








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Phillip D. Green, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer/Director | Frost

































Phillip D. Green




Chairman & Chief Executive Officer / Director 



Phil Green



Mr. Phillip D. Green serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. and Frost Bank. Mr. Green joined the Cullen/Frost organization in July 1980 and served in a number of managerial positions in the company’s financial division before being named chief financial officer in 1995, a position he held until 2015. He was named group executive vice president in 2001 and president of Cullen/Frost in 2015.
Mr. Green also previously had oversight for Frost’s technology, operations and capital markets areas. In recent years he has helped lead the company’s efforts to enhance its technology and product offerings as a part of delivering outstanding customer experiences.
Mr. Green was a member of the management team that helped Frost navigate the Texas downturn of the 1980s, as well as the financial crisis of 2008 in which Frost declined the TARP funding program. Frost was the first bank in the nation to publicly decline to apply for TARP funds.
Mr. Green is a past president and director of the South Texas Chapter of the Financial Executives Institute (FEI). He is also a past director and executive committee member of the San Antonio Symphony. He has served on the advisory committee for strategic planning for the Boy Scouts of San Antonio. Mr. Green is a past board member and a member of the investment committee for the Baptist Health Foundation of San Antonio. He currently serves on the University of Texas at Austin McCombs School of Business Accounting Advisory Council.
Mr. Green graduated with honors from The University of Texas at Austin in 1977, earning a bachelor’s degree in accounting. Prior to joining Frost, he spent three years in public accounting with Ernst & Ernst.






















Philip D. Green - Of Counsel at Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Philip D. Green
Of Counsel at Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees 


Philip D. Green
Of Counsel at Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP



 Overview



Age



62
                                  (Born 1955)
                                              




Notable Companies


PDG Consulting LLC

Green Stewart Farber & Anderson PC




Board Seats



6





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,336 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Glen Tullman

Co-Founder at 7wire Ventures LLC




Michael J. Kluger

Co-Founder at Altaris Capital Partners LLC





Robert A. Compton

Former President-Neurologic Technologies Division at Medtronic, Inc.




Fazle Husain

Partner & Head of US Healthcare at CVC Capital Partners Ltd.





Marcel L. Gamache

Former Senior Vice President-Information Services & Controller at Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Inc.




Frank A. Martin

Founder at Nantucket Group





Bernard Goldstein

Director at Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.




Paul M. Black

Director & Chief Executive Officer at Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.





Mike Lawrie

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at DXC Technology Co.




Kelly Barlow

Partner at ValueAct Capital Management LP







See 1,326 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,326 More 


 


 Paths to Philip D. Green



            Philip D. Green          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Philip D. Green






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Philip D. Green.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President

                                    Current                


PDG Consulting LLC






Of Counsel

                                    Current                


Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP


                  Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP provides legal services in areas such as corporate and securities, corporate restructuring, investment management, health care, real estate, environment and energy, employee benefits and executive compensation, commercial litigation, life insurance and annuities, insurance coverage, labor and employment, intellectual property, government and regulatory affairs, communications litigation, products liability and mass tort litigation, and private client services. The company was founded in 1849 and it is headquartered in Philadelphia, PA.                




President-Strategic Business Initiatives

                                    2006 - 2008                


University of Pittsburgh Medical Center


                  University of Pittsburgh Medical Center is a non-profit organization that provides hospital health programs and services. It is organized into the following operating units; Provider services, Insurance services, UPMC International, and UPMC Enterprises. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA.                




Partner

                                    2004 - Prior                


Gardner Carton & Douglas LLP


                  Gardner Carton & Douglas LLP offers legal services in practice areas including healthcare, corporate and securities, employee benefits, labor and employment, real estate, intellectual property, litigation and government relations. The firm specified practice areas includes corporate law, corporate restructuring, government relations, health law, HR law (employee benefits and employment), Indian tribal governments, intellectual property, litigation and dispute resolution, real estate and environmental and wealth planning and philanthropy. The company is headquartered in Chicago, IL                




Of Counsel

                                    Prior - 2002                


Preuss Shanagher Zvoleff & Zimmer


                  Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP provides legal services. The company specializes in business and finance, personal and fiduciary law, and litigation. Drinker Biddle & Reath's clients include Hewlett-Packard, Cingular Wireless, GlaxoSmithKline, and the Walt Disney Company. The company was founded in 1849 and it is headquartered in Philadelphia, PA.                




Partner

                                    2000 - 2004                


Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP


                  Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP provides legal services. It represents individuals and corporations in civil and criminal fraud investigations in which they face the potential loss of freedom and damage to their reputations. The company's areas of practice includes appellate, litigation, business & commercial litigation, dispute resolution, government contracts, internal investigations, labor and employment, oil and gas patent, trademark and copyright infringement, product liability and toxic tort securities litigation. The company was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                




Founding Partner

                                    1989 - 2000                


Green Stewart Farber & Anderson PC






Partner

                                    1978 - 1989                


Schwalb Donnenfeld Bray & Silbert PC







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Livongo Health, Inc.

                    Livongo Health, Inc. develops and operates a consumer digital health platform for people with diabetes. Its platform provides real-time information and human support to make life easier for people with chronic conditions. It primarily focuses on people with diabetes. The company was founded by Kimon Angelides in 2014 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.                  




Lead Independent Director

                    2008 - 2010                  


Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions, Inc.

                    Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions, Inc. provides clinical software and information solutions. It provides software solutions to the healthcare sector to improve patient safety, clinical outcomes and financial performance.  Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions develops software and information systems to support electronic health records, practice management, revenue cycle management, document management, electronic prescribing, clinical trials, referral management and emergency departments.  It markets its products to medical practices, clinics and hospitals. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                  




Director

                    2001 - 2008                  


I-trax, Inc.

                    I-trax, Inc. provides on-site healthcare services. It offers acute care corporate health, occupational health and pharmacy care management services, as well as fitness and wellness programming and integrated disease management programs. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Chadds Ford, PA                  




Independent Director

                    1992 - 2013                  


Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.

                    Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. engages in the provision of clinical, financial, connectivity, information solutions, and related professional services. It operates through the following segments: Clinical and Financial Solutions; Population Health; and Netsmart. The Clinical and Financial Solutions segment involves in the sale of clinical software applications and financial and information solutions. The Population Health segment offers health management and coordinated care solutions. The Netsmart segment operates in the home care and behavioral healthcare information technology fieldthroughout the United States. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                  




Director

                    1992 - 2008                  


Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.

                    Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. provides clinical software, connectivity, and information solutions for physicians in the United States. The company operates in three segments: Software and Related Services, Information Services, and Prepackaged Medications. The software and Related Services segment consists of clinical software solutions, including TouchWorks, TouchScript, and Impact.MD.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


UPMC Group







 Other Affiliations




              Philip D. Green is affiliated with
                            PDG Consulting LLC, Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Gardner Carton & Douglas LLP, Preuss Shanagher Zvoleff & Zimmer, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, Green Stewart Farber & Anderson PC, Schwalb Donnenfeld Bray & Silbert PC, Livongo Health, Inc., Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions, Inc., I-trax, Inc., Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., UPMC Group.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















PHILIP D GREEN - LITTLE FALLS, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



LITTLE FALLS



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            PHILIP D GREEN
                                    



 





















P 


PHILIP D GREEN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



62 LOOMIS ST LITTLE FALLS, NY 13365
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $57,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Philip D Green was founded in 2010, and is located at 62 Loomis St in Little Falls. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $57,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Green Phillip D Sandy in Boerne, Texas with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeBoerne, TXGreen Phillip D SandyBoerne, TX Green Phillip D SandyAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection1. Green Phillip D & Sandy157 Cibolo Ridge TrlFair Oaks Ranch, TX 78015(830) 336-4699Publishing ConsultantsSponsored LinksShowing1-1
of 1resultsMap ViewSponsoredSpencer Law Firm6128 Bandera Rd, San Antonio, TX 78238(210) 236-6497WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEllison Richard L PC500 Main St Ste J, Kerrville, TX 78028(830) 792-5601WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLangley & Banack, Inc745 E Mulberry Ave Ste 900, San Antonio, TX 78212(210) 610-9982WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoThomas P Carnes Attorney & Mediator968 Braeutigam Rd, Fredericksburg, TX 78624(830) 997-7790WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaw Office Of Steven C Benke2941 Mossrock, San Antonio, TX 78230(210) 236-6467WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHeidi McLeod Law Office, PLLC3355 Cherry Ridge St, San Antonio, TX 78230(210) 853-0966WebsiteMake an AppointmentDirectionsMore InfoBurkett Law Firm(2)538 S Tancahua St, Corpus Christi, TX 78401(361) 371-2988WebsiteDirectionsVideoMore InfoLaw Offices of David M White(12)1500 Industrial Blvd Ste 303, Abilene, TX 79602(325) 437-3311Helping the injured, defending the accused.WebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore InfoTVC Pro DriverServing the Boerne area.(877) 623-3533WebsiteMore InfoLegal Aid Legal Services Corp.Serving the Boerne area.(888) 877-7150WebsiteMore Info24/7 LegalServing the Boerne area.(888) 659-7710WebsiteContact UsMore InfoLegalFoxServing the Boerne area.(888) 981-8587Find a Local AttorneyWebsiteMore InfoA TRAFFIC TICKET ATTORNEYS CALIFORNIA & NATIONWIDE(36)Serving the Boerne area.(877) 787-2334Commercial - Taxi - DUI - Or ANY Driver, California & NationwideWebsiteMore InfoLaw Offc W Shane JenningsServing the Boerne area.(575) 263-2470WebsiteMore InfoCommunity Legal SolutionsServing the Boerne area.(888) 280-0993We can help! Contact us today.WebsiteContact UsMore Info24/7 Legal(3)Serving the Boerne area.(888) 659-7710Need A Lawyer?  Call 24/7 Legal.  Get Help Now.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoThe Law Offices of Juan Hernandez(7)Serving the Boerne area.(888) 287-0349Call Now, Free 24/7 ConsultationWebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Phillip Dale Green - San Antonio, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Phillip Dale Green in San Antonio, TX


Phillip Dale Green

                                                                           Intelius found that Phillip Dale Green  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from San Antonio, TX.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Phil  Green


Get Report Now

Age

Phillip Dale Green is in his 60s

Phillip Has Lived In

San Antonio, TX
Boerne, TX
Laurel, MD

Phillip's Relatives

Sandra Green
Preston Green
Mike Green
Charlie Green







Phillip Dale Green



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
AT&T Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Phillip? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Phillip, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Phillip Dale Green
Get a Criminal Check on Phillip Dale Green
Get a Public Record Report on Phillip Dale Green
Get a People Search Report on Phillip Dale Green


Phillip Dale Green's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Phillip Dale Green has lived as well as Phillip Dale Green's phone numbers and email addresses.




Phillip Dale Green Has Lived in 2 States
Texas Address for Phillip Dale Green


13215 D** M**** V** 

San Antonio, TX


Has Lived In

San Antonio, TX
Boerne, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Phillip Dale Green

(830) ***-**** - Boerne, TX 
(830) ***-**** - Boerne, TX 
(210) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Phillip Dale Green

p****n@***.com
p****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Phillip Dale Green's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Phillip Dale Green's academic history.  Find out which schools Phillip Dale Green attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Phillip Dale Green received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Phillip Dale Green Has Attended 1 School
The University of Texas at Austin Phillip Dale Green has a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting               


Phillip Dale Green's Professional Information
Information regarding Phillip Dale Green's professional history.  Find out previous places Phillip Dale Green has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Phillip Dale Green Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: AT&T Inc.
               
Company: Frost Bank
               Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Phillip Dale Green's Experience
Title: 
               Company: AT&T Inc.
Job Details
               AT&T Corp. is a business services communications provider, offering a variety of global communications services to over two-million customers, including large domestic and multinational businesses, small and medium-sized businesses and government agencies. The Company operates a telecommunications networks in the United States and, through the Global Network Services, provides an array of services, and customized solutions in 60 countries and 850 cities worldwide. On January 30, 2005 it entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with SBC Communications, Inc. (SBC) and a subsidiary of SBC.
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Frost Bank
Job Details
               Frost is the banking, investments and insurance subsidiary of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE: CFR), a financial holding company with $29.0 billion in assets at March 31, 2016. One of the 50 largest U.S. banks by asset size, Frost provides a full range of banking investments and insurance services to businesses and individuals in the Austin, Corpus Christi, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, Permian Basin, Rio Grande Valley and San Antonio regions. Founded in 1868, Frost has helped Texans with their financial needs during three centuries.
Additional Professional Information on Phillip Dale Green

 See Phillip Dale Green's LinkedIn Profile



Phillip Dale Green's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Phillip Dale Green


Phillip Dale Green's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Phillip Dale Green's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Phillip Green
Username Matches

                  PhillipGreen
                  GreenPhillip
                  Phillip.Green
                  Green.Phillip
                  Phillip_Green
                  Green_Phillip
                  Phillip-Green
                  Green-Phillip
                  PGreen
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
P Green







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














                          New Veteran Support Fund hopes to raise $30 million for five groups - The Washington Post                                                                       2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                   Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                 Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Politics   New Veteran Support Fund hopes to raise $30 million for five groups               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Steve Vogel  By Steve Vogel   June 27, 2012  Follow @steve_vogel     Philip D. Green recalls waking with a start at his Arlington home about nine months ago, feeling suddenly grateful that none of his three children were serving in Iraq or Afghanistan. One was safely ensconced in law school, another was in medical school, and the third was giving farming a go. But mulling it over further, Green, the 62-year-old president of PDG Consulting, a Washington-based health-care consulting firm, began to think about those parents whose sons and daughters are serving in combat zones. “It occurred to me they have the same sleepless nights I was trying to avoid,” Green said Tuesday. “It was fundamentally unfair.” On Wednesday, the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA) will announce the launch of the Veteran Support Fund, which grew out of Green’s revelation. The fund has a goal of collecting $30 million for the IAVA and four other veterans groups, money Green hopes to raise from families like his: those without members serving in the military.   Philip D. Green and Elizabeth L. Cobbs helped launch the Veteran Support Fund. To jump-start the fund, they donated $600,000. (Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America)  “There’s enormous wealth in this country, and many of the particularly wealthy folks, I suspect, are those whose sons and daughters didn’t serve,” said Green, whose wife, Elizabeth L. Cobbs, is a physician and chief of geriatrics, extended care and palliative care at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Washington. Paul Rieckhoff, founder of the IAVA, said, “They want people to know that they can do more than show a yellow ribbon.” Green is joined in the effort by two friends, Glenn Garland and Jim Stimmel, both executives with Clearesult, an energy optimization company based in Austin. To jump-start the fund, the Green family donated $600,000, while the Garlands and the Stimmels each donated $250,000. The other organizations to be aided by the fund are the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, which seeks to help the families of military members who die in service; the National Military Family Association, which works on behalf of programs and benefits supporting military families; Operation Homefront, which provides emergency financial aid and other assistance to military families; and Operation Mend, which provides lifelong support to the most critically injured Iraq and Afghanistan veterans. “None of these organizations are swimming in money, but they’re all seeing demand for their services go through the roof,” Rieckhoff said.          politics   Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters      false     The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters.   Try 1 month for 99¢         politics   Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters      true     The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters.   Try 1 month for 99¢              Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                                  Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                           Most Read        1   ‘Obamacare is death’: Trump urges Republicans to move ahead with health-care overhaul       2    Analysis  Jared Kushner’s ‘I did not collude’ statement, parsed       3    Analysis  Trump does not understand what the role of the press is       4    Analysis  In 47 states, a smaller part of the population now approves of Trump than voted for him       5    Analysis  If donations to Democrats mean you’re anti-Trump, the White House is in very deep trouble            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe                   Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts          politics       Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                                                              Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390123259993-463803450929316474