





Gregory Nathaniel W Qffl0007222 (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222

Gregory, Nathaniel, W. Qffl0007222 imports from Gregory, Nathaniel, W. Qffl0007222 in Japan through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222 and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 HOT TOPIC MERCHANDISE INC.
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222
Gregory, Nathaniel, W. Qffl0007222 imports from Gregory, Nathaniel, W. Qffl0007222 in Japan through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



GREGORY, NATHANIEL, W. QFFL0007222
SENTRY HOUSEHOULD SHIPPING, INC. 5725 PARADISE DR. #1000 CORTE MADER CA 94925


GREGORY, NATHANIEL, W. QFFL0007222
DIRECTOR, ATTN PPD JPPSO SAT 613 NORTHWEST LOOP 410, STE 400 SAN ANTONIO TX 78216-5518



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



TRI-STAR FREIGHT SYSTEMS, INC.
8600 JESSE B. SMITH COURT, UNIT 1 JACKSONVILLE, FL. 32219



1-1
1-1





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



APLU021982657


APHU7274078
APHU7274078


Product Description




DOD-SPONSORED SHIPMENT PACKED IN             ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE DOD               PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS MILITARY              HHG                                          NO EEI REQUIRED PER FTR 30.40-B-             --- CODE- 4 ---                              1 PEFG GREGORY, NATHANIEL, W.
QFFL0007222 PS-1 OF 
DOD-SPONSORED SHIPMENT PACKED IN             ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE DOD               PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS MILITARY              HHG                                          NO EEI REQUIRED PER FTR 30.40-B-             --- CODE- 4 ---                              1 PEFG GREGORY, NATHANIEL, W.
QFFL0007222 PS-1 OF 1 GRS-551                NET-290 CFT-54



View more








Bill of LadingAPLU300614107Arrival Date2013-08-19Weight (LB)550Weight (KG)250UnitsCMQuantity1 VPKContainer Count1Voyage No.00174Port of LoadingYOKOHAMAPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameAPL THAILANDCarrier CodeAPLUCountry Of OriginJapanPlace Of ReceiptYOKOHAMA, JA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222 has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Gregory  Nathaniel  W  Qffl0007222
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Meiwo Design                                



                                    Shenzhen Youpoo Technology                                



                                    American Promotional Events, Inc. N                                



                                    Gbk Sports Llc Floor Ball Planet                                



                                    Nanjing Xujun Machiniacl Parts Manu                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2982
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X






















 


 
Gregory Nathaniel - Hudl

































































Gregory Nathaniel


            August 24th, 2012
        











Joined Hudl
24 August 2012










































 








Gregory, Nathaniel A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Nathaniel A. Gregory
NATHANIEL A. GREGORY has served as Chairman of the Board and CEO of
NATCO Group, Inc. since April 1, 1993. Prior to joining NATCO, Mr.
Gregory held a number of positions in both the engineering and
construction industries and in investment banking, including Chief
Economist of Bechtel Corporation in San Francisco and General Partner at
Lazard Frres & Co. in New York. He holds a BA from the University of
North Carolina at Chapel Hill, an MA in American Government from
Georgetown University, and a PhD in Economics from the University of
Chicago. Mr. Gregory is also currently a director of Mrs. Fields Holding
Company and Managing Director of Capricorn Holdings, LLC, a private
equity fund located in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Related Interviews:Nathaniel Gregory - Natco Group Inc (ntg)December 03, 2001Nathaniel Gregory - Natco Group Inc (ntg)October 23, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 


Gregory Nathaniel White | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Gregory Nathaniel White--LocationFredericksburg, VirginiaIndustryWarehousingPreviousDMG (Dedicated Management Group), Target, Walmart eCommerceEducationMassaponax High School1 connectionView Gregory Nathaniel’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Gregory Nathaniel’s Full ProfileExperienceMerchandiser UnloaderDMG (Dedicated Management Group)February 2013  –  August 2013 (7 months)Duties included but are not limited to: •	Worked during the first shift, which was from 6am to 2pm•	Accounted for how much freight was coming in for the day•	 Assigned to one truck but averaged 3-5 trucks daily•	 Broke down and separated 80-100 pallets of products daily•	 Responsible for training new employees on the fork lift and power jack as well as time sheet knowledge and maintenance•	 Was in charge of time management with other team memberEarly morning Stocker (Seasonal)TargetOctober 2012  –  January 2013 (4 months)Duties Included but not limited to:•	Responsible for overnight stocking, store’s overall appearance, and customer service•	 Unloaded the freight trucks from conveyor belts•	Separated an organized all merchandise onto appropriate pallets to distribute throughout the entire store for restocking•	 Restocked shelves in every department of the store•	Made sure store appearance was clean, clutter free, an organized for customers•	 Relocated leftover product to the backroom and kept the merchandise organized for future needs•	 Lastly awarded customers with excellent customer service in helping with their entire store needs.Cargo Handler/ Over night StockerWalmart eCommerceJuly 2011  –  May 2012 (11 months)Duties Included but not limited to: •	Started each night off with a quick-start meeting with team to be informed of how much freight was coming in that night•	 Responsible for unloading the freezer trucks•	 Would get between 1-3 trucks a night with 8 pallets to a truck•	 Used hand held pallet jack to unload merchandise.•	Supervised and responsible for restocking the dairy section of the store often times by myself•	 Reported damaged goods and or expired foods on a claim out sheet•	 Helped train new employees on the proper way to unload and the restocking of merchandise•	 Once the dairy section was completed I would go and help other associates I knew who needed help with restocking or organizing their section of the store•	Since the store was open for 24 hours all customers I came in contact with received excellent customer service at all times with their shopping needs.EducationMassaponax High SchoolDiploma, General StudiesDiploma, General Studies2007  –  2011Activities and Societies: Football & BasketballView Gregory Nathaniel’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Gregory Nathaniel directlyView Gregory Nathaniel’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishFrenchChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedJEAN-LUC GRELLIER--JEAN-LUC Grellier--Catherine HenryPromotion, relations libraires, salons et festivals aux éditions Zulmasylvie sanchis--Jean-Yves MurzinKaren PelluaultChef de projet webmarketing Aviva Direct,  Aviva FranceBruno BOSSARDVendeur Services Énergie chez Schneider ElectricOlivier Ledureétudes marketing bancaire chez HSBCBruno PerrinTechnicien en gestion de réseaux informatiques chez MRC de D'AutrayJulie PERESChargée de développement en RHPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country





















    Nathaniel Gregory on Prezi
CreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano
                Nathaniel Gregory
            
                
                    
                        Nathaniel Gregory is using Prezi to create and share presentations online.
                    
                
            
            ♥ Prezi?
            Sign up now, it's free!
        
            Prezis
        (4)
        
    Stephen Hawking
            
                by Nathaniel Gregory on 6 December 2013
            
        ReusableLiterary Genre Prezi
            
                by Nathaniel Gregory on 19 November 2013
            
        ReusableUntitled Prezi
            
                by Nathaniel Gregory on 14 November 2013
            
        ReusableUntitled Prezi
            
                by Nathaniel Gregory on 14 November 2013
            
        ReusableProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        Terms


MIT Sloan Faculty Expertise Guide: Faculty Bio: Nathaniel Gregory

















































Academic Programs
MBA Program
Leaders For Global Operations (LGO)
Master of Finance
Master of Science in Management Studies
System Design and Management (SDM)
PhD Program
MIT Sloan Fellows Program
MIT Executive MBA
Executive Education
Visiting Fellows Program
Undergraduate Programs
Office of International Programs
Admissions


Faculty & Research
News and Publications
Research Spotlight
Research Centers
Academic Groups
LearningEdge
MIT Sloan Management Review
Faculty Directory


Alumni
Directory
Get Involved
Events
Publications
News
Resources
Give
Contact Us


Executive Programs
MIT Executive MBA
MIT Sloan Fellows Program (MBA or SM)
Executive Education


Corporate Connection

Newsroom
Articles
Press Releases
Media Highlights
Expertise Guide
Publications
RSS Feeds


About MIT Sloan
Facts and Figures
Campus Life
Leadership
Global Reach
History
Visit MIT Sloan
Work At MIT Sloan
Directory



























SEARCH MIT MANAGEMENT















Search the Guide




 
advanced search »
 







Browse the Guide:
Home
Faculty
Topics of Expertise
|
Notebook
Contact
Blog







Nathaniel Gregory
Senior Lecturer in Finance







Nat Gregory is a Senior Lecturer at the MIT Sloan School of Management.Before joining MIT Sloan School of Management in the fall of 2013, Nat Gregory was Clinical Professor of Finance at University of Chicago Booth School of Business, where he taught from 2005-2013. Prior to Chicago Booth, he was chairman and CEO of NATCO Group, Inc., a NYSE oilfield equipment and services company.  Prior to NATCO, Gregory held various positions in investment banking, including general partner in mergers and acquisitions at Lazard Freres & Co in the 1980s.  In addition, he was for a number of years a managing director at a private equity firm, Capricorn Holdings. Gregory has served on several boards of directors, including Rotech Healthcare, Plainfield Direct, NATCO Group, Mrs. Fields Cookies and Marine Drilling.  In the early 1980s, he was Chief Economist and a VP Financial Services at Bechtel Group, a privately owned engineering contractor based in San Francisco.  Prior to Bechtel and before graduate school, he had been a foreign affairs analyst and speechwriter at the Congressional Research Service in Washington, DC.Gregory earned his PhD in economics at the University of Chicago in 1980, with concentrations in the fields of mathematical economics and law and economics.  Gregory also holds a master's degree in American Government from Georgetown University and a master's degree in Public Policy from the University of Chicago.



General Expertise: Corporate finance
 


For more background on this faculty member's research and academic initiatives, please visit the MIT Sloan faculty directory.


Contact Information
Office: E62-625
Tel: (617) 324-7312
E-mail: ngregory@mit.edu
Download vcard »
Support Staff
Laura Brentrup
Tel: (617) 715-2845
E-mail: brentrup@mit.edu

Research Papers
http://mitsloan.mit.edu/faculty/publications.php?in_spseqno=55733&co_list=F







Can't find whatyou're looking for?
Contact us.



Paul Denning
        Director of Media
        Relations
        617.253.0576
denning@mit.edu


Patricia Favreau
        Associate Director of
        Media Relations
        617.253.3492
pfavreau@mit.edu


 ©2010 MIT Sloan School of Management









Gregory Nathaniel Head - Norton, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Gregory Nathaniel Head in Norton, MA


Gregory Nathaniel Head

                                                                           Intelius found that Gregory Nathaniel Head  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Norton, MA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Greg  Head


Get Report Now

Age

Gregory Nathaniel Head is in his 40s

Gregory Has Lived In

Norton, MA
Tarpon Springs, FL
Abington, MA

Gregory's Relatives

Jennifer Patry
Donn Head
Donna Burford
Gordon Head







Gregory Nathaniel Head



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Electro Mechanical Tech at Horizon Beverage Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Gregory? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Gregory, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Gregory Nathaniel Head
Get a Criminal Check on Gregory Nathaniel Head
Get a Public Record Report on Gregory Nathaniel Head
Get a People Search Report on Gregory Nathaniel Head


Gregory Nathaniel Head's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Gregory Nathaniel Head has lived as well as Gregory Nathaniel Head's phone numbers and email addresses.




Gregory Nathaniel Head Has Lived in 4 States
Massachusetts Address for Gregory Nathaniel Head


196 J*** S**** B*** 

Norton, MA


Has Lived In

Norton, MA
Tarpon Springs, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Gregory Nathaniel Head

() ***-**** - Norton, MA 
(603) ***-**** - North Conway, NH 
(508) ***-**** - Avon, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Gregory Nathaniel Head

g***d@***.com
g********8@***.com


Get Email Report




Gregory Nathaniel Head's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Gregory Nathaniel Head's academic history.  Find out which schools Gregory Nathaniel Head attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Gregory Nathaniel Head received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gregory Nathaniel Head Has Attended 3 Schools
USN A Electrical 
Abington High School               1991 – 1994                              
Abington High School               1990 – 1994                              


Gregory Nathaniel Head's Professional Information
Information regarding Gregory Nathaniel Head's professional history.  Find out previous places Gregory Nathaniel Head has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gregory Nathaniel Head Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Horizon Beverage Company
               Title: Electro Mechanical Tech
Company: Evergreen Solar , Inc.
               Title: R&d Engineering Tech
Gregory Nathaniel Head's Experience
Title: Electro Mechanical Tech
               Company: Horizon Beverage Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Horizon Beverage Company, originally known as Brockton Wholesale Beverage of Massachusetts, was founded in 1933 by Morris Sims the day after the repeal of Prohibition. The operation was a simple one with 6 salesmen working out of garage in downtown Brockton, MA. Morris was later joined in the business by his two sons-in-laws, Harold Rubenstein and Arthur Epstein. At the time, Brockton Wholesale Beverage was just one of many wholesalers operating on the south shore. In the early 1980's, the company started expanding its territory throughout the state. Morris's grandsons Robert Epstein and James Rubenstein joined the company in the mid 1960's and the pace of growth quickened. The company began acquiring other wholesalers and adding new lines to its growing portfolio. Soon the company was reorganized into two separate sales forces, the Premium Division and the Coastal Division. This multiple sales force model, which was unheard of at the time, was necessary to properly represent the brands of our key suppliers as well as to give our customers enough attention to make good purchasing decisions. We still operate these two sales forces today, and have since added others to support our sales. In 1984 the company had established a presence in western MA in order to serve the needs of the western Massachusetts retailers. In 1991, the western operation moved into a new 100,000 square foot warehouse in Ludlow, MA. This is the only full-service wholesaler facility located west of Worcester, MA. In 1995 the company continued its expansion by creating a brokerage operation located in Concord, NH, to act as a wine and spirits broker in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont. Then, in 2012, Horizon Beverage moved into its new headquarters in Norton, MA, a state of the art facility with over 600,000 square feet of temperature-controlled warehouse space and 70,000 square feet of office space. In 1998, the company purchased the largest distributor in Rhode Island, Copley-Fradin Distributors, Inc. It was then decided that a new name was required to reflect the truly regional nature of the organization's business, and the Horizon Beverage Group was born. Today, the Horizon Beverage Group employs over 700 people throughout MA, RI, NH, ME and VT. The 4th generation owners, Doug Epstein, Michael Epstein, Ben Rubenstein and Sam Rubenstein, have joined their fathers in the management of Horizon, and the company is uniquely positioned to meet the needs of its customers in the years ahead.
Title: R&d Engineering Tech
               Company: Evergreen Solar , Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Gregory Nathaniel Head

 See Gregory Nathaniel Head's LinkedIn Profile



Gregory Nathaniel Head's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Gregory Nathaniel Head


Gregory Nathaniel Head's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Gregory Nathaniel Head's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Gregory Head
Username Matches

                  GregoryHead
                  HeadGregory
                  Gregory.Head
                  Head.Gregory
                  Gregory_Head
                  Head_Gregory
                  Gregory-Head
                  Head-Gregory
                  GHead
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Head







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Gregory Nathaniel Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Gregory Nathaniel Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Gregory's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Gregory Nathaniel's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Gregory Nathaniel's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Gregory Nathaniel 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Gregory’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailGregory’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Gregory’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Gregory is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Gregory’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Gregory is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Gregory's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Gregory's background in the comforts of home.
Gregory will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Gregory's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Gregory Nathaniel, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Gregory's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























