

Griffin Products








 
 



 








































































































































































































 





Griffin Products








 
 



 




























 



Lifetime 
                              Warranty







                              All equipment manufactured by Griffin Products is 
                              warranted to be free from defects in materials and 
                              workmanship for the life of the equipment. Upon 
                              factory inspection, Griffin Products will repair 
                              or replace equipment found to be defective. 

                              No equipment may be returned without a return authorization 
                              number. Equipment must be returned freight prepaid. 
                              Griffin Products will prepay freight for shipment 
                              of equipment back to the customer. This warranty 
                              applies to original purchaser only. 

                              This warranty does not cover defects resulting from 
                              alterations, abuse, damage or repairs. This warranty 
                              does not cover items such as faucets, drains, casters, 
                              etc. This warranty limits Griffin Products’ 
                              liability to the cost of the defective equipment. 
                              This warranty does not cover the cost of removal/installation 
                              of equipment. No other warranty is express or implied. 
                              
























 






Griffin Products








 
 



 































 
Terms 
                              and Conditions





 
                              Pricing
                              All prices and product specifications are subject 
                              to change without notice. Prices are quoted in US 
                              dollars with a $25.00 minimum order. Prices are 
                              F.O.B. factory, Wills Point, Texas.

Taxes
                              Any applicable taxes will be added to the prices.

Credit
                              All orders are subject to credit approval. Orders 
                              may be refused, deposits required, production stopped, 
                              delivery withheld or shipments stopped in transit 
                              without any liability to Griffin Products, if the 
                              buyer’s ability to pay for the merchandise 
                              on the terms and conditions contained herein is 
                              in doubt.

Terms
                              Net 30 days from date of invoice on approved accounts. 
                              A 1-1/2% per month (18% annual) service charge may 
                              be added to past due accounts.

Damaged or Lost Shipments
                              The carrier who delivers merchandise to your door 
                              is responsible for loss and damage. Griffin Products’ 
                              liability ceases upon delivery of the goods to such 
                              carrier at our factory, and all goods are shipped 
                              at buyer’s risk. Acceptance of the shipment 
                              is acknowledgment that the articles delivered by 
                              the carrier were in good condition and properly 
                              packed. Here’s how to handle damages and shortages:

Visible Damage
 


Have 
                                        driver note on freight bill the nature 
                                        and extent of damages. 
Notify 
                                        the carrier’s office to inspect 
                                        the merchandise. 
File 
                                        claim for damages at once. In filing a 
                                        claim with the carrier, you may (a) make 
                                        a cash adjustment for full value, (b) 
                                        arrange to have repairs made or (c) replace 
                                        the merchandise. 




Concealed Damage
 


If 
                                        damage is noticed when merchandise is 
                                        unpacked, notify carrier’s office 
                                        immediately and ask to have it inspected. 
                                        
Do 
                                        not destroy packing material until shipment 
                                        is inspected and claim settled. 




Shortages
 


All 
                                        shortages must be reported immediately. 
                                        
Check 
                                        number of units delivered with the quantity 
                                        shown on your receipt. 
If 
                                        quantities do not tally, have driver note 
                                        shortage. If missing items do not show 
                                        up in a few days, advise us, and we will 
                                        investigate. 




Claims
                              All Claims for loss or damage should be filed immediately 
                              with the carrier making delivery to your door. Then 
                              notify us. We will mark our records accordingly. 
                              Should you need assistance with the claim, we will 
                              be glad to help.

Note: Do not return damaged merchandise, as 
                              carrier will pick it up after settling claim.

Returns
                              All sales are final. Returns will be at Griffin 
                              Products’ discretion. Equipment may not be 
                              returned for credit without prior written authorization. 
                              No returns allowed on non-stock or custom equipment. 
                              To obtain a return authorization number, call Griffin 
                              Products at (800) 379-9709. Equipment may be returned 
                              (freight prepaid) for credit within 60 days of the 
                              invoice date. Credit will be issued based on the 
                              price at time of purchase less a restock charge 
                              of 20% and any expense incurred returning the goods 
                              to saleable condition. Returns over 60 days will 
                              not be accepted. 


 





















 






Griffin Products









 
 



 































 Documents





To view these files, you will need the free Adobe Reader. Please call 800-379-9709 for pricing.

 





Portfolio - 1001 kb
Elkay Cross Reference - 161 kb
Specs

Scullery Sinks - 483 kb
Specialty Sinks - 349 kb
Drop-In Sinks - 180 kb
Undermount Sinks - 154 kb
Tables and Tops - 146 kb




















 






Griffin Products








 
 



 






























C60/75 Series Scullery 
                      Sinks

                      Coved corner design.
                      NSF approved construction.
                      Type-304 stainless steel construction.
                      Available in both 16 gauge (C60) and 14 gauge (C75).
                      Available in 1,2,3 and 4 compartment models.
                      12 standard bowl sizes.
                      True-Gauge bowl construction. Not deep drawn.
                      6 standard drainboard lengths. Mix and match.
                      1,862 configurations for both C60 and C75 models.
                      S/S legs are included.
                      S/S adjustable bullet feet are included.
                      3-1/2” basket drain included upon request.
                      Custom sizes are available.
                      Lifetime warranty.

Specifications





















 






Griffin Products








 
 



 
















































 


About 
                    Us

In 
                    1962, Jack and Bernie Knauss founded Terrell Equipment Company, 
                    Inc. The company was established in Terrell, Texas in an abandoned 
                    WWII army barrack out of which custom equipment and a line 
                    of square corner sinks were produced.

                    In 1968, Vernon Griffin joined the company. He became president 
                    in 1983 and co-owner in 1984. During his tenure, galvanized 
                    sink production ended and Terrell began production of a complete 
                    line of NSF approved stainless steel equipment.

                    Shane Griffin founded Express Equipment Fabricators, Inc. 
                    in 1994 in Seguin, Texas with the help of Janet Griffin, Amy 
                    Fritcher and Kenneth Fritcher. The name was changed in 1996 
                    to Griffin Products, Inc.; and the operations were moved to 
                    Wills Point, Texas in 1997. Vernon Griffin joined our company 
                    after closing Terrell in 1997.

                    Evidence of our experience in the industry is well represented 
                    in our products. Our square corner sinks are the same as their 
                    Terrell predecessors of 1962, and our coved corner sinks closely 
                    resemble those Terrell began producing in 1980. Although appearances 
                    are similar, much has changed in our production methods. Yet 
                    we continue to improve, not compromise our line of products, 
                    our quality and our services.

                    For those of you who knew him at Terrell, you will be happy 
                    to know that Jack Knauss still comes by from time to time 
                    to inspect our work. 

















 









GRIFFIN DAVID - APOPKA, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



APOPKA



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            GRIFFIN DAVID
                                    



 





















G 


GRIFFIN DAVID
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1015 LOVE LN APOPKA, FL 32703
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $82,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts DAVID GRIFFIN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Griffin David was founded in 2005. Griffin David specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Griffin David has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $82,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























Griffin David F - Insider Stock Trading - OpenInsider











Sector

All Sectors

Group by Sector


Aerospace
Agriculture
Automobile
Building
Business Services
Chemical
Electrical
Energy
Fashion
Financial
Food & Beverage
Fund
Healthcare
Household
Insurance
Machinery
Media
Metals
Mining
Other
Personal Services
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Telecom
Transportation
Utility




Industry

All Industries

Group by Industry






Insiders
Filings


All
Purchases
Sales

CIK: 1248930 - Address: C/o Frederic Dorwart, 124 E Fourth Street, Tulsa, OK 74103 


DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price
AAmended filing
EError detected in filing



S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another person

S - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)

F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company

P - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person


Return to top
Contact
Copyright © 2017 OpenInsider.com. All rights reserved.













Ozone sterilization method and product - GRIFFIN; DAVID



































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Ozone sterilization method and product                





                    United States Patent 5241803                












Abstract:

            A method of sterilizing medical products with an ozone-rich atmosphere is disclosed. The method avoids contamination problems that can arise under prior art ethylene oxide sterilization methods. Moderate, carefully controlled conditions are used. The method is particularly suited to the sterilization of sensitive materials such as catgut, polyglycolics and other absorbable synthetic polymeric replacements for catgut. The invention includes sterilized products produced by these methods.        















Inventors:

                            Griffin, David (P.O. Box 200, Irvington, NY, 10533)                




Application Number:

            07/849195        



Publication Date:

            09/07/1993        



Filing Date:

            03/11/1992        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            GRIFFIN; DAVID                




Primary Class:

53/425 



Other Classes:

                                    53/111RC,                                    53/426                            



International Classes:

A61L2/20; B65B55/18; (IPC1-7): B65B55/10        




Field of Search:

            53/425, 53/426, 53/431, 53/428, 53/111RC, 53/111R        



View Patent Images:

Download PDF 5241803                 
                  PDF help




US Patent References:



5014494Method of sterilizing medical articles1991-05-14George53/4254603538Method of preparing a double sterile package1986-08-05Shave53/4254470240Production of sterile packages1984-09-11Torterotot et al.53/4253815315ETHYLENE OXIDE STERILIZATION OF MOISTURE SENSITIVE SURGICAL ELEMENTS1974-06-11Glick53/4253726057SUTURE PACKAGING1973-04-10Kemble53/4252917878Method of sterile packing1959-12-22Carnarius et al.53/426 











Primary Examiner:

            Coan, James F.        




Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Handal & Morofsky                





Claims:

            I claim:
                1. A method of sterilizing a product for use in medical treatment, said product being a sensitive medical material subject to degradation, said method comprising:   a) charging said product into an open sealable package;   b) treating said package and product in an enclosed container with an ozone atmosphere in which ozone is present at a sufficient concentration to be an effective sterilant, said treatment having a duration of less than twenty-four hours at a temperature not exceeding 100° F. and at a pressure below one atmosphere gauge and being conducted to provide effective sterilization without degrading said sensitive medical material; and   c) sealing said package around said product in a sterile environment to provide a sterilized product. 
                    2. A method according to claim 1 for sterilizing small destructible medical supplies of polyglycol or catgut, wherein said ozone treatment is effected substantially at room temperature for from 1 to 10 minutes at a pressure of from 5 to 10 psig employing a sterilizing atmosphere of dilute ozone at a concentration of from about 2 to about 6 percent by volume.                    
                    3. A method as in claim 1, applied to the sterilization of a product selected from the group consisting of stainless steel surgical staples, absorbable sutures, small medical devices and sensitive polymeric and biological materials.                    
                    4. A method according to claim 1 wherein said ozone treatment is conducted in a dry atmosphere.                    
                    5. A method according to claim 1 wherein said ozone atmosphere comprises ozone in a concentration of from 5 to 25 percent by volume, the balance being an inactive diluent.                    
                    6. A method according to claim 1 wherein said product is formed of a material selected from the group consisting of polyglycolic acid and catgut.                    
                    7. A method according to claim 1 including flushing the sterilized package with a hydrogen-containing gaseous reducing agent.                    
                    8. A method according to claim 1 comprising the step of sealing a reducing agent in said package.                    
                    9. A method according to claim 1 including diluting a source of concentrated or nearly pure ozone with a metered proportion of an inactive diluent gas.                    
                    10. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the steps of putting said package in an ozone permeable outer envelope, sealing said outer envelope and exposing said sealed outer envelope to an atmosphere containing a concentration of ozone.                    
                    11. A sterilized product produced by the method of claim 1.                    




Description:

TECHNICAL FIELDThe present invention relates to the sterilization of small articles, for example, surgical devices and supplies. Such articles include surgical staples and sutures. BACKGROUND The need for thorough sterilization of surgical implements and supplies is of course well known and painstaking and expensive steps are often taken to ensure the highest levels of sterility for medical supplies and equipment. By way of example of a well developed field of prior art is a series of patents to Glick, including U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,728,839, 3,815,315 and 4,135,622 which relate to the particular problems encountered in sterilizing absorbable sutures without degrading them, and especially in sterilizing sutures and other medical devices made of polyglycolic acid. U.S. Pat. No. 3,549,528 to Armstrong discloses a liquid-phase process for sterilization of surgical or medical instruments using ozonized oxygen. The liquid phase (typically aqueous) is pretreated under pressure with turbulence, to achieve maximum uniformity of oxygen-ozone concentration throughout the fluid. Such a liquid phase sterilization process is not appropriate for small medical devices, including absorbable sutures, staples and the like, which can be sensitive to moisture, and are subject to decomposition or degradation. As reported by Armstrong, ozone is contraindicated as a gas-phase sterilant for medical equipment and supplies because of the difficulty in controlling the concentration and the consistent effectiveness of ozone. (Col. 1 lines 67-69.) SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION This invention solves a problem. In particular it solves the problem of providing an improved method of sterilization which is reliable, safe, and non-destructive for metallic surgical elements, and even for sensitive, polymeric and biological materials, while at the same time being non-contaminating and non-polluting. Still more particularly, the invention provides such a method which is suitable for sterilization of supplies or devices in packages that are sealed after sterilization. While Glick discloses such a package in the form of a multi-layer envelope including a laminated sheath in which aluminum foil is sandwiched between polyethylene layers and the envelope is further sealed within a paper pouch, Glick uses ethylene-oxide sterilization. I have discovered that although widely practiced, ethylene oxide sterilization methods can suffer from the drawback of residual contamination of the package or the sterilized contents by the ethylene oxide, or by gaseous contaminants associated with ethylene oxide gas technology or by reaction products of these gases with the package material or contents. Another possible route of contamination or retention of ethylene oxide in the package for subsequent release is by absorption by or coating of the polymeric liner, for example polyethylene, which is usually used to provide a heat-sealable envelope. Ethylene oxide is an extremely noxious explosive material, gaseous at warmer room temperatures, but liquid at cooler room temperatures (below 12° C., 53° F.). It is probably carcinogenic, and is highly irritating to eyes and mucous membranes It has also been linked to pulmonary edema. Substantial residues from ethylene oxide treatment can clearly pose a hazard to workers exposed to them, and may constitute an environmental hazard from significant quantities of contaminated packaging. Because of its unpleasant characteristics, ethylene oxide treatments are complex and expensive, employing, for example, polyhalogenated alkane gases such as Freon (DuPont), as diluents to nugate its explosivity. Such gases are expensive and require careful confinement to avoid deleterious environmental consequences. Accordingly, the present invention provides a method of sterilizing supplies and devices of a size that can readily be handled manually, especially medical supplies and devices, which method comprises treating such supplies and devices in an enclosed environment with an ozone atmosphere in which ozone is present at a sufficient concentration to be an effective sterilant. The method is preferably conducted under moderate conditions of temperature, pressure and time to provide effective sterilization without degrading sensitive medical materials such as catgut or polyglycol. Clearly, stainless steel surgical elements, such as surgical staples, can withstand more rigorous conditions.   DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS The duration of the ozone treatment should be quite short for non-metallic products. Because of the efficacy of ozone, whereas an hour may produce particularly thorough sterilization of stainless steel products, less than ten minutes and preferably from 1 to 5 minutes is adequate for destructible materials such as polyglycol and catgut. Excessive ozone exposure can degrade sensitive materials. Moderate temperatures not exceeding 100° F. are desirable, while room-temperature treatments of from 60° to 80° F. are preferred. Pressures below one atmosphere gauge are effective, with from five to ten psig being preferred. The particular reaction conditions chosen will depend upon the concentration of ozone. Since high concentrations of ozone are expensive and could be unduly reactive, diluted ozone is preferred. The ozone concentration is preferably less than 25 percent, and more preferably 10 percent or under with from about 2 to about 6 percent, by volume, being practical, the balance being an inactive diluent which can include oxygen. Polyhalogenated alkanes, such as Fluon, used by the prior art as diluents for ethylene oxide, are not needed for ozone. Suitable diluents include air and other oxygen-containing gaseous mixtures, though care must be taken to avoid oxidation of the package liner or contents Preferred diluent gases include inactive or inert gases or gaseous mixtures such as nitrogen, or deoxygenated air, carbon dioxide and argon. An ozone-rich atmosphere for use in the process of the invention can be provided in situ by electrical discharge treatment of air, to provide a concentration of from 1 to 10% ozone, preferably from 2 to 6 percent. It is desirable to control and monitor the ozone concentration so that its limits of variation are known and stabilized for effective management of the sterilization process. Furthermore, accurate control of the sterilization conditions with verification of efficacy permits its optimization to avoid degradation of the sterilized product while obtaining acceptable levels of or acceptable confidence levels of sterilization. These considerations are of course important for the sensitive materials mentioned above, notably catgut and polyglycolic acids. Such materials are well known to the art, as are their embodiments in orthopedic and surgical devices and in sutures, staples, dressings, swabs and bandages, as is disclosed in some detail in the Glick patents cited above, the disclosures of which are herein incorporated by reference thereto Because of the sensitivity of polyglycolic acids to moisture, the treatment process of this invention is effected under dry conditions when employed for sterilizing such materials. The use of an ozone atmosphere in the manner of this invention is particularly well suited to such a dry process. The invention can be carried out using a package for the sterilized contents which is substantially as disclosed in the Glick patents. Such a package comprises an envelope of multilayer material which material is a sandwich of aluminum foil between heat-sealable polymeric inner and outer liners. The polymer, as mentioned above, can be polyethylene and is sealed into an open pouch. The pouch is filled with items or materials which are sterilized in a first sterilization step in the open pouch by maintaining the contents and the pouch in an ozone-rich atmosphere of particular concentration for a period of time sufficient to kill any undesirable organisms on the pouch and its contents. The pouch is then heat-sealed across its opening, while still in a sterile atmosphere. The foil filling to the laminate package wall provides a moisture barrier. This inner sealed, sterilized package is further sealed inside a strippable paper outer package or wrapper, which may contain printed information about the contents and which may be subjected to a second sterilization step. The present invention extends to a packaging and sterilization method which is of the type disclosed in the Glick patents, with the difference that an ozone-rich atmosphere, as described above, is used in place of the ethylene-dioxide-containing gas or gaseous mixture disclosed by Glick and reaction conditions as described herein are used for the ozone treatment. Thus, the second sterilization step can also be carried out in an ozone-permeable sealed outer package which is not permeable to bacteria, viral, fungal or other bioactive contaminants, or alternatively is sterilized and supplied with a sterile ozone mixture. When the outer package is placed in an atmosphere of ozone, ozone permeates the same, sterilizing the outer package and the inner bag inside it. The sterilization may be carried out by placing the sealed outer package with the sealed inner package inside it in a container in a chamber, having an ozone-rich atmosphere, then transferring the package to a second chamber where the ozone would be removed. If desired, the loaded package can be evacuated before or after sterilization, or both. Also, the sterilized package can be flushed out with a sterile inert gas, for example nitrogen or air, after sterilization, and such a gas may be sealed in the package. For moisture-sensitive materials or products, one or more desiccation steps can be included. To arrest any undesired oxidative effects of ozone, the package can be treated with a reducing agent, for example a hydrogen-containing gas, preferably in a dry gaseous stream to remove any reaction product water vapor, after sterilization. A suitable gas is a dry sterilized stream of nitrogen containing a small proportion of hydrogen by volume, for example 10 percent or less, preferably from 2 to 5 percent. Alternatively a small quantity of a dry, preferably hygroscopic sterile reducing agent can be included in the package, for example, as a thin layer of slowly oxidizable material in a multilayer package material. Oxidation of the material should not occur so quickly as to outpace sterilization. Any such included reducing agent should however, preferably be biologically innoccuous and absorbable, or well secured to the package, in view of the risk of displacement into a surgical opening in a patient. EXAMPLE Three thirty-six inch lengths of polyglycolic acid braided sutures each having a half-circle taper point needle and being wrapped or mounted on separate paper spools, are packaged in a laminar polyethylene-foil envelope, as described above, and sterilized by a method including the following steps. After forming a four-sided envelope and charging it with the sutures, the loaded envelope is placed in a gas permeable container which is not permeable to bacteria and other biological agents, and this container is placed in an ozone sterilizing chamber. The oven is first evacuated and then is charged with a 3% by volume ozone-enriched air at about 70° F. and approximately 10 psig for three minutes with suitable gas-flow agitation to freshen the ozone-rich atmosphere contacting the sutures. The package is flushed with sterilized nitrogen containing a small proportion of hydrogen, such as five percent, and the package is evacuated and sealed in the manner described above. The product of the method of the example is a sterilized package of sutures free of any ethylene oxide residue or contamination which presents no hazards in handling or disposal. The invention of course extends to the treatment of a plurality of loaded packages in a batch or continuous process manner. The invention further extends to sterilized products produced by the inventive sterilization methods disclosed herein. While an illustrative embodiment of the invention has been described above, it is, of course, understood that various modifications will be apparent to those of ordinary skill in the art. Such modifications are within the spirit and scope of the invention, which is limited and defined only by the appended claims.  





<- Previous Patent (Package and method f...)   |   Next Patent (Vertical type formin...) ->










Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 



















About Us - www.davidgriffin.com

























							Our Company					


Welcome to the world and work of David Griffin & Company Realtors. Founded in 1982, the company is known for the distinctive and innovative way it approaches the Dallas residential real estate market and for the outstanding results it achieves for its clients.Company founder and president David Griffin says, “As a native Dallasite, I am always on the search to explore and know everything that is best and most stimulating about the city. What are the best neighborhoods, where are the coolest mid-century houses, which shops and restaurants are currently the best experiences?
“I grew up in what many consider to be one of the best neighborhoods Dallas has to offer, University Park. I attended all 12 grades in the Highland Park Independent School District. I studied English literature and hold a BA from Southern Methodist University. I did graduate work at the University of Texas in Dallas.
“When I was a kid, downtown Dallas was a vibrant place. By the time I was a young teenager, I was taking the bus downtown to go to the movies, bookstores, library and the record stores — my particular interests. I grew to love the bustle of downtown. All the things I loved the most were on a route I could walk on a Saturday. I also grew to appreciate the languor of the long Dallas summer, taking care of the yard, and the hominess of our 1920's Tudor that my parents had bought and remodeled in 1958. But the city and all that is urban was, if I am honest with myself today, what resonated most with me.
“I think I must have always loved looking at real estate. Maybe that is because my mother spent so long, when I was very young, house-hunting. I still remember a half a century later some of the houses we saw and what made an impression on me. I particularly liked buttons in the dining room floor where you could buzz the kitchen. Air conditioning units also held a fascination for me. Some were built into furniture and took up the whole end of a room — very fancy!
“After all these (and many more!) childhood experiences and school and college and part-time jobs, I found myself, courtesy of an aunt who loved to travel, able to go to Europe and backpack my way across Spain, Italy, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, France, Holland and Great Britain. Almost every day on the four-month journey, I thought about what to do next with my life. Do I go back to school and try and put my love of literature to some kind of remunerative use, or do I go into business? And what kind of career could I pursue with the education I had? The more I traveled, the more it dawned on me that what I probably enjoyed the most was getting to know people. I was meeting so many fellow student travelers, and after having gone to 12 years of school with basically the same kids, it was very expanding to meet and trade experiences with people from all over the world. A plan began to form in my mind that if I pursued real estate (and I thought from the very beginning residential real estate), that it would afford me the opportunities to meet all kinds of new people and yet remain near my family in my hometown.
“I started by selling homes in the Park Cities. My first two sales were in Highland Park — one on Armstrong and one on Westway. With that, I was quickly on my way. The business was a very good fit for me. I loved houses, and I loved courting people for their business. I was very green. When I did not know an answer, which was often, my natural response was to turn red. By 1980, my third year in the business, I was the number one agent in the Henry S. Miller office in Highland Park Village. By 1982 I was ready at the age of 29 to jump out on my own. Dallas was booming, and the sky was the limit. David Griffin & Company did amazingly well its first few years, growing to a company of about 20 agents. However, the economy crashed in 1985, and a few years later I remember questioning how I had ever gotten into such a God-forsaken business.
“Things did slowly get better in the late 80's, and we began branching out into the Lakewood and Oak Lawn neighborhoods. At one time or another I made each of these areas my home as I fell in love with White Rock Lake and the marvelous Spanish influenced homes in Lakewood, and then with the modern Oglesby-designed townhomes in Oak Lawn. By the mid 90's, after a decade or so of very slow growth in the marketplace, we started working with developers who saw the opportunity to redevelop the Oak Lawn/Turtle Creek neighborhood (or Uptown as it would later be named). In-town Dallas was beginning to change, and we were all over it representing buyers and sellers on all kinds of new townhome and condominium product. Our company, beginning in the mid 90's, started to see its production level and agent sponsorship begin to grow by leaps and bounds.
“From 1996 to 2007, we have seen the sales volume of the business increase 500%. The company has grown its business in a number of strategic ways. It has been the go-to company for developers on ‘in fill’ townhome and condominium product in Oak Lawn, Uptown, Turtle Creek, Old East Dallas and now in the Arts District downtown, North Oak Cliff and Victory Park. Whether it’s the Arts District's One Arts Plaza, Victory's The House, Southside's The Beat, the Cedars' Buzz, Kessler's Kessler Woods or East Dallas's Thirty Thirty Bryan, to name a few of the most innovative, David Griffin & Company has handled the marketing and brokerage.
“The company has continued to market new and to resell single-family homes in Dallas's coolest and most sought-after in-town neighborhoods. Our distinctive (and award-winning) signs with their black and teal color scheme pepper these neighborhoods. Our clients know that when they are looking to buy or sell in these neighborhoods, the most distinctive options are often in the David Griffin & Company inventory. We understand design and are the first choice Realtor when aesthetics and superb and caring service are important to a client.
“The agents at David Griffin & Company are one of the finest sales forces in the business. Our agents are carefully trained and educated not only about the neighborhoods and superb service, but also on contract negotiation and marketing. David Griffin & Company puts all agents new to the business through an extensive apprentice program. Experienced agents, more and more over the past few years, have joined the David Griffin & Company residential brokerage team because of greater perceived opportunity and innovative leadership that enables agents to grow their business in a proactive manner.” 
PrintEmail







David Griffin & Company Realtors
info@davidgriffin.com | 2626 Cole Avenue #705 | Dallas, TX 75204 | 214-526-5626











HomeProperty SearchHomes for SaleOur ListingsOpen HousesFind a LeaseModern HomesMobile AppsWorldwide SearchOur AgentsOur CompanyAbout UsContact UsRelocation ServicesResourcesBlogDTales

JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.



David F Griffin - Baltimore, MD | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David F Griffin in Baltimore, MD


David F Griffin

                                                                           Intelius found that David F Griffin  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Baltimore, MD.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David T Griffin


Get Report Now

Age

David F Griffin is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Baltimore, MD
Allentown, PA
Bryn Mawr, PA

David's Relatives

Fareedah Griffin
Oliver Griffin
Mina Griffin
Lydia Griffin







David F Griffin



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Carlsbad Plant Administration at Air Products and Chemicals , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David F Griffin
Get a Criminal Check on David F Griffin
Get a Public Record Report on David F Griffin
Get a People Search Report on David F Griffin


David F Griffin's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David F Griffin has lived as well as David F Griffin's phone numbers and email addresses.




David F Griffin Has Lived in 2 States
Maryland Address for David F Griffin


700 N********* R* 

Baltimore, MD


Has Lived In

Baltimore, MD
Allentown, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David F Griffin

(410) ***-**** - Catonsville, MD 
(410) ***-**** - Catonsville, MD 
(410) ***-**** - Baltimore, MD 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David F Griffin



Get Email Report




David F Griffin's Professional Information
Information regarding David F Griffin's professional history.  Find out previous places David F Griffin has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David F Griffin Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Air Products and Chemicals , Inc.
               Title: Carlsbad Plant Administration
David F Griffin's Experience
Title: Carlsbad Plant Administration
               Company: Air Products and Chemicals , Inc.
Job Details
               Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. serves technology, energy, industrial and healthcare customers globally with a portfolio of products, services and solutions that include atmospheric gases, process and specialty gases, performance materials, equipment and services. The Company is the supplier of hydrogen and helium and has built positions in growth markets, such as semiconductor materials, refinery hydrogen, natural gas liquefaction and advanced coatings and adhesives. The Company operates in four business segments: merchant gases, tonnage gases, electronic and performance materials, and equipment and energy. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008 (fiscal 2008), it sold its high purity process chemicals business. In June 2008, it sold the polymers emulsions business. In May 2009, the Company sold all of its United States home infusion therapy services business and some elements of its respiratory and home medical equipment business to OptionCare Enterprises, Inc.
Additional Professional Information on David F Griffin

 See David F Griffin's LinkedIn Profile



David F Griffin's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David F Griffin


David F Griffin's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David F Griffin's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Griffin
Username Matches

                  DavidGriffin
                  GriffinDavid
                  David.Griffin
                  Griffin.David
                  David_Griffin
                  Griffin_David
                  David-Griffin
                  Griffin-David
                  DGriffin
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Griffin







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















"Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl S" by Charles F. Babbs and David W. Griffin













































Skip to main content




Purdue e-Pubs

HomeAboutFAQMy Account







< Previous
Next >
 


Home
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		ENGR
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		BME
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		BMEPUBS
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		128












Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications
 



Title
Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl Sulfoxide: A Method to Quantify Hydroxyl Radical Formation in Physiologic Systems



Authors
Charles F. Babbs, Purdue UniversityFollow
David W. Griffin



Abstract
A major impediment to the confirmation of free radical mechanisms in pathogenesis is a lack of direct, chemical evidence that oxygen centered free radicals actually arise in living tissues in quantities sufficient to cause serious damage. This investigation was conducted to validate the use of dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) as a quantitative molecular probe for the generation of hydroxyl radicals (HO*) under physiologic conditions. Reaction of HO* with DMSO produces methane sulfinic acid (MSA) as a primary product, which can be detected by a simple colorimetric assay. To develop a method for estimating total HO* production, we studied two model systems: the superoxide driven Fenton reaction in vitro, using xanthine oxidase as the source of superoxide, and a computer model of Fenton chemistry. Measured MSA production both in vitro and in the computer model was a predictable function of the concentrations of DMSO and competing scavengers of HO*, according to the principle of competition kinetics. Both experimental results and model calculations showed that Scatchard analysis may be used to infer total HO* generation, despite the presence of scavengers other than DMSO, such as mannitol. Thus, methane sulfinic acid production from DMSO holds promise as an easily measured marker for HO* formation in biologic systems pretreated with DMSO, and Scatchard analysis of repeated experiments with varying DMSO concentrations can yield an estimate of total HO* generation.



Comments
This is the author accepted manuscript of Babbs, C.F. and Griffin, D.W. Scatchard analysis of methane sulfinic acid production from dimethyl sulfoxide: A method to quantify hydroxyl radical formation in physiologic systems, Free Radical Biology & Medicine, 6, 493-503, 1989. Copyright Elsevier, it is made available here CC-BY-NC-ND, and the version of record is available through the publisher at https://doi.org/10.1016/0891-5849(89)90042-7. 



Keywords
Hydroxyl radical, Lipid peroxidation, Oxygen toxicity, Reperfusion injury, Superoxide radical, Free radical



Date of this Version
1989



Recommended Citation
Babbs, Charles F. and Griffin, David W., "Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl Sulfoxide: A Method to Quantify Hydroxyl Radical Formation in Physiologic Systems" (1989). Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications. Paper 128.http://docs.lib.purdue.edu/bmepubs/128











        Download
      








Find in your library




 Downloads
Since June 29, 2017






Included in

Biomedical Engineering and Bioengineering Commons





Share















COinS




 




 
 




Enter search terms:
 
Select context to search:

in this series
in this repository
across all repositories


Advanced Search
 

Notify me via email or RSS


Links for Authors

Policies and Help Documentation
Author Addendum

Links

Purdue Libraries
Purdue University Press Journals


Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors






 




Digital Commons


Home | About | Policies and Help | My Account | Accessibility Statement

Privacy

                                Copyright
        













College of Engineering | Purdue University Scholarship Online | Purdue e-Pubs

























Skip to main content




Purdue e-Pubs

HomeAboutFAQMy Account







Home
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		ENGR



 


College of Engineering
 








Follow



Browse the College of Engineering Collections:
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering
Division of Construction Engineering and Management
Division of Environmental and Ecological Engineering
Experiment Station Bulletin
Freeform
Indiana Water Resources Research Center
Lyles School of Civil Engineering
School of Aeronautics and Astronautics
School of Agricultural & Biological Engineering
School of Chemical Engineering
School of Engineering Education
School of Industrial Engineering
School of Materials Engineering
School of Mechanical Engineering
School of Nuclear Engineering
Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering







 
 




Enter search terms:
 
Select context to search:

in this collection
in this repository
across all repositories


Advanced Search
 

Notify me via email or RSS

Links for Authors

Submit Research
Author Addendum


Links


College of Engineering Website

Purdue Libraries
Purdue University Press Journals


Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors






 




Digital Commons


Home | About | Policies and Help | My Account | Accessibility Statement

Privacy

                                Copyright
        













Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering | Purdue University Scholarship Online | Purdue e-Pubs

























Skip to main content




Purdue e-Pubs

HomeAboutFAQMy Account







Home
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		ENGR
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		BME



 


Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering
 




The Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering at Purdue University covers five areas of research which include Engineered Biomaterials and Tissue Systems, Biophotonics and Medical Imaging, Systems Science and Engineering, Neuroengineering, and Orthopaedic Biomechanics. The research performed at the Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering focuses on improving worldwide healthcare.




Follow



Browse the Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Collections:
Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications
Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Working Papers
Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Graduate Student Publications







 
 




Enter search terms:
 
Select context to search:

in this collection
in this repository
across all repositories


Advanced Search
 

Notify me via email or RSS

Links for Authors

Submit Research
Author Addendum


Links



Purdue Libraries
Purdue University Press Journals


Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors






 




Digital Commons


Home | About | Policies and Help | My Account | Accessibility Statement

Privacy

                                Copyright
        













Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications | Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering | Purdue University































Skip to main content




Purdue e-Pubs

HomeAboutFAQMy Account









Home
	 > 
		ENGR
	 > 
		BME
	 > 
		BMEPUBS





Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications
 




The Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering at Purdue University covers five areas of research which include Engineered Biomaterials and Tissue Systems, Biophotonics and Medical Imaging, Systems Science and Engineering, Neuroengineering, and Orthopaedic Biomechanics. The research performed at the Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering focuses on improving worldwide healthcare.
This series contains publications from the Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering at Purdue University.


Follow

index


		Submissions from 2016
		2016



PDF
A potential new technique to estimate the origins of focal atrial tachycardias from 12-lead electrocardiograms, Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 2015
		2015



PDF
The origin of Korotkoff sounds and the accuracy of auscultatory blood pressure measurements, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Optimizing strategies for population-based chlamydia infection screening among young women: An age-structured system dynamics approach Infectious Disease epidemiology, Yu Teng, Nan Kong, and Wanzhu Tu




		Submissions from 2014
		2014



PDF
A compact theory of magnetic nerve stimulation: predicting how to aim, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Choosing inclusion criteria that minimize the time and cost of clinical trials, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Noninvasive measurement of cardiac stroke volume using pulse wave velocity and aortic dimensions: a simulation study, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Gut Microbiota-Derived Short-Chain Fatty Acids, T Cells, and Inflammation, Chang Kim, Jeongho Park, and Myunghoo Kim



PDF
Ontogenetic Scaling Patterns and Functional Anatomy of the Pelvic Limb Musculature in Emus (Dromaius novaehollandiae), Luis P. Lamas, Russell P. Main, and John R. Hutchinson



PDF
Model-Based Analysis for Qualitative Data: An Application in Drosophila Germline Stem Cell Regulation., Michael S. Pargett, Ann E. Rundell, Gregery T. Buzzard, and David Michael Umulis



PDF
Physical Weight Loading Induces Expression of Tryptophan Hydroxylase 2 in the Brain Stem., Joon W. Shim, Todd R. Dodge, Max A. Hammond, Joseph M. Wallace, Feng C. Zhou, and Hiroki Yokota



PDF
Estimating Age-Dependent Per-Encounter Chlamydia Trachomatis Acquisition Risk Via a Markov-Based State-Transition Model., Yu Teng, Nan Kong, and Wanzhu Tu




		Submissions from 2013
		2013



PDF
Flow Measurements in a Blood-Perfused Collagen Vessel Using X-Ray Micro-Particle Image Velocimetry., Elizabeth Antoine, Cara Buchanan, Kamel Fezzaa, Wah-Keat Lee, Nichole Rylander, and Pavlos Vlachos



PDF
The Case for Inteposed Abdominal Compression CPR in Hospital Settings, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
We still need a real-time hemodynamic monitor for CPR, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Subtle Paranodal Injury Slows Impulse Conduction in a Mathematical Model of Myelinated Axons., Charles F. Babbs and Riyi Shi




		Submissions from 2012
		2012



PDF
Optimizing Electrode Placement for Hemodynamic Benefit in Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Oscillometric Measurement of Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressures Validated in a Physiologic Mathematical Model, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Predicting success or failure of immunotherapy for cancer: insights from a clinically applicable mathematical model, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
No-Shows to Primary Care Appointments: Subsequent Acute Care Utilization among Diabetic Patients, Lynn A. Nuti, Mark Lawley, Ayten Turkcan, Lingsong Zhang, Karen Chang, Deanna R. Willis, and Laura P. Sands



PDF
Differential Mitochondrial Toxicity Screening and Multi- Parametric Data Analysis, Maria V. Tsiper, Jennifer Sturgis, Larisa V. Avramova, Shilpa Parakh, Raymond Fatig, Ana Juan-García, Nianyu Li, Bartek Rajwa, Padma Narayanan, C. W. Wualls Jr., Joseph P. Robinson, and Vincent J. Davisson




		Submissions from 2011
		2011



PDF
Quantitative Reappraisal of the Helmholtz-Guyton Resonance Theory of Frequency Tuning in the Cochlea, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Real-Time CARS Imaging Reveals a Calpain-Dependent Pathway for Paranodal Myelin Retraction during High-Frequency Stimulation., Terry B. Huff, Yunzhou Shi, Wenjing Sun, Wei Wu, Riyi Shi, and Ji-Xin Cheng




		Submissions from 2010
		2010



PDF
Anterior-posterior impedance cardiography: a new approach to accurate, non-invasive monitoring of cardiac function, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Behavior of a Viscoelastic Valveless Pump: a Simple Theory with Experimental Validation, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
An Optimal Control Theory Approach to Non-Pharmaceutical Interventions, Feng Lin, Kumar Muthuraman, and Mark Lawley



PDF
Sensor to Detect Endothelialization on an Active Coronary Stent, Katherine M. Musick, Arthur C. Coffey, and Pedro P. Irazoqui Dr.



PDF
A Comparative Study of Fat Storage Quantitation in Nematode Caenorhabditis elegans Using Label and Label-Free Methods., Kelvin Yen, Thuc T. Le, Ankita Bansal, Sri Devi Narasimhan, Ji-Xin Cheng, and Heidi A. Tissenbaum




		Submissions from 2009
		2009



PDF
Quantitative prediction of body surface potentials from myocardial action potentials using a summed dipole model, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Neonatal CPR: room at the top—a mathematical study of optimal chest compression frequency versus body size, Charles F. Babbs, Andrew Meyer, and Vinay Nadkarni



PDF
Glutamate Excitotoxicity Inflicts Paranodal Myelin Splitting and Retraction., Yan Fu, Wenjing Sun, Yunzhou Shi, Riyi Shi, and Ji-Xin Cheng



PDF
Single-Cell Profiling Reveals the Origin of Phenotypic Variability in Adipogenesis., Thuc T. Le and Ji-Xin Cheng



PDF
Coherent Anti-Stokes Raman Scattering Imaging of Lipids in Cancer Metastasis., Thuc T. Le, Terry B. Huff, and Ji-Xin Cheng




		Submissions from 2008
		2008



PDF
A New Paradigm for Human Resuscitation Research Using Intelligent Devices, Charles F. Babbs, Andre E. Kemeny, Weilun Quan, and Gary Freeman



PDF
SBML-SAT: a Systems Biology Markup Language (SBML) Based Sensitivity Analysis Tool, Zhike Zi, Yanan Zheng, Ann E. Rundell, and Edda Klipp




		Submissions from 2007
		2007



PDF
Statistical analysis of joint short-term and long-term survival in resuscitation research, Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 2006
		2006



PDF
A new biomechanical head injury criterion, Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 2005
		2005



PDF
Biophysics of cardiopulmonary resuscitation with periodic z-axis acceleration of abdominal compression at aortic resonant frequencies, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Design of near-optimal waveforms for chest and abdominal compression and decompression in CPR using computer-simulated evolution, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Effects of an impedance threshold valve upon hemodynamics in standard CPR: studies in a refined computational model, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Relative effectiveness of interposed abdominal compression CPR: sensitivity analysis and recommended compression rates, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
A dose-response curve for the negative bias pressure of an intrathoracic pressure regulator during CPR, Charles F. Babbs and Demetris Yannopoulos



PDF
Optimal Control Theory Applied to a Difference Equation Model of Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Eunok Jung, Charles F. Babbs, Suzanne Lenhart, and Vladimir A. Protopoescu




		Submissions from 2004
		2004



PDF
Brain motion and deformation during closed head injury in the presence of cerebrospinal fluid, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Meta-analysis of Two-Treatment Clinical Trials Including Both Continuous and Dichotomous Results, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Optimization of Ectopic Gene Expression in Skeletal Muscle Through DNA Transfer by Electroporation., Jordan Taylor, Charles F. Babbs, Mohammed Borhan Alzghoul, Aaron Olsen, Mickey Latour, Amber L. Pond, and Kevin Hannon




		Submissions from 2003
		2003



PDF
Interposed Abdominal Compression CPR: A Comprehensive Evidence Based Review, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Simplified Meta-analysis of Clinical Trials in Resuscitation, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Optimizing Chest Compression to Rescue Ventilation Ratios During One-Rescuer CPR by Professionals and Lay Persons: Children are Not Just Little Adults, Charles F. Babbs and Vinay Nadkarni




		Submissions from 2002
		2002



PDF
Circulatory Adjuncts: Newer Methods of Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Optimum Compression to Ventilation Ratios in CPR Under Realistic, Practical Conditions: a physiological and mathematical analysis, Charles F. Babbs and Karl B. Kern




		Submissions from 2001
		2001



PDF
Biomechanics of Heading a Soccer Ball: Implications for Player Safety, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Consensus evidence evaluation in resuscitation research: analysis of Type I and Type II errors, Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 2000
		2000



PDF
Efficacy of interposed abdominal compression-cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), active compression and decompression-CPR, and Lifestick CPR: Basic physiology in a spreadsheet model, Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1999
		1999



PDF
Mechanics of CPR Performed with the Patient on a Soft Bed Versus a Hard Surface, John M. Boe and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1998
		1998



 
Multiresolution detection of spiculated lesions in digital mammograms, Sheng Liu, Charles F. Babbs, and Edward Delp




		Submissions from 1995
		1995



PDF
Theoretically Optimal Duty Cycles for Chest and Abdominal Compression during External Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Charles F. Babbs and Keir Thelander



PDF
Preliminary Results of Deferoxamine and L1 Treatment of Spinal Cord Ischemia, David G. Reuter, Willis A. Tacker Jr, Charles F. Babbs, Stephen F. Badylak, William D. Voorhees, and Peter E. Konrad




		Submissions from 1994
		1994



PDF
The Evolution of Abdominal Compression in Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Interposed abdominal compression as an adjunct to cardiopulmonary resuscitation, Charles F. Babbs, Jeffrey B. Sack, and Karl B. Kern




		Submissions from 1993
		1993



PDF
Interposed abdominal compression cardiopulmonary resuscitation: Are we missing the mark in clinical trials?, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Pre-Clinical ROC Studies of Digital Stereomammography, Jean Hsu, Charles F. Babbs, David M. Chelberg, Zygmunt Pizlo, and Edward J. Delp




		Submissions from 1992
		1992



PDF
Oxygen Radicals in Ulcerative Colitis, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Histochemical demonstration of endothelial superoxide and hydrogen peroxide generation in ischemic and reoxygenated rat tissues, Charles F. Babbs, Meloney D. Cregor, and Stephen F. Badylak



PDF
Evidence of changes in regional blood perfusion in human intracranial tumours during conductive interstitial hyperthermia, U H. Patel, Charles F. Babbs, J A. DeFord, W M. Bleyer, J A. Marchosky, and C J. Moran



PDF
A Computer-Based, Automated, Telephonic System to Monitor Patient Progress in the Home Setting, Umesh H. Patel and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1991
		1991



PDF
Endothelial Superoxide Production in the Isolated Rat Heart During Early Reperfusion After Ischemia -- A Histochemical Study, Charles F. Babbs, Meloney D. Cregor, John J. Turek, and Stephen F. Badylak



PDF
Effective Estimation and Computer Control of Minimum Tumour Temperature During Conductive Interstitial Hyperthermia, J A. DeFord, Charles F. Babbs, U H. Patel, M W. Bleyer, J A. Marchosky, and C J. Moran



PDF
Methylene Blue as an Inhibitor of Superoxide Generation by Xanthene Oxidase: A Potential New Drug for the Attenuation of Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury, Steven C. Salaris, Charles F. Babbs, and William D. Voorhees




		Submissions from 1990
		1990



PDF
Free radicals and the etiology of colon cancer, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
A Pressure sensitive Mat for Measuring Contact pressure Distributions of Patients Lying on Hospital Beds, Charles F. Babbs, Joe D. Bourland, George P. Graber, James T. Jones, and William E. Schoenlein



PDF
Theoretical Basis for Controlling Minimal Tumor Temperature During Interstitial Conductive Heat Therapy, Charles F. Babbs, Neal E. Fearnot, J A. Marchosky, C J. Moran, James T. Jones, and T D. Plantenga



PDF
Simulation of Free Radical Reactions in Biology and Medicine: A New Two-Compartment Kinetic Model of Intracellular Lipid Peroxidation, Charles F. Babbs and Melissa Gale Steiner



PDF
Accuracy and precision of computer-simulated tissue temperatures in individual human intracranial tumours treated with interstitial hyperthermia, J A. DeFord, Charles F. Babbs, U H. Patel, N E. Fearnot, J A. Marchosky, and C J. Moran



PDF
Quantitation of the Hydroxyl Radical by Reaction with Dimethyl Sulfoxide, Melissa G. Steiner and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1989
		1989



PDF
Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl Sulfoxide: A Method to Quantify Hydroxyl Radical Formation in Physiologic Systems, Charles F. Babbs and David W. Griffin



PDF
Lethal Hydroxyl Radical Production in Paraquat-treated Plants, Charles F. Babbs, Jo Ann Pham, and Ronald C. Coolbaugh



PDF
Effect of Oxygen Concentration on the Formation of Malondialdehyde-Like Material in a Model of Tissue Ischemia and Reoxygenation, Steven C. Salaris and Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Quantitative Effects of Iron Chelators on Hydroxyl Radical Production by the Superoxide-Driven Fenton Raction, Jean Blair Smith, Joanne C. Cusumano, and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1988
		1988



PDF
Myocardial Perfusion Pressure: A Predictor of 24Hour Survival During Prolonged Cardiac Arrest in Dogs, Karl B. Kern, Gordon A. Ewy, William D. Voorhees, Charles F. Babbs, and Willis A. Tacker



PDF
A Rapid, Widely Applicable Screen for Drugs that Suppress Free Radical Formation in Ischemia/Reperfusion, Steven C. Salaris and Charles F. Babbs



PDF
A Rapid, Widely Applicable Screen for Drugs that Suppress Free Radical Formation in Ischemia/Reperfusion, Steven C. Salaris and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1987
		1987



PDF
Colorimetric Assay for Methanesulfinic Acid in Biological Samples, Charles F. Babbs and Melissa J. Gale



PDF
Protection from reperfusion injury in the isolated rat heart by postischaemic deferoxamine and osypurinol administration, Stephen F. Badylak, Abby Simmons, John Turek, and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1986
		1986



PDF
Abdominal Binding and Counterpulsation in Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Charles F. Babbs and William E. Blevins



PDF
Effect of Deferoxamine on Late Deaths Following CPR in Rats, Charles F. Babbs, Sushil D. Kompala, and Karl E. Blaho



PDF
The Effect of Carbon Dioxide, Lidoflazine, and Deferoxamine Upon Long Term Survival Following Cardiorespiratory Arrest in Rats, Stephen F. Badylak and Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Relationship between pulse-wave velocity and arterial elasticity, F J. Callaghan, L A. Geddes, Charles F. Babbs, and J D. Bourland



PDF
Potassium Efflux from Myocardial Cells Induced by Defibrillator Shock, M J. Niebauer, L A. Geddes, and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1985
		1985



PDF
Writing a Scientific Paper Prior to the Research, Charles F. Babbs and Martha M. Tacker



PDF
Use of Combined Systemic Hypothermia and Local Heat Treatment to Enhance Temperature Differences Between Tumor and Normal Tissues, Charles F. Babbs, William D. Voorhees III, Robert R. Clark, and David P. DeWitt



PDF
An Inspiration-triggered Delivery System for Oxygen Therapy via a Nasal Cannula, Philip Charles Krause and Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Joseph S. Redding's Contributions to Cardiac Resuscitation, Sandra H. Ralston and Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Endotracheal Versus Intravenous Epinephrine During Electromechanical Dissociation with CPR in Dogs, Sandra H. Ralston, Willis A. Tacker, Lee Showen, Alice B. Carter, and Charles F. Babbs




		Submissions from 1984
		1984



PDF
Preclinical Studies of Abdominal Counterpulsation in CPR, Charles F. Babbs



PDF
Theoretical Advantages of Abdominal Counterpulsation in CPR as Demonstrated in a Simple Electrical Model of the Circulation, Charles F. Babbs, Sandra H. Ralston, and Leslie A. Geddes



PDF
Cardiac, Thoracic, and Abdominal Pump Mechanisms in Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation: Studies in an Electrical Model of the Circulation, Charles F. Babbs, Christopher Weaver, Sandra H. Ralston, and Leslie A. Geddes



PDF
Abnormal Response of Tumor Vasculature to Vasoactive Drugs, Rosanna C. Chan, Charles F. Babbs, Richard J. Vetter, and Carlton H. Lamar



PDF
An Experimental Circulatory Arrest Model in the Rat to Evaluate Calcium Antagonists in Cerebral Resuscitation, Lawrence De Garavilla, Charles F. Babbs, and Willis A. Tacker



PDF
Efficacy and safety of the reciprocal pulse defibrillator current waveform, M J. Niebauer, Charles F. Babbs, L A. Geddes, and J D. Bourland



PDF
Intrapulmonary Epinephrine During Prolonged Cardipulmonary Resuscitation: Improved Regional Blood Flow and Resuscitation in Dogs, Sandra H. Ralston, William D. Voorhees, and Charles F. Babbs



 




          1
        



          2
        


 








 
 




Enter search terms:
 
Select context to search:

in this series
in this repository
across all repositories


Advanced Search
 

Notify me via email or RSS


Links for Authors

Policies and Help Documentation
Author Addendum

Links

Purdue Libraries
Purdue University Press Journals


Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors






 




Digital Commons


Home | About | Policies and Help | My Account | Accessibility Statement

Privacy

                                Copyright
        













"Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl S" by Charles F. Babbs and David W. Griffin













































Skip to main content




Purdue e-Pubs

HomeAboutFAQMy Account







< Previous
Next >
 


Home
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		ENGR
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		BME
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		BMEPUBS
	
	
	
	
	
	 > 
		128












Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications
 



Title
Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl Sulfoxide: A Method to Quantify Hydroxyl Radical Formation in Physiologic Systems



Authors
Charles F. Babbs, Purdue UniversityFollow
David W. Griffin



Abstract
A major impediment to the confirmation of free radical mechanisms in pathogenesis is a lack of direct, chemical evidence that oxygen centered free radicals actually arise in living tissues in quantities sufficient to cause serious damage. This investigation was conducted to validate the use of dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) as a quantitative molecular probe for the generation of hydroxyl radicals (HO*) under physiologic conditions. Reaction of HO* with DMSO produces methane sulfinic acid (MSA) as a primary product, which can be detected by a simple colorimetric assay. To develop a method for estimating total HO* production, we studied two model systems: the superoxide driven Fenton reaction in vitro, using xanthine oxidase as the source of superoxide, and a computer model of Fenton chemistry. Measured MSA production both in vitro and in the computer model was a predictable function of the concentrations of DMSO and competing scavengers of HO*, according to the principle of competition kinetics. Both experimental results and model calculations showed that Scatchard analysis may be used to infer total HO* generation, despite the presence of scavengers other than DMSO, such as mannitol. Thus, methane sulfinic acid production from DMSO holds promise as an easily measured marker for HO* formation in biologic systems pretreated with DMSO, and Scatchard analysis of repeated experiments with varying DMSO concentrations can yield an estimate of total HO* generation.



Comments
This is the author accepted manuscript of Babbs, C.F. and Griffin, D.W. Scatchard analysis of methane sulfinic acid production from dimethyl sulfoxide: A method to quantify hydroxyl radical formation in physiologic systems, Free Radical Biology & Medicine, 6, 493-503, 1989. Copyright Elsevier, it is made available here CC-BY-NC-ND, and the version of record is available through the publisher at https://doi.org/10.1016/0891-5849(89)90042-7. 



Keywords
Hydroxyl radical, Lipid peroxidation, Oxygen toxicity, Reperfusion injury, Superoxide radical, Free radical



Date of this Version
1989



Recommended Citation
Babbs, Charles F. and Griffin, David W., "Scatchard Analysis of Methane Sulfinic Acid Production from Dimethyl Sulfoxide: A Method to Quantify Hydroxyl Radical Formation in Physiologic Systems" (1989). Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering Faculty Publications. Paper 128.http://docs.lib.purdue.edu/bmepubs/128











        Download
      








Find in your library




 Downloads
Since June 29, 2017






Included in

Biomedical Engineering and Bioengineering Commons





Share















COinS




 




 
 




Enter search terms:
 
Select context to search:

in this series
in this repository
across all repositories


Advanced Search
 

Notify me via email or RSS


Links for Authors

Policies and Help Documentation
Author Addendum

Links

Purdue Libraries
Purdue University Press Journals


Browse

Collections
Disciplines
Authors






 




Digital Commons


Home | About | Policies and Help | My Account | Accessibility Statement

Privacy

                                Copyright
        









	QUICKCENTER Trademark of Griffin, David. Serial Number: 77372976 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Hand Tool Products
QUICKCENTER










 
Get FREE email alerts













QUICKCENTER  Trademark Information
 Griffin, David
Hand tools, namely, clay plug centering device for use with a potters wheel




Perfect for these industries

Hand Tool Products





Words that describe this mark
hand   tools         clay   plug   centering   device   use   potters   wheel    
                                    




This is a brand page for the QUICKCENTER trademark by Griffin, David 
                                in Charlseton, IL, 61920.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this QUICKCENTER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Griffin, David of the QUICKCENTER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the QUICKCENTER trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, January 16, 2008,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        QUICKCENTER by 
                        Griffin, David, Charlseton, IL  61920.
                        The USPTO has given the QUICKCENTER 
                        trademark serial  number of  77372976.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for QUICKCENTER is 
                        
                        
                                            Griffin, David of 
                                            Griffin Naragon, Corp.,  13 Kickapoo Pl., Charlseton IL 61920 
                                .
                            The QUICKCENTER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Hand Tool Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for QUICKCENTER 
                            is Hand tools, namely, clay plug centering device for use with a potters wheel. 
                            





Word mark:
 QUICKCENTER


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

1/27/2016



  Serial Number:  
77372976


  Filing Date:  
1/16/2008


 Registration Number:  
3599766 


 Registration Date:  
3/31/2009


 Goods and Services: 
Hand tools, namely, clay plug centering device for use with a potters wheel


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/3/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

Griffin, DavidCharlseton, IL  61920
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Griffin, David
Griffin Naragon, Corp.
13 Kickapoo Pl.
Charlseton IL 61920






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (008) - Hand tools and implements (hand-operated); cutlery; side arms; razors. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/5/2007


First Use In Commerce: 
9/10/2008





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your QUICKCENTER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/27/2016
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Griffin, David


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of QUICKCENTER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search quickcenter on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for QUICKCENTER 




QUICKCENTER is providing Hand tools, namely, clay plug centering device for use with a potters wheel.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























 






Griffin David Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Griffin David Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Griffin's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Griffin David's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Griffin David's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Griffin David 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Griffin’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailGriffin’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Griffin’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Griffin is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Griffin’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Griffin is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Griffin's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Griffin's background in the comforts of home.
Griffin will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Griffin's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Griffin David, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Griffin's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 






























Public Records Official
























Griffin Records
Find Griffin Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              Griffin Records           	
Griffin, GA is a great place to be. However, have you ever wondered how painstaking a process it can be to get the Griffin Records public records information. If you intend it not to be so, then you need to refer to the Griffin Records public records search. Why? The reason being the fact that we provide you with all the requested information, and that too, within minutes of your search. In terms of the information you can expect, following is an overview of how useful Griffin Records public records search can be. 
Marriage recordsHealth recordsEducational certificatesMilitary recordsBirth certificatesCriminal recordsThis is not a exhaustive list of services the Griffin Records public records search provides. If you want to know more, or would like to do get the ball rolling, then all you need is to enter the name in the search box. Griffin Records public records would provide you with the requested information within minutes. 
If you don't want to spend considerable time looking for the required information, then Griffin Records public records can serve you ideally. Background checks, in this day of age, has become somewhat important, and to ensure you get it right, Griffin Records public records is there to help you out.
Start your free Griffin Records public records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official
























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























CRIMINAL RECORDS  
Find Criminal Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              CRIMINAL RECORDS             	
Criminal Records is a search database that you've been looking for. If you're to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database. If you're to background checks, then we're a name you can rely on. If you aren't sure of how to get started with Criminal Records, then rest assured, it isn't much of a hassle anyway. So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records? Nothing much. All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. 
Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records. If this something you don't want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. If this sounds interesting enough, then make sure to search Criminal Records. You'll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one's public background. As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind. 
When you search Criminal Records, you're provided with all the required Criminal Records information within minutes. This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from.
Try your Criminal Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 






















