

	Enhanced Equity | Guggenheim Investments















































 
 



Home Strategies Equities 
Enhanced Equity


 
 
 






Enhanced Equity
Actively managed, dynamic covered call approach

Share   
 

  Email
  LinkedIn
  Twitter
  Facebook


Print  














Our enhanced equity strategies employ an actively managed covered call approach that seeks to reduce risk and increase the returns of an equity allocation. The strategies seek to generate alpha through the systematic sale of equity index or ETF options. The strategies employ a quantitative, rules-based portfolio construction process with qualitative inputs. These rules provide the portfolio management team with flexibility around option strikes, execution time, and allocations to underlying holdings.
Capitalizing on Volatility Risk Premiums
Equity index implied volatility (as measured by the CBOE VIX Index) has historically traded at a large premium to the subsequent realized volatility of the underlying stocks. This market inefficiency, known as the volatility risk premium, is sustained by ingrained behavioral biases, such as aversion to loss, which cause investors to consistently overpay for ETF and index options to hedge their portfolios. Volatility risk premiums exist across the market for index and ETF options and vary month-to-month as market conditions change.
We believe that an actively managed, dynamic approach to covered call investing is the most effective way to capture the volatility risk premium over time, reduce risk and increase the returns of an equity allocation. Each month, we seek to identify the most attractive volatility risk premiums among ETF and index options, targeting:

At-the-money strike prices for ETF and index options with attractive volatility risk premiums
Out-of-the-money strike prices for ETF and index options with less attractive volatility risk premiums

 



Related Equity Strategies

U.S. Value
Minimum Volatility
Capitial Stewardship


 



Key Investment Professionals





Jayson Flowers

               Portfolio Manager 
            

Mr. Flowers joined Guggenheim Partners in 1998 and serves as the Head of Guggenheim’s Equity and Derivative Strategies where he manages the portfolios, risk, and trading across the Equity, Derivatives, Managed Futures, and Commodity Strategies. Mr. Flowers has close to 20 years’ experience in the financial markets with a focused concentration in portfolio management, risk management and trade execution across various sectors of the capital structure. His investment experience ranges in expertise from Managing Portfolios and Risk on Structured Product Investments, Global Equity Arbitrage, Alternatives, and Asset Backed Strategies, to Trading U.S. Government Agencies, Foreign Sovereign Debt, Commodities, Managed Futures, Currencies, and Derivatives. Prior to Guggenheim, Mr. Flowers was a founding partner of Adventure Capital, a Venture Capital and Merchant Banking company. Previously Mr. Flowers was at Credit Suisse First Boston, Dominick & Dominick Inc., and Coopers & Lybrand. Mr. Flowers holds a B.A. in Economics from Union College. 








Dan Cheeseman

               Portfolio Manager 
            

Mr. Cheeseman is the portfolio manager of Guggenheim’s enhanced equity and derivative overlay accounts. Using proprietary global volatility strategies and the firm’s macro view, he seeks to use options to boost returns relative to various benchmarks while reducing overall portfolio risk. Currently he manages $3.6bn of derivative-linked assets. Prior to assuming this role in 2014, he joined Guggenheim in 2011 as a Senior Research Analyst covering Equity Derivatives and Liquid Alternatives. Through the lens of derivatives, he researches and implements the firm’s macroeconomic views in the derivative markets; designing new systematic, absolute return strategies; and covering cross asset derivative trends. For six years prior to joining Guggenheim, he was a research analyst covering equity and volatility derivatives at Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Cheeseman holds a MS in Mathematical Finance from the Courant Institute at NYU and BAs in Mathematics and Economics at the University of California, San Diego. 




 




×
Our People







-
-



-











Contact Us
Contact Guggenheim Investments for more information about this strategy or to learn more about our capabilities.
SEND US AN EMAIL




Important Disclosures
Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. There is no guarantee that any investment strategy will achieve its investment objectives or is suitable for all investors. Diversification does not ensure profit nor protect against loss. Every asset class is subject to various risks that affect their performance in different market cycles. Fixed income investments are subject to certain risks including market, interest-rate, issuer, credit, and inflation risk. Equity investments are subject to market risk or the risk of loss due to adverse company and industry news, or general economic decline. Alternative investments are subject to market risk, currency risk, foreign investment risks, liquidity risks, higher fees and expenses, regulatory restrictions, and volatility due to speculative trading and use of leverage.










Subscribe to Our Perspectives

Your browser does not support iframes.


Your browser does not support iframes.




Follow us




















OUR FIRM
Firm Overview
Heritage
Guiding Principles
Our People
Results
Investment Process
In the News
Contact Us


OUR STRATEGIES
Fixed Income
Equities
Alternatives


OUR PERSPECTIVES
Global CIO Outlook
Macroeconomic Research
Sector Views
Portfolio Strategy Research
Institutional Insights
In the Media




CONTACT US


PRIVACY POLICY


BUSINESS CONTINUITY


LEGAL INFORMATION






        ©
            
    Guggenheim Investments. All rights reserved.
*Guggenheim Investments total asset figure is as of 3.31.2017. The assets include leverage of $11.7bn for assets under management and $0.4bn for assets for which we provide administrative services.
      Guggenheim Investments represents the following affiliated investment management businesses of Guggenheim Partners, LLC: Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC, Security Investors, LLC, Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC, Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC, Guggenheim Real Estate, LLC, GS GAMMA Advisors, LLC, Guggenheim Partners Europe Limited and Guggenheim Partners India Management.




 



                    By choosing an option below, the next time you return to the site, your home page will automatically
                    be set to this site. You can change your preference at any time.
                


 Institutional Investor
                    

 Financial Professional
                    

 Individual Investor
                    
Save










                We have saved your site preference as Institutional Investors. To change this, update your preferences.
            







×
 



United States Important Legal Information
By confirming below that you are an Institutional Investor, you will gain access to information on this website (the “Website”) that is intended exclusively for Institutional Investors and, as such, the information should not be relied upon by individual investors. This Website and any product, content, information, tools or services provided or available through the Website (collectively, the “Services”) are provided to Institutional Investors for informational purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any security or fund interest. Nothing on the Website shall be considered a solicitation for the offering of any investment product or service to any person in any jurisdiction where such solicitation or offering may not lawfully be made. By accessing this Website, you expressly acknowledge and agree that the Website and the Services provided on or through the Website are provided on an as is/as available basis, and except as partnered by law, neither Guggenheim Investments and it parents, subsidiaries and affiliates nor any third party has any responsibility to maintain the website or the Services offered on or through the Website or to supply corrections or updates for the same. You understand that the information provided on this Website is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, tax, legal, accounting or investment advice. You also agree that the terms provided herein with respect to the access and use of the Website are supplemental to and shall not void or modify the Terms of Use in effect for the Website. The information on this Website is solely intended for use by Institutional Investors as defined below: banks, savings and loan associations, insurance companies, and registered investment companies; registered investment advisers; individual investors and other entities with total assets of at least $50 million; governmental entities; employee benefit (retirement) plans, or multiple employee benefit plans offered to employees of the same employer, that in the aggregate have at least 100 participants, but does not include any participant of such plans; member firms or registered person of such a member; or person(s) acting solely on behalf of any such Institutional Investor.
By clicking the "I confirm" information link the user agrees that: “I have read the terms detailed and confirm that I am an Institutional Investor and that I wish to proceed.”

                 

                    

I confirm

















Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund | Guggenheim Investments




























 



                    By choosing an option below, the next time you return to the site, your home page will automatically
                    be set to this site. You can change your preference at any time.
                


 Institutional Investor
                    

 Financial Professional
                    

 Individual Investor
                    
Save










                We have saved your site preference as Institutional Investors. To change this, update your preferences.
            













Home
CEF
 Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund 










GPM


Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund








Fund Resources


                                                                Fact Card
                                                            

GEQ & GGE Merge Into GPM - Press Release 















Overview
Portfolio
Performance
Prices
Distributions & Tax Info 
News & Literature
Contact












View...
Investment Objective
Frequently Asked Questions
Fund Manager(s)
Investment Team
Risks and Other Considerations





Common Shares



Daily Data


as of 7/20/17



Closing Market Price$8.47 Closing NAV$8.75
Premium/(Discount)-3.20%  52-week Average Premium/Discount-5.17% Current Distribution Rate111.33%
Quarterly Dividend Per Share2$0.24000
Ex-Dividend Date6/13/2017
Payable Date6/30/2017
Daily Volume135,839
52 Week High/Low Market Price$8.68/$7.40
52 Week High/Low NAV$8.97/$8.00
Intraday Trading InformationNYSE





Weekly Data


as of 7/14/17



Closing Market Price$8.38 Closing NAV$8.72
Closing Volume148,787
Premium/(Discount)-3.90% Distribution Rate11.46% 
Total Managed Assets$609,881,524
Common Shares Outstanding48,036,872
Percent Leveraged331.32%
52-Week Average Premium/Discount-5.16% 




Semi-Annual Data


as of 12/31/16



Fiscal Year-End12/31
 Portfolio Manager/Sub-Adviser    Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC   
 Investment Adviser    Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC   
Expense Ratio (Common Shares)41.46%
Portfolio Turnover Rate143%




Inception Information



Common Shares


 



Inception Date8/25/05
NYSE SymbolGPM NAV SymbolXGPMX
The Wall Street Journal ListingGuggenheimEnhEqInc CUSIP40167B100
Inception Market Price$20.00 Inception NAV$19.10





Financial Leverage


as of 7/14/17



Leverage Outstanding$191,000,000
1940 Act Asset Coverage Ratio319.31%





Quarterly Total Returns


as of 6/30/17




 
MARKET PRICE  NAV


2017 YTD 
9.52% 8.81%


1 Year 
24.04% 17.42%


3 Year 
7.47% 8.14%


5 Year 
9.79% 9.49%


10 Year 
3.50% 2.49%


Since Inception (8/25/05) 
3.80% 3.69%






Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results, and current performance may be lower or higher than the figures shown. Since Inception returns assume a purchase of common shares at each Fund’s initial offering price for market price returns or the Fund’s initial net asset value (NAV) for NAV returns. Returns for periods of less than one year are not annualized. All distributions are assumed to be reinvested either in accordance with the dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) for market price returns or NAV for NAV returns. Until the DRIP price is available from the Plan Agent, the market price returns reflect the reinvestment at the closing market price on the last business day of the month. Once the DRIP is available around mid-month, the market price returns are updated to reflect reinvestment at the DRIP price. All returns include the deduction of management fees, operating expenses and all other fund expenses, and do not reflect the deduction of brokerage commissions or taxes that investors may pay on distributions or the sale of shares. Please refer to the most recent annual or semi-annual report for additional information.
Distributions are not guaranteed and are subject to change.
1 Latest declared distribution per share annualized and divided by the current share price.
2 Distributions may be paid from sources of income other than ordinary income, such as short term capital gains, long term capital gains or return of capital. If a distribution consists of something other than ordinary income, a 19(a) notice detailing the anticipated source(s) of the distribution will be made available. The 19(a) notice will be posted to the Fund’s website and to the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation so that brokers can distribute such notices to Shareholders of the Fund. Section 19(a) notices are provided for informational purposes only and not for tax reporting purposes. The final determination of the source and tax characteristics of all distributions in a particular year will be made after the end of the year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters.
3 Represents the amount of financial leverage the Fund currently employs as a percentage of total Fund assets.
4 Expense ratios are annualized and reflect the funds operating expense, excluding interest expense, or in the case of a fund with a fee waiver, net operating expense, as of the most recent annual or semi-annual report. The expense ratio, based on common assets, including interest expense was 2.01%.



Investment Objective
The Fund's investment objective is to seek a high level of current income and gains with a secondary objective of long-term capital appreciation. Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets, plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes, in equity securities. GPIM will manage the Fund utilizing a covered call strategy developed by GPIM to seek to utilize efficiencies from the tax characteristics of the Fund's portfolio. GPIM's covered call strategy will seek to follow a dynamic rules-based methodology to obtain broadly diversified exposure to the equity markets, either through investments that replicate the economic characteristics of broadly diversified exposure to the equity markets, including exchange-traded funds or other investment funds that track equity market indices, or through investments in individual common stocks along with other securities and instruments. The Fund will have the ability to write call options on indices and/or securities which will typically be at- or out-of-the money. GPIM's strategy typically targets one-month options, although options of any strike price or maturity may be utilized.
The Fund will seek to earn income and gains through both dividends paid by on securities owned by the Fund and cash premiums received from selling options. Although the Fund will receive premiums from the options written, by writing a covered call option, the Fund forgoes any potential increase in value of the underlying securities above the strike price specified in an option contract through the expiration date of the option. To the extent GPIM's strategy seeks to achieve broad equity exposure through a portfolio of common stocks, the Fund would hold a diversified portfolio of stocks, whereas to the extent GPIM's equity exposure strategy is implemented through investment in broad-based equity exchange-traded funds and other investment funds or instruments, the Fund's portfolio may comprise fewer holdings.
For periodic shareholder reports and recent fund-specific filings, please visit the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) website via the following: http://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0001310709

Frequently Asked Questions
GPM, GGE, GEQ Fund Merger

Prior to market open on March 20th, 2017, the assets of Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE) and Guggenheim Equal Weight Enhanced Equity Income Fund (GEQ) were merged into the Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund (GPM). For details, please see the press release.

What effect will the mergers have on the distributions for shareholders of GGE, GEQ and GPM?

Historically, GGE, GEQ and GPM have declared and paid quarterly distributions on different schedules. After the completion of the mergers, GPM is expected to continue to declare and pay its quarterly dividend each March, June, September and December, until modified by the Fund’s Board of Trustees.
The mergers of GGE and GEQ into GPM were completed on March 20, 2017, after the ex-dividend and record dates of GPM’s first quarterly 2017 distribution (March 13 and March 15, respectively). Prior to the mergers, GEQ paid its first quarter distribution in January and GGE paid its first quarter distribution in February.
The overall effect of the mergers is that shareholders of GGE, GEQ and GPM, respectively, are expected to receive a total of four quarterly distributions in 2017, if they were shareholders of record throughout the year. Distributions are not guaranteed and are subject to change at the discretion of the Fund’s Board of Trustees.

Describe the differences between closed-end and open-end funds?

An open-end fund may be purchased or sold at NAV. An open-end fund will issue new shares when an investor wants to purchases shares in the fund and will sell assets to redeem shares when an investor wants to sell shares. When selling an open-end fund the price the seller receives is established at the close of the market when the NAV is calculated. Unlike the open-end fund, a closed-end fund has a limited number of shares outstanding and trades on an exchange at the market price based on supply and demand. An investor may purchase or sell shares at market price while the exchange is open. The common shares may trade at a discount or premium to the NAV.

What does the "Ex-Div" or the "Ex-Dividend" date refer to?

Every quarter the Fund pays dividends and those investors who purchase the Fund before the ex-dividend date will receive the next dividend distribution. Investors who purchase on or after the ex-dividend date will not receive the next dividend distribution. The value of the dividend is subtracted from the Fund's NAV on the ex-dividend date each quarter. So when the NAV is reported with an "ex-div" behind it, this means that the amount of the dividend has already been taken out of the NAV.

What is the DRIP and how does it work?

DRIP is the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. The number of shares of Common Stock distributed to participants in the Plan in lieu of a cash dividend is determined in the following manner. Whenever the market price per share of the Fund’s Common Stock is equal to or exceeds the net asset value per share on the valuation date, participants in the Plan will be issued new shares valued at the higher of net asset value or 95% of the then-current market value. Otherwise, the Administrator will buy shares of the Common Stock in the open market, on the NYSE or elsewhere.


Fund Manager(s)
Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC an affiliate of Guggenheim Partners, LLC


Investment Team
Farhan Sharaff - Assistant Chief Investment Officer
Mr. Sharaff joined the Sub-Adviser in 2009 and is the Assistant Chief Investment Officer, Equities. Mr. Sharaff has more than 20 years of experience in investment research and investment management. Prior to joining the Sub-Adviser, he was a Partner and Chief Investment Officer at MJX Capital Advisors, a wealth management firm focused on providing advice and investment management for its clients, especially in the traditional and alternative asset classes. Prior to that, Mr. Sharaff served as the global Chief Investment Officer at CIGNA Corporation, Zurich Scudder Investments and Citigroup. In all of the above engagements, Mr. Sharaff was responsible for research, investment management, product development and investment risk management. He was also a member of the business management teams at Citigroup and Zurich Scudder. Mr. Sharaff has a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Aston (U.K.) and an MBA in Finance from the Manchester Business School (U.K.). In addition, Mr. Sharaff sits on boards for CITIC Capital Asset Management, Clarfeld Financial Advisors, and Transparent Value Trust.
Jayson Flowers - Senior Managing Director
Mr. Flowers joined the Sub-Adviser in 2001, and serves as the Senior Managing Director, heading Equity and Derivative Strategies. Mr. Flowers has more than 15 years experience in the financial markets with concentration in risk management and trading across various sectors of the capital structure. His investment experience ranges in expertise from structured product investments and asset backed securities, to trading U.S. Government agencies, foreign sovereign debt, commodities, indexed futures, derivative and global equity arbitrage. Prior to working for the Sub-Adviser, Mr. Flowers was a co-founder and partner of Adventure Capital, a boutique venture capital and merchant banking company. Previously Mr. Flowers was at Credit Suisse First Boston, Dominick & Dominick Inc., and Coopers & Lybrand. Mr. Flowers holds a BA in Economics from Union College.
Scott Hammond - Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of GPIM
Mr. Hammond joined GPIM in June 2009, where he has responsibility for a variety of strategic initiates aimed at growing the firm’s equities business, and for the day-to-day oversight of a number of growth, value, and core equity strategies. Mr. Hammond’s extensive experience in managing quantitative strategies spans over ten years and has included some of the world’s largest asset management firms. Prior to joining GPIM, Mr. Hammond was Head of Exchange Trade Fund Portfolio Management at Northern Trust where he was responsible for a diverse portfolio of international funds. Mr. Hammond served as Portfolio Manager at Barclays Global Investors with responsibilities for the management of $90 billion in institutional assets. Mr. Hammond received a B.A. in Economics from the University of New Hampshire and an MBA from Purdue University’s Krannert Graduate School of Management.
Qi Yan - Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
Mr. Yan joined the Sub-Adviser in 2005, and serves as Managing Director and Portfolio Manager in equity and equity derivative strategies. In addition to his portfolio management responsibilities, Mr. Yan works closely with institutional clients in developing and implementing customized risk management solutions. Mr. Yan earned his M.S. in Statistics from Yale University, and his B.S. in Mathematics from Cambridge University.
Daniel Cheeseman - Portfolio Manager
Mr. Cheeseman joined the Sub-Adviser in 2011 as a Senior Research Analyst covering Equity Derivatives and Liquid Alternatives. Through the lens of derivatives, he researches and implements the firm’s macroeconomic views in the derivative markets; designing new systematic, absolute return strategies; and covering cross asset derivative trends. For six years prior to joining Guggenheim Partners, he was a research analyst covering equity and volatility derivatives at Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Cheeseman holds an MS in Mathematical Finance from the Courant Institute at NYU and BAs in Mathematics and Economics from the University of California, San Diego.
Scott Barker, CFA, Director and Portfolio Manager of GPIM
Mr. Barker joined Guggenheim in 2012 as Portfolio Manager covering equity and equity derivatives strategies. Mr. Barker’s current responsibilities include daily portfolio management, trading and research duties as well as portfolio and risk management system development. Prior to joining Guggenheim he was with Analytic Investors, LLC, where he managed all equity option, fixed income and insurance hedging products. Mr. Barker also served as Research Analyst at AG Risk Management where he performed investment management consulting services to institutional investment boards. He holds an M.S. degree in Applied Mathematics from California State University, Long Beach and a B.A. degree in Physics from Pomona College. He has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation and is a member of the CFA Institute.

Risks
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objectives. The value of the Fund will fluctuate with the value of the underlying securities. Historically, closed-end funds often trade at a discount to their net asset value. Risk is inherent in all investing, including the loss of your entire principal. Therefore, before investing you should consider the following risks carefully.
Equity Securities and Related Market Risk
The market price of common stocks and other equity securities may go up or down, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities may decline in value due to factors affecting equity securities markets generally, particular industries represented in those markets or the issuer itself. The values of equity securities may decline due to general market conditions which are not specifically related to a particular company, such as real or perceived adverse economic conditions, changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings, changes in interest or currency rates or adverse investor sentiment generally. They may also decline due to factors which affect a particular industry or industries, such as labor shortages or increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. The value of equity securities may also decline for a number of other reasons which directly relate to the issuer, such as management performance, financial leverage, the issuer’s historical and prospective earnings, the value of its assets and reduced demand for its goods and services. Equity securities generally have greater price volatility than bonds and other debt securities.
Other Investment Companies Risk
The Fund may invest in securities of other open-or closed-end investment companies, including ETFs. As a stockholder in an investment company, the Fund will bear its ratable share of that investment company’s expenses, and would remain subject to payment of the Fund’s investment management fees with respect to the assets so invested. Shareholders would therefore be subject to duplicative expenses to the extent the Fund invests in other investment companies. In addition, these other investment companies may utilize financial leverage, in which case an investment would subject the Fund to additional risks associated with leverage.
Options Risk
There are various risks associated with the Fund’s covered call option strategy. The purchaser of an index option written by the Fund has the right to any appreciation in the cash value of the index over the strike price on the expiration date. Therefore, as the writer of an index call option, the Fund forgoes the opportunity to profit from increases in the index over the strike price of the option. However, the Fund has retained the risk of loss (net of premiums received) should the price of the Fund’s portfolio securities decline. Similarly, as the writer of a call option on an individual security held in the Fund’s portfolio, the Fund forgoes, during the option’s life, the opportunity to profit from increases in the market value of the security covering the call option above the sum of the premium and the strike price of the call but has retained the risk of loss (net of premiums received) should the price of the underlying security decline.
The value of options written by the Fund, which will be priced daily, will be affected by, among other factors, changes in the value of underlying securities (including those comprising an index), changes in the dividend rates of underlying securities, changes in interest rates, changes in the actual or perceived volatility of the stock market and underlying securities and the remaining time to an option’s expiration. The value of an option also may be adversely affected if the market for the option is reduced or becomes less liquid.
There are significant differences between the securities and options markets that could result in an imperfect correlation between these markets, causing a given transaction not to achieve its objectives. A decision as to whether, when and how to use options involves the exercise of skill and judgment, and even a well conceived transaction may be unsuccessful to some degree because of market behavior or unexpected events. In the case of index options, GPIM will attempt to maintain for the Fund written call options positions on equity indexes whose price movements, taken in the aggregate, are closely correlated with the price movements of common stocks and other securities held in the Fund’s equity portfolio. However, this strategy involves significant risk that the changes in value of the indexes underlying the Fund’s written call options positions will not correlate closely with changes in the market value of securities held by the Fund. To the extent that there is a lack of correlation, movements in the indexes underlying the options positions may result in losses to the Fund, which may more than offset any gains received by the Fund from options premiums. In these and other circumstances, the Fund may be required to sell portfolio securities to satisfy its obligations as the writer of an index call option, when it would not otherwise choose to do so, or may choose to sell portfolio securities to realize gains to supplement Fund distributions. Such sales would involve transaction costs borne by the Fund and may also result in realization of taxable capital gains, including short-term capital gains taxed at ordinary income tax rates, and may adversely impact the Fund’s after-tax returns.
There can be no assurance that a liquid market will exist when the Fund seeks to close out an option position. Reasons for the absence of a liquid secondary market on an exchange include the following: (i) there may be insufficient trading interest in certain options; (ii) restrictions may be imposed by an exchange on opening transactions or closing transactions or both; (iii) trading halts, suspensions or other restrictions may be imposed with respect to particular classes or series of options; (iv) unusual or unforeseen circumstances may interrupt normal operations on an exchange; (v) the facilities of an exchange or The Options Clearing Corporation (the “OCC”) may not at all times be adequate to handle current trading volume; or (vi) one or more exchanges could, for economic or other reasons, decide or be compelled at some future date to discontinue the trading of options (or a particular class or series of options). If trading were discontinued, the secondary market on that exchange (or in that class or series of options) would cease to exist. However, outstanding options on that exchange that had been issued by the OCC as a result of trades on that exchange would continue to be exercisable in accordance with their terms. In the event that the Fund were unable to close out a call option that it had written on a portfolio security, it would not be able to sell the underlying security unless the option expired without exercise. To the extent that the Fund owns unlisted (or “over-the-counter”) options, the Fund’s ability to terminate these options may be more limited than with exchange-traded options and may involve enhanced risk that counterparties participating in such transactions will not fulfill their obligations.
The hours of trading for options may not conform to the hours during which the securities held by the Fund are traded. To the extent that the options markets close before the markets for the underlying securities, significant price and rate movements can take place in the underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the options markets. Additionally, the exercise price of an option may be adjusted downward before the option’s expiration as a result of the occurrence of certain corporate events affecting underlying securities, such as extraordinary dividends, stock splits, mergers or other extraordinary distributions or events. A reduction in the exercise price of an option might reduce the Fund’s capital appreciation potential on underlying securities held by the Fund.
The Fund’s use of purchased put options on equity indexes as a hedging strategy would involve certain risks similar to those of written call options, including that the strategy may not work as intended due to a lack of correlation between changes in value of the index underlying the put option and changes in the market value of the Fund’s portfolio securities. Further, a put option acquired by the Fund and not sold prior to expiration will expire worthless if the cash value of the index or market value of the underlying security at expiration exceeds the exercise price of the option, thereby causing the Fund to lose its entire investment in the option.
The Fund’s options transactions will be subject to limitations established by each of the exchanges, boards of trade or other trading facilities on which the options are traded. These limitations govern the maximum number of options in each class which may be written or purchased by a single investor or group of investors acting in concert, regardless of whether the options are written or purchased on the same or different exchanges, boards of trade or other trading facilities or are held or written in one or more accounts or through one or more brokers. Thus, the number of options which the Fund may write or purchase may be affected by options written or purchased by other investment advisory clients of GPIM. An exchange, board of trade or other trading facility may order the liquidation of positions found to be in excess of these limits, and it may impose other sanctions.
Other Derivatives Risk
Derivatives are subject to a number of risks such as liquidity risk, equity securities risk, issuer risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, leveraging risk, counterparty risk, management risk and, if applicable, medium and smaller company risk. They also involve the risk of mispricing or improper valuation, the risk of ambiguous documentation and the risk that changes in the value of a derivative may not correlate perfectly with an underlying asset, interest rate or index. Suitable derivative transactions may not be available in all circumstances and there can be no assurance that the Fund will engage in these transactions to reduce exposure to other risks when that would be beneficial. The use of derivatives transactions may result in losses greater than if they had not been used, may require the Fund to sell or purchase portfolio securities at inopportune times or for prices other than current market values, may limit the amount of appreciation the Fund can realize on an investment or may cause the Fund to hold a security that it might otherwise sell. Additionally, amounts paid by the Fund as premiums and cash or other assets held in margin accounts with respect to derivatives  transactions are not otherwise available to the Fund for investment purposes.
The Fund may enter into derivatives transactions that may in certain circumstances produce effects similar to leverage and expose the Fund to related risks. See “Leverage Risk” below.
Counterparty Risk
The Fund will be subject to risk with respect to the counterparties to the derivative contracts purchased or sold by the Fund. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative contract due to financial difficulties, the Fund may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative contract in a bankruptcy or other reorganization proceeding. The Fund may obtain only a limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in these circumstances.
Medium and Smaller Company Risk
The general risks associated with the types of securities in which the Fund invests are particularly pronounced for securities issued by companies with medium and smaller market capitalizations. These companies may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources or they may depend on a few key employees. As a result, they may be subject to greater levels of credit, market and issuer risk. Securities of medium and smaller companies may trade less frequently and in lesser volume than more widely held securities and their values may fluctuate more sharply than other securities.
Financial Leverage Risk
Use of financial leverage creates an opportunity for increased income and capital appreciation but, at the same time, creates special risks. There can be no assurance that a leveraging strategy will be utilized or will be successful. Financial leverage is a speculative technique that exposes the Fund to greater risk and increased costs than if it were not implemented. Increases and decreases in the value of the Fund’s portfolio will be magnified when the Fund uses financial leverage. As a result, financial leverage may cause greater changes in the Fund’s net asset value and returns than if financial leverage had not been used. The Fund will also have to pay interest on its indebtedness, if any, which may reduce the Fund’s return. This interest expense may be greater than the Fund’s return on the underlying investment, which would negatively affect the performance of the Fund.
During the time in which the Fund is utilizing financial leverage, the amount of the fees paid to the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser for investment advisory services will be higher than if the Fund did not utilize financial leverage because the fees paid will be calculated based on the Fund’s Managed Assets, including proceeds of financial leverage. This may create a conflict of interest between the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser and common shareholders. Common shareholders bear the portion of the investment advisory fee attributable to the assets purchased with the proceeds of financial leverage, which means that common shareholders effectively bear the entire advisory fee. In order to manage this conflict of interest, any use of financial leverage must be approved by the Board of Trustees and the Board of Trustees will receive regular reports from the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser regarding the Fund’s use of financial leverage and the effect of financial leverage on the management of the Fund’s portfolio and the performance of the Fund.
Reverse repurchase agreements involve the risks that the interest income earned on the investment of the proceeds will be less than the interest expense and Fund expenses, that the market value of the securities sold by the Fund may decline below the price at which the Fund is obligated to repurchase such securities and that the securities may not be returned to the Fund.
Foreign Investment Risk
The Fund’s investments in ADRs and other securities of foreign issuers involve special risks. For example, the value of these investments may decline in response to unfavorable political and legal developments, unreliable or untimely information, or economic and financial instability. There may be less publicly available information about a foreign company than a U.S. company. Foreign companies are not generally subject to uniform accounting, auditing and financial standards and requirements comparable to those standards applicable to U.S. companies. Similar foreign investment risks may apply to futures contracts and other derivative instruments in which the Fund invests that trade on foreign exchanges. The value of derivative and other instruments denominated in or that pay revenues in foreign currencies may fluctuate based on changes in the value of those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, and a decline in applicable foreign exchange rates could reduce the value of such instruments held by the Fund. Foreign settlement procedures also may involve additional risks.
Inflation/Deflation Risk
Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from the Fund’s investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of payments at future dates. As inflation increases, the real value of the Fund’s portfolio could decline. Deflation risk is the risk that prices throughout the economy decline over time. Deflation may have an adverse effect on the creditworthiness of issuers and may make issuer default more likely, which may result in a decline in the value of the Fund’s portfolio.
Management Risk
The Fund is subject to management risk because it has an actively managed portfolio. The Sub-Adviser will apply investment techniques and risk analysis in making investment decisions for the Fund, but there can be no guarantee that these will produce the desired results. The Fund will invest in securities that the Sub-Adviser believes are undervalued or mispriced as a result of recent economic events, such as market dislocations, the inability of other investors to evaluate risk and forced selling. If the Sub-Adviser’s perception of the value of a security is incorrect, your investment in the Fund may lose value.
Portfolio Turnover Risk
The Fund’s annual portfolio turnover rate may vary greatly from year to year. Portfolio turnover rate is not considered a limiting factor in the execution of investment decisions for the Fund. A higher portfolio turnover rate results in correspondingly greater brokerage commissions and other transactional expenses that are borne by the Fund. High portfolio turnover may result in an increased realization of net short-term capital gains by the Fund which, when distributed to shareholders, will be taxable as ordinary income. Additionally, in a declining market, portfolio turnover may create realized capital losses.
Recent Market Developments
During the financial crisis of 2007-08, global financial markets have experienced periods of severe turmoil. The debt and equity capital markets in the United States were negatively impacted by significant write-offs in the financial services sector relating to subprime mortgages and the re-pricing of credit risk in the broader market, among other things. These events, along with the deterioration of the housing market, the failure of major financial institutions and the resulting United States federal government actions led to worsening general economic conditions, which materially and adversely impacted the broader financial and credit markets and reduced the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and financial firms in particular. Volatile financial markets can expose the Fund to greater market and liquidity risk and potential difficulty in valuing portfolio instruments held by the Fund. Recently markets have witnessed more stabilized economic activity as expectations for an economic recovery increased. However, risks to a robust resumption of growth persist. A U.S. or global economic downturn could adversely impact the Fund’s portfolio. Market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices, among other factors. Moreover, Federal Reserve policy, including with respect to certain interest rates and the decision to end its quantitative easing policy, may adversely affect the value, volatility and liquidity of dividend- and interest-paying securities. Market volatility, rising interest rates and/or a return to unfavorable economic conditions could impair the Fund’s ability to achieve its investment objective.
Legislation Risk
At any time after the date of this prospectus, legislation may be enacted that could negatively affect the companies in which the Fund invests. Changing approaches to regulation may have a negative impact companies in which the Fund invests. In addition, legislation or regulation may also change the way in which the Fund itself is regulated. There can be no assurance that future legislation, regulation or deregulation will not have a material adverse effect on the Fund or will not impair the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives.
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), which was signed into law in July 2010, has resulted in a significant revision of the U.S. financial regulatory framework. The Dodd-Frank Act covers a broad range of topics, including, among many others: a reorganization of federal financial regulators; the creation of a process designed to ensure financial system stability and the resolution of potentially insolvent financial firms; the enactment of new rules for derivatives trading; the creation of a consumer financial protection watchdog; the registration and regulation of managers of private funds; the regulation of rating agencies; and the enactment of new federal requirements for residential mortgage loans.
Title VII (the “Derivatives Title”) of the Dodd-Frank Act imposes a new regulatory structure on derivatives markets, with particular emphasis on swaps and security-based swaps (collectively “swaps”). The Adviser and/or the Fund may incur additional legal and compliance costs and transaction fees in connection with the trading of such swaps. Regulatory changes imposed as a result of the implementation of the Derivatives Title may jeopardize certain trades and/or trading strategies that may be employed by the Adviser, or at least make them more costly. There may be market dislocations due to uncertainty during the implementation period of any new regulation and the Adviser cannot know how the derivatives market will adjust to new regulations.
On December 11, 2015, the SEC published a proposed rule that, if adopted, would change the regulation of the use of derivative instruments and financial commitment transactions by registered investment companies. The SEC sought public comments on numerous aspects of the proposed rule, and as a result the nature of any final regulations is uncertain at this time. Such regulations could limit the implementation of the Fund’s use of derivatives and impose additional compliance costs on the Fund, which could have an adverse impact on the Fund.
Market Disruption and Geopolitical Risk
The aftermath of the war in Iraq and the continuing occupation of Iraq, instability in the Middle East and terrorist attacks in the United States and around the world have contributed to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and may cause further economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. The Adviser and Sub-Adviser do not know how long the financial markets will continue to be affected by these events and cannot predict the effects of these or similar events in the future on the U.S. and global economies and securities markets.
Anti-Takeover Provisions Risk
The Fund’s Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the “Declaration of Trust”) and the Fund’s Amended and Restated Bylaws (collectively, the “Governing Documents”) include provisions that could limit the ability of other entities or persons to acquire control of the Fund or convert the Fund to an open-end fund. These provisions could have the effect of depriving the Common Shareholders of opportunities to sell their Common Shares at a premium over the then-current market price of the Common Shares.
Market Discount Risk
Shares of closed-end management investment companies frequently trade at a discount from their net asset value, which is a risk separate and distinct from the risk that the Fund’s net asset value could decrease as a result of its investment activities. Although the value of the Fund’s net assets is generally considered by market participants in determining whether to purchase or sell Common Shares, whether investors will realize gains or losses upon the sale of Common Shares will depend entirely upon whether the market price of Common Shares at the time of sale is above or below the investor’s purchase price for Common Shares. Because the market price of Common Shares will be determined by factors such as net asset value, dividend and distribution levels (which are dependent, in part, on expenses), supply of and demand for Common Shares, stability of dividends or distributions, trading volume of Common Shares, general market and economic conditions and other factors beyond the control of the Fund, the Fund cannot predict whether Common Shares will trade at, below or above net asset value or at, below or above the initial public offering price. This risk may be greater for investors expecting to sell their Common Shares soon after the completion of the public offering, as the net asset value of the Common Shares will be reduced immediately following the offering as a result of the payment of certain offering costs. Common Shares of the Fund are designed primarily for long-term investors; investors in Common Shares should not view the Fund as a vehicle for trading purposes.













Subscribe to Our Perspectives

Your browser does not support iframes.


Your browser does not support iframes.




Follow us




















OUR FIRM
News

Press Releases

Firm Overview

Heritage

Careers


OUR PRODUCTS
Exchange Traded Funds

Unit Investment Trusts

Mutual Funds

Closed-End Funds

Currency Shares

Variable Insurance Funds

Indices


OUR PERSPECTIVES
Global CIO Outlook

Macroeconomic Research

Portfolio Strategy

Sector Views

Weekly Viewpoint

In the Media

Resources


SERVICES
Customer Service

Contact Us

Literature




PRIVACY POLICY


BUSINESS CONTINUITY


LEGAL INFORMATION









            Guggenheim Investments represents the investment management business of Guggenheim Partners, LLC ("Guggenheim").
            Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC is an affiliate of Guggenheim.
        
© 2017 Guggenheim Investments. All Rights Reserved.
Research our firm with FINRA Broker Check.
• Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value
This website is directed to and intended for use by citizens or residents of the United States of America only. The material provided on this website is not intended as a recommendation or as investment advice of any kind, including in connection with rollovers, transfers, and distributions. Such material is not provided in a fiduciary capacity, may not be relied upon for or in connection with the making of investment decisions, and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities. All content has been provided for informational or educational purposes only and is not intended to be and should not be construed as legal or tax advice and/or a legal opinion. Always consult a financial, tax and/or legal professional regarding your specific situation. Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal.




  XGGEX Quote - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund   XGGEX:US   NASDAQ GM      Price not available for XGGEX:US   USD             Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   16.98 - 18.66                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         52Wk Range   16.98 - 18.66    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Moderate Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 03/17/2017)   132.289    Inception Date   01/28/2004    Last Dividend (on 02/13/2017)   0.485    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   FARHAN SHARAFF / JAYSON FLOWERS    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.85%    Expense Ratio   1.81%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        SPY:US   SPDR S&P500 ETF Trust    252.74 k 57.51 m 44.87      IVW:US   iShares S&P 500 Growth ETF    186.74 k 23.41 m 18.26      IVE:US   iShares S&P 500 Value ETF    204.84 k 20.89 m 16.30      QQQ:US   PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1    106.27 k 13.24 m 10.33      IWM:US   iShares Russell 2000 ETF    97.09 k 13.13 m 10.24           Profile   Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide a high level of current income and gains with a secondary objective of long-term capital appreciation.    Address  Guggenheim Funds227 W. Mornroe St.Chicago, Illinios 60606USA   Phone  1-866-882-0688   Website   www.claymore.com/DCS              
  GGE Quote - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund   GGE:US      Acquired   GGE:US was acquired by 8925498Z:US   USD             52Wk Range   15.23 - 17.73                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    52Wk Range   15.23 - 17.73    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 03/17/2017)   132.289    Inception Date   01/28/2004    Premium/Discount   -6.82%    Average 52-Week Premium   -8.92%    Fund Managers   FARHAN SHARAFF / JAYSON FLOWERS    Last Dividend (on 02/13/2017)   0.485    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   2.20%    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        SPY:US   SPDR S&P500 ETF Trust    252.74 k 57.51 m 44.87      IVW:US   iShares S&P 500 Growth ETF    186.74 k 23.41 m 18.26      IVE:US   iShares S&P 500 Value ETF    204.84 k 20.89 m 16.30      QQQ:US   PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1    106.27 k 13.24 m 10.33      IWM:US   iShares Russell 2000 ETF    97.09 k 13.13 m 10.24           Profile   Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide a high level of current income and gains with a secondary objective of long-term capital appreciation.    Address  Guggenheim Funds227 W. Mornroe St.Chicago, Illinios 60606USA   Phone  1-866-882-0688   Website   www.claymore.com/DCS              








Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund - NYSE:GGE - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE)
Follow




                                17.22
                            







                        NYSE : Financial
                    

Mar 17, 2017 3:58 PM EDT












Prev Close
  17.36


Day Low/High

                                    17.22 /
                                    17.39


52 Wk Low/High

                                    14.70 /
                                    17.73
                                


Avg Volume 
27.30K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
4.99M


Market Cap
86.00M


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            2.89
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.08
                                            (0.50%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: GGE, BUI, CEN











Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: GGE, MVF, JFR

















Reminder - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 5/11/15, Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.485, payable on 5/29/15. As a percentage of GGE's recent stock price of $17.71, this dividend works out to approximately 2.74%, so look for shares of Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund to trade 2.74% lower — all else being equal — when GGE shares open for trading on 5/11/15.

May 7, 2015 10:05 AM EDT













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: GGE, JMI, NAC
GGE JMI NAC are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, February 11, 2015

Feb 10, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: GGE, LEO, JPS
GGE LEO JPS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, November 12, 2014

Nov 11, 2014 10:08 AM EST













Reminder - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 11/12/14, Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.485, payable on 11/28/14. As a percentage of GGE's recent stock price of $18.64, this dividend works out to approximately 2.60%, so look for shares of Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund to trade 2.60% lower — all else being equal — when GGE shares open for trading on 11/12/14.

Nov 10, 2014 10:15 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: GGE, NQM, DSU
GGE NQM DSU are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, August 13, 2014

Aug 12, 2014 10:05 AM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: GGE, MYC, NMO
GGE MYC NMO are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Tuesday, May 13, 2014, 4:00 AM ET

May 12, 2014 10:04 AM EDT













Ex-Div Reminder For Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 5/13/14, Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.485, payable on 5/30/14. As a percentage of GGE's recent stock price of $18.92, this dividend works out to approximately 2.56%, so look for shares of Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund to trade 2.56% lower — all else being equal — when GGE shares open for trading on 5/13/14.

May 9, 2014 10:09 AM EDT













Reminder - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 2/12/14, Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.485, payable on 2/28/14. As a percentage of GGE's recent stock price of $18.51, this dividend works out to approximately 2.62%, so look for shares of Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund to trade 2.62% lower — all else being equal — when GGE shares open for trading on 2/12/14.

Feb 10, 2014 10:28 AM EST













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: GGE, OAKS, MFL, DSL, XEC
GGE OAKS MFL DSL XEC are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Nov. 13, 2013

Nov 12, 2013 10:00 AM EST













Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (GGE)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 8/13/13, Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.485, payable on 8/30/13. As a percentage of GGE's recent stock price of $18.71, this dividend works out to approximately 2.59%, so look for shares of Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund to trade 2.59% lower — all else being equal — when GGE shares open for trading on 8/13/13.

Aug 9, 2013 10:18 AM EDT













GGE Announces Increase To Quarterly Dividend
(NYSE: 
GGE) 
      Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (the “Fund”), a closed-end 
      management investment company, announces that it is increasing its 
      quarterly dividend to $0.

Dec 3, 2012 4:35 PM EST













Guggenheim Investments Announces November 2012 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments announced today that certain closed-end funds 
      have declared their distributions.

Nov 1, 2012 4:30 PM EDT













Guggenheim Investments Announces Appointment Of Interim Chief Compliance Officer For Certain Closed-End And Exchange-Traded Funds
The exchange-traded funds and certain closed-end funds advised or 
      serviced by Guggenheim Funds Investments Advisors, LLC or Guggenheim 
      Funds Distributors, LLC (together the “Funds”) announced today the 
...

Sep 28, 2012 4:30 PM EDT













Guggenheim Investments Announces August 2012 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments announced today that certain closed-end funds 
      have declared their distributions.

Aug 1, 2012 4:00 PM EDT













Guggenheim Investments Announces Appointment Of A New Trustee And Election Of Chief Executive Officer For Certain Closed-End And Exchange Traded Funds
The exchange traded funds and certain closed-end funds advised by 
      Guggenheim Funds Investments Advisors, LLC (together the “Funds”) today 
      announce the appointment of Mr.

May 30, 2012 5:48 PM EDT













Guggenheim Investments Announces February 2012 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments announced today that certain closed-end funds 
      have declared their monthly or quarterly distributions.

Feb 1, 2012 4:33 PM EST









Guggenheim Funds Closed-End Fund Distributions – November 2011
Guggenheim Funds Distributors, Inc. and its affiliate Guggenheim Funds 
      Investment Advisors, LLC (together, “Guggenheim Funds”) are announcing 
      that certain closed-end funds have declared their monthly or quarterly...

Nov 1, 2011 4:37 PM EDT









GGE Announces Results Of Annual Shareholder Meeting
Guggenheim 
      Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (the “Fund”)(NYSE: 
GGE) 
      announces the results of the annual meeting of shareholders of the Fund, 
      which reconvened on September 8, 2011.

Sep 13, 2011 12:57 PM EDT









GGE Announces Adjournment Of Annual Shareholder Meeting
(NYSE: 
GGE) 
      
Guggenheim 
      Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (the “Fund”) announces that the annual 
      meeting of shareholders of the Fund held on August 30, 2011, has been 
      adjourned to September 8, 2011, at...

Aug 30, 2011 8:47 PM EDT









GGE Announces Increase To Quarterly Dividend
(NYSE: 
GGE) 
      
Guggenheim 
      Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (the “Fund”) a closed-end management 
      investment company, announces that it is increasing its quarterly 
      dividend to $0.

Aug 1, 2011 4:40 PM EDT









Guggenheim Funds Closed-End Fund Distributions – August 2011
Guggenheim Funds Distributors, Inc. and its affiliate Guggenheim Funds 
      Investment Advisors, LLC (together, “Guggenheim Funds”) are announcing 
      that certain closed-end funds have declared their monthly or quarterly...

Aug 1, 2011 4:37 PM EDT





























From Our Partners



The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

SeekingAlpha



The Chemist's CEF Report - February 2017: Caution As CEFs Slightly Overvalued

SeekingAlpha



Profit Arbitrage Potential In A Closed End Fund Merger

SeekingAlpha



Option-Income Equity CEFs: 10% Yields With Some Defense For Your Portfolio

SeekingAlpha



Guggenheim declares quarterly distribution on Funds

SeekingAlpha



Alternative Investment Allocations Should Increase In 2017 Across The Board Due To Market Uncertainty

SeekingAlpha



CEF Income Strategy: When All's Quiet On The Rate Front

SeekingAlpha



Daily State Of The Markets: Alternatives As A Bear Market Protection Plan

SeekingAlpha



Daily State Of The Markets: Understanding Alternatives - The Numbers

SeekingAlpha



Daily State Of The Markets: Alternatives - Exploration Of Investing's Final Frontier

SeekingAlpha



Guggenheim declares quarterly distribution on Funds

SeekingAlpha



Equity CEFs: The Canary In The Coal Mine Is Gasping

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Boeing Could Soar Another 100,000 Feet and Stay the Hottest Dow Jones Industrial Average Performer


Toyota Leads the List of 10 Cars You Could Own Forever


Amazon 'Deceptive' Pricing Probe by the FTC Could Be the Start of a Government Siege


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














XGGEX Fund - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,565.00


-46.78


-0.22%











S&P 500

2,470.65


-2.80


-0.11%











Nasdaq

6,380.98


-9.03


-0.14%











GlobalDow

2,833.55


-8.12


-0.29%











Gold

1,260.80


8.70


0.69%











Oil

45.86


-1.06


-2.26%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



COF 
8.2




CTAS 
7.7




ETFC 
4.8




MCO 
4.5






ISRG
-4.4




HP
-3.8




GE
-3.1




BHGE
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








1:36p

Updated
European stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies



1:34p

Updated
Oil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise



1:32p

Home-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year



1:26p

Updated
GE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment



1:21p

Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true



1:16p

Sean Spicer just quit. Should you be next?



1:14p

PetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 



1:11p

Updated
Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say



1:10p

Updated
FTSE 100 ends lower, but retains grip on weekly gain  



1:07p

Updated
Baker Hughes data show U.S. oil-rig count down for first time in three weeks












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


XGGEX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



XGGEX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund

Watchlist 
CreateXGGEXAlert



  



Last Updated: Mar 17, 2017 EDT



$
18.48



-0.02
-0.11%






Previous Close




$18.50





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



14.70
52 Week Low/High
18.66


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
14.70 - 18.66



YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





SNAP

-2.82%








SQ

1.89%








NFLX

1.73%








MSFT

-1.18%








SHLD

-5.73%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








How OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
              
              A joint OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial monitoring committee will meet Monday in Russia as the global oil market continues to struggle to reach balance in the face rising crude output from the U.S. and wavering commitment to pledged production curbs.              
              
            

7:22 a.m.  Today7:22 a.m. July 21, 2017






Here’s a poorly kept secret about beating the market
              
              Indexing is best for those without access and special information.              
              
            

6:18 p.m. July 20, 2017






This is a sure-fire way to lower investment risk and boost return
              
              This week’s digest focuses on several problems common to investors, including owning a diverse stock and bond portfolio..              
              
            

3:28 p.m. July 14, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
118.68
+0.01
+0.0084%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.58
-0.02
-0.0087%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.00
-0.0100
-0.02%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
195.71
+0.18
+0.09%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
19.56
+0.13
+0.67%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.47
0.00
0.00%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.72
+0.04
+0.32%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Lithium ETF: More Than A Tesla Story
              
              Lithium ETF: More Than A Tesla Story              
              
            

7:29 a.m.  Today7:29 a.m. July 21, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/21/2017 1:40pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.72


-0.38
-0.15%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
143.89
-0.28
-0.19%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
142.62
-0.58
-0.41%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.85
+0.05
+0.18%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
65.35
-0.41
-0.62%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.61
-0.05
-0.12%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy
              
              This is the sort of person you want looking after your money              
              
            

12:00 p.m.  Today12:00 p.m. July 21, 2017






Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
              
              Management CV gauges financial and management performance to anticipate which companies might cut their dividends.              
              
            

11:35 a.m.  Today11:35 a.m. July 21, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
23.83
-0.11
-0.46%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
66.25
-0.11
-0.17%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
73.35
-0.87
-1.17%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.69
-0.06
-0.17%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.89
+0.03
+0.08%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.51
-0.19
-1.62%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.37
-0.51
-0.93%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.22
+0.02
+0.02%








Bonds »








European stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
              
              European stocks suffer their worst daily fall in three weeks Friday, weighed by strength in the euro, as the flow of corporate quarterly results fail to provide a lift.               
              
            

4 min ago1:36 p.m. July 21, 2017






U.S. Oil-Rig Count Falls by One
              
              The number of rigs drilling for oil in the U.S. fell by one in the past week to 764, according to oil-field services company Baker Hughes. The gas-rig count also fell by one.               
              
            

5 min ago1:35 p.m. July 21, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/21/2017 1:37pm
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1667


+0.02
+1.77%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.11
-0.01
-0.93%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.34
-0.0078
-0.58%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.80
-0.02
-1.00%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.23
-0.03
-1.26%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.80
-0.03
-1.01%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/21/2017 12:25pm
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.68


+0.10
+1.04%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.65
-2.80
-0.11%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,564.88
-46.90
-0.22%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,380.99
-9.01
-0.14%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,437.52
-4.83
-0.34%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,773.23
-5.38
-0.30%








Currencies »








Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
              
              The euro’s continued tear higher marks a renewed correlation with the relative performance of government bonds issued by the eurozone’s most financially stressed countries.              
              
            

19 min ago1:21 p.m. July 21, 2017












USDJPY



							7/21/2017 1:40pm
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.057


-0.8520
-0.7613%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.2991
+0.0018
+0.1387%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1320
+0.0111
+0.3557%








Commodities »










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
48.22
-1.08
-2.19%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.52
-0.02
-1.58%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.99
-0.04
-1.35%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,260.70
+8.60
+0.69%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.46
+0.12
+0.70%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
938.10
+4.90
+0.53%


Corn /quotes/zigman/42750879/delayed
383.00
-8.00
-2.05%

















Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy






3.






If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich






4.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






5.






Fix Your iPhone's Old Battery 








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:40 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
1:32pHome-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year
1:26pGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
1:21pEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
1:16pSean Spicer just quit. Should you be next?
1:15pPetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 
1:11pAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
1:11pFTSE 100 ends lower, but retains grip on weekly gain  
1:08pBaker Hughes data show U.S. oil-rig count down for first time in three weeks
1:07pStock market retreats as GE casts pall on earnings season 
1:07pPetIQ shares up 32% in company's market debut 
1:06pHoneywell upgraded to buy from hold at CFRA
1:05pU.S. weekly active oil-rig count down 1 to 764: Baker Hughes
1:05pU.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count down 2 at 950: Baker Hughes
1:05pSeptember WTI oil trades at $45.83/bbl vs. $45.75 before the rig data
12:57pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
12:52pSean Spicer quits as White House press secretary over Scaramucci hire, reports say 
12:36pOil prices drop toward session lows, but gold trades near the day's highs
12:35p White House press secretary Sean Spicer resigns, reports New York Times
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,564.72

-47.06
-0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,380.99

-9.01
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.64

-2.81
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




1:40 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
1:32pHome-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year
1:26pGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
1:21pEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
1:16pSean Spicer just quit. Should you be next?
1:15pPetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 
1:11pAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
1:11pFTSE 100 ends lower, but retains grip on weekly gain  
1:08pBaker Hughes data show U.S. oil-rig count down for first time in three weeks
1:07pStock market retreats as GE casts pall on earnings season 
1:07pPetIQ shares up 32% in company's market debut 
1:06pHoneywell upgraded to buy from hold at CFRA
1:05pU.S. weekly active oil-rig count down 1 to 764: Baker Hughes
1:05pU.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count down 2 at 950: Baker Hughes
1:05pSeptember WTI oil trades at $45.83/bbl vs. $45.75 before the rig data
12:57pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
12:52pSean Spicer quits as White House press secretary over Scaramucci hire, reports say 
12:36pOil prices drop toward session lows, but gold trades near the day's highs
12:35p White House press secretary Sean Spicer resigns, reports New York Times
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,565.17

-46.61
-0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,380.99

-9.01
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.65

-2.80
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




1:40 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
1:32pHome-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year
1:26pGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
1:21pEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
1:16pSean Spicer just quit. Should you be next?
1:15pPetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 
1:11pAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
1:11pFTSE 100 ends lower, but retains grip on weekly gain  
1:08pBaker Hughes data show U.S. oil-rig count down for first time in three weeks
1:07pStock market retreats as GE casts pall on earnings season 
1:07pPetIQ shares up 32% in company's market debut 
1:06pHoneywell upgraded to buy from hold at CFRA
1:05pU.S. weekly active oil-rig count down 1 to 764: Baker Hughes
1:05pU.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count down 2 at 950: Baker Hughes
1:05pSeptember WTI oil trades at $45.83/bbl vs. $45.75 before the rig data
12:57pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
12:52pSean Spicer quits as White House press secretary over Scaramucci hire, reports say 
12:36pOil prices drop toward session lows, but gold trades near the day's highs
12:35p White House press secretary Sean Spicer resigns, reports New York Times
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,565.00

-46.78
-0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,380.98

-9.03
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.65

-2.80
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































XGGEX Fund - Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,565.00


-46.78


-0.22%











S&P 500

2,470.65


-2.80


-0.11%











Nasdaq

6,380.98


-9.03


-0.14%











GlobalDow

2,833.55


-8.12


-0.29%











Gold

1,260.80


8.70


0.69%











Oil

45.86


-1.06


-2.26%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



COF 
8.2




CTAS 
7.7




ETFC 
4.8




MCO 
4.5






ISRG
-4.4




HP
-3.8




GE
-3.1




BHGE
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








1:36p

Updated
European stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies



1:34p

Updated
Oil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise



1:32p

Home-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year



1:26p

Updated
GE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment



1:21p

Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true



1:16p

Sean Spicer just quit. Should you be next?



1:14p

PetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 



1:11p

Updated
Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say



1:10p

Updated
FTSE 100 ends lower, but retains grip on weekly gain  



1:07p

Updated
Baker Hughes data show U.S. oil-rig count down for first time in three weeks












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


XGGEX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



XGGEX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund

Watchlist 
CreateXGGEXAlert



  



Last Updated: Mar 17, 2017 EDT



$
18.48



-0.02
-0.11%






Previous Close




$18.50





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



14.70
52 Week Low/High
18.66


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
14.70 - 18.66



YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





SNAP

-2.82%








SQ

1.89%








NFLX

1.72%








MSFT

-1.17%








SHLD

-5.73%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.















XGGEX Stock Quote - Guggenheim-Enhanced-Equity-Strategy-Fund Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














enhanced equity fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










What Are Equity Income Funds - What Are Equity Income Funds



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​What Are Equity Income Funds



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Thrivent Mutual Funds® - Start Investing Today



Ad
 ·
www.thriventfunds.com



Diversify Your Portfolio w/ No-Load Funds. Put Your Money Where Our Smarts Are.





Mid Cap Stock Funds



Large Cap Stock Funds




Small Cap Stock Funds



Large Cap Value Funds





Top 10 equity mutual funds - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Top 10 Equity Mutual Funds/​Save your time



Get Top 10 equity mutual funds here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Searches related toenhanced equity fund



enhanced equity funds new york


enhanced equity partners


eaton vance enhanced equity fund


enhanced equity fund partners



bdj closed end fund


guggenheim enhanced equity income


guggenheim enhanced equity strategy fund


virtus growth and income fund




Web Results

Enhanced Equity Fund (EEF)-Investment strategy private ...

enhancedequity.com


Enhanced Equity Funds (EEF) is a private equity firm focused exclusively on investing in the healthcare industry serving New York City and beyond.



EEF - Enhanced Equity Fund, LP



Andrew Paul



Contact Us - Enhanced Equity Funds



First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund Issues Notice ...

https://www.thestreet.com/story/14207017/1


The Board of Trustees of First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FFA), CUSIP 337318109, previously approved a managed distribution policy ...


Enhanced Equity Fund, L.P. in New York, NY | Investment Firm

listings.findthecompany.com/l/14991290/Enhanced-Equity-Fund-L-P-in...


Enhanced Equity Fund, L.P. is an inactive private equity firm investing in Early-stage, Expansion-stage, and Late-stage-stage companies. View an in-depth profile ...


Enhanced Equity Income | Overview - Cullen Funds

www.cullenfunds.com/mutual-funds/enhanced-equity-income/overview


Objective. The Cullen Enhanced Equity Income Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation and current income. Strategy Overview. The Enhanced Equity Income Fund invests ...


Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund | Guggenheim ...

https://www.guggenheiminvestments.com/cef/fund/gge


The Fund's investment objective is to seek a high level of current income and gains with a secondary objective of long-term capital appreciation


DSP BlackRock India Enhanced Equity Fund - The Money Managers

www.themoneymanagers.in/pdf/2march2016/DSPBlackRockIndiaEnhanced...


DSP BlackRock India Enhanced Equity Fund (Category III Alternative Investment Fund) December 31, 2015


Enhanced Equity Fund, L.P.: Private Company Information ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Enhanced Equity Fund, L.P. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Enhanced Index Funds: Can They Deliver Low-Risk Returns?

www.investopedia.com/articles/mutualfund/07/enhanced_index.asp


A hybrid of debt and equity ... Does Enhanced = Actively Managed? The mutual funds ... Investors should be very wary of purchasing an enhanced index fund with ...


JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity Fund Class I

https://fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/view-all/4812C1876


Analyze the JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity Fund Class I (OIEAX) and perform mutual fund research on other mutual funds. Learn more about mutual funds ...










What Are Equity Income Funds - What Are Equity Income Funds



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​What Are Equity Income Funds



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Thrivent Mutual Funds® - Start Investing Today



Ad
 ·
www.thriventfunds.com



Diversify Your Portfolio w/ No-Load Funds. Put Your Money Where Our Smarts Are.





Mid Cap Stock Funds



Large Cap Stock Funds




Small Cap Stock Funds



Large Cap Value Funds





Top 10 equity mutual funds - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Top 10 Equity Mutual Funds/​Save your time



Get Top 10 equity mutual funds here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related toenhanced equity fund



enhanced equity funds new york


enhanced equity partners


eaton vance enhanced equity fund


enhanced equity fund partners



bdj closed end fund


guggenheim enhanced equity income


guggenheim enhanced equity strategy fund


virtus growth and income fund




12345Next






Answers







Companies listed on the New York Stock...



Eastman Kodak Company US Eastman Kodak Company US Eaton Corporation plc US Eaton Vance Corporation US Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund US Eaton...

more






Equity Funding



Equity Funding Corporation of America was a Los Angeles-based U.S. financial conglomerate that marketed a package of mutual funds and life insurance to...

more






Private equity fund



A private equity fund is a collective investment scheme used for making investments in various equity (and to a lesser extent debt) securities...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








 










Retirement Investing For Your Most Important Goals | Prudential Financial





















Retirement Investing For Your Most Important Goals
personal/goals/investment-1
www.prudential.com
NJ


en


tQT7VcITT_uRY-a2dGsIyHw
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TPOM4


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TPOM4
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B3955


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B3955
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Investing for your most important goals.
		
	
Let’s replace “What should I invest in?” with “What do I want my investments to achieve?”












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B3957


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B3957
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 You’re thinking long-term. So are we.


Video/Audio Title Goes Here



View transcript






	  You’re thinking long-term. So are we.

	  
Three-quarters of Americans recently told us their top financial goal is to not run out of money in retirement. Long-term goals like this are important to you—and to us. So we’ve built more than 50 mutual funds and other investment products spanning equities, fixed income and specialty sectors like real estate and energy. Our disciplined approach can help you create a diversified, tax-smart portfolio that spreads out risk and smooths out market volatility to help you grow your money for tomorrow.
Ready to learn more? Keep exploring this page, then talk to a Financial Professional today.




 











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TPO67


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TPO67
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGUT30A788SC1J23V2


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGUT30A788SC1J23V2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39L4


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39L4
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Learning about yourself as an investor.
		
	
Choose from the tools and insights below to help build your investment strategy—and your confidence.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39L6


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39L6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Don’t follow the pack.





       Don’t follow the pack.
    Herd mentality can save us in nature—and really hurt in the markets.

 Read why






 Feeling confident with mutual funds.





       Feeling confident with mutual funds.
    Almost half of mutual fund investors feel better about retirement. You can too.
















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39L3


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39L3
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 
























 Tax deferral as part of your strategy.





       Tax deferral as part of your strategy.
    Time—and some help from Prudential—could lead to more money later in life.

 See how it could happen






 Appreciating the fine art of diversification.





       Appreciating the fine art of diversification.
    Why investing in different asset classes may lead to better returns.

 Read article















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39D0


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39D0
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Building a portfolio made easy.
		
	
Find Prudential mutual funds for the goals that matter most to you.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2166


Z7_K8HEHHG0L85170AH548SPT2166
MutualFundFinderContent
ltr
en







MutualFundFinderContent



Actions



 



















Find A Fund



We're sorry; no Prudential Investments funds matched your search criteria, "".



By Ticker

Search Funds




By Category

View All
Asset Allocation
Equity
Global / Int'l Equity
Taxable Fixed Income
Money Market
Specialty
Tax-Exempt Income




View All



Asset Allocation



Equity



Global / Int?l Equity



Taxable Fixed Income



Money Market



Specialty



Tax-Exempt Income


Search Funds






 Showing results for All 


<< Search Again







Name
Ticker
Description













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39D5


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39D5
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			Update your strategy here.
		
	
Investments to satisfy your appetite for risk. Research to satisfy your appetite for information.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39D7


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39D7
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























Investments 
Equities, fixed income and alternatives.






  Investments



  Equities, fixed income and alternatives.




Explore investments across a range of assets classes.

 Go







Annuities 
A different way to Grow. Smarter.SM






  Annuities



  A different way to Grow. Smarter.SM

Combine tax advantages with investment efficiency.

 Go Opens in New Window















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39T2


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39T2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			A portfolio of ways to help.
		
	
Investing is just one aspect of your financial life. Here’s how Prudential can help with everything else.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39T1


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B39T1
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























A financial plan is a life plan. 





            

A financial plan is a life plan.

        There’s more to talk about than numbers. This is the life you want for you and your family.

 Learn more








Life insurance that keeps up with your life. 





            

Life insurance that keeps up with your life.

        How to protect your family, their goals and more with our help.

 Learn more









Looking for income? Follow us. 





            

Looking for income? Follow us.

        Where can you find investment income in today’s low-yield environment? Here are options that may help.
     
 Learn more








Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement. 





            

Enjoy a longer life—and a more secure retirement.

        Retirement can last 30 years or more. Here’s how you can prepare.

 Learn more

















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGVJB0AP1OGEEE0404


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGVJB0AP1OGEEE0404
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













For Compliance Use Only:

	0284123-00010-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B3932


Z7_K8HEHHG0LGABF0AH5OHP3B3932
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
 










Goals | Prudential Financial





















Goals

www.prudential.com
NJ


en


vn3cQd55Hni6iYajeJE3COe
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7C2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7C2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LO0G80A9MMGS1I1211


Z7_K8HEHHG0LO0G80A9MMGS1I1211
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			You have goals. We have solutions.
		
	
From planning for the retirement you want to protecting your family's dreams, we're here to help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M2


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 



































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7I7


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7I7
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M7


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M7
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













 

For Compliance Use Only:

	0284123-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02E6


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02E6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
 










Goals | Prudential Financial





















Goals

www.prudential.com
NJ


en


xK_2OzN0rGTVzhtsfKmyWH5
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7C2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7C2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LO0G80A9MMGS1I1211


Z7_K8HEHHG0LO0G80A9MMGS1I1211
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			You have goals. We have solutions.
		
	
From planning for the retirement you want to protecting your family's dreams, we're here to help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M2


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 



































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7I7


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7I7
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M7


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M7
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













 

For Compliance Use Only:

	0284123-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02E6


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02E6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
 










Goals | Prudential Financial





















Goals

www.prudential.com
NJ


en


4XUPoXxcZO7HPdj4GXYcQbP
| 





Skip to main content





















 About


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 Careers


 FAQs


 Forms


 Contact














Menu



Close






Prudential Financial








Personal
 Personal






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Insights



 Goals

Personal







 Advisors






 Workplace Benefits



 Life Insurance



 Annuities



 Investments



 Structured Settlements



 Partner With Us



 Insights







 Employers






 Financial Wellness



 Retirement



 Group Insurance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights







 Institutions






 PGIM at a Glance



 Pension Risk Transfer



 Insights










Search



Log In



Close






At least  characters must be typed in the search field in order to perform the search

Search




Search

Go





 Log In
        










{}





Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7C2


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7C2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 






















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LO0G80A9MMGS1I1211


Z7_K8HEHHG0LO0G80A9MMGS1I1211
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 

























		
			You have goals. We have solutions.
		
	
From planning for the retirement you want to protecting your family's dreams, we're here to help.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M2


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M2
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 



































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7I7


Z7_K8HEHHG0L0C170ADGDL96TP7I7
Script Portlet Content Item
ltr
en







Script Portlet Content Item



Actions



 














Save. Invest. Protect. Subscribe.
Planning ahead for your financial future may not be easy, but it can be easier—with ideas and insights delivered right to your inbox.


Thank you for signing up.

              You've taken an important step in planning your financial future.
            










 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M7


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02M7
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 













 

For Compliance Use Only:

	0284123-00011-00

 









 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02E6


Z7_K8HEHHG0LOFSB0AH17T29S02E6
Web Content Viewer
ltr
en







Web Content Viewer



Actions



 





Securities products and services are offered through: Pruco Securities, LLC and Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC, both members SIPC and located in Newark, NJ, or Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., located in Shelton, CT. All are Prudential Financial companies. Statement of Financial Condition for Prudential Investment Management Services, LLC.
Insurance and annuities are issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company (except in NY and/or NJ) and Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (in NY and/or NJ). Each is a Prudential Financial company located in Newark, NJ (main office) and each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.
Variable annuities are distributed by Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc., Shelton, CT.

Retirement products and services are provided by Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, Hartford, CT, or its affiliates.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol and Bring Your Challenges are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Site for U.S. persons only.
Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation or offer for sale in any jurisdiction, outside the United States of America, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
 
Prudential Financial, its affiliates, and their financial professionals do not render tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona company - California COA # 3637. The Prudential Insurance Company of America - California COA # 1179. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company - California COA # 08003. The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America Newark, NJ.
Securities and Insurance Products:
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency   |   May Lose Value   |   Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
  




Template: 0183077-00022-00



 






Back to top









 







 
