





Hale, David F. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































David F. Hale
David F. Hale is President and CEO of CancerVax Corporation a
biotechnology company involved in the research, development,
manufacturing and marketing of immunotherapy products for the treatment
of cancer. Prior to CancerVax, Hale was President and CEO of Women First
HealthCare, from January 1998 to June 2000. Prior to Women First
HealthCare, Hale was President and CEO of Gensia Sicor, formerly Gensia,
Inc., from 1987 to 1997 and Chairman from 1991 to 1997. Prior to Gensia
Sicor, Hale was President and CEO of Hybritech Inc., a division of Eli
Lilly and Company, from 1986 to 1987. He jointed Hybritech as Senior
Vice President Marketing and Business Development, became Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer in late 1982 and President in
1983. Prior to joining Hybritech, Hale was Vice President and General
Manager of BBL Microbiology Systems, division of Becton Dickinson & Co.,
and from January 1980 to February 1981 he was Vice President, Sales &
Marketing. From 1971 to 1980 he held various marketing management
positions with Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation, a division of Johnson &
Johnson, including Director of Marketing and Director of Product
Management for Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation. Hale serves on the
Board of Directors of Dura Pharmaceuticals, a company involved in
products to treat respiratory infections; LMA North America, a company
involved in products for use in anesthiology; Santarus, Inc., a company
involved in the development of products for GI disease; and Metabasis
Therapeutics, a biotechnology company. Hale also serves on the Board of
BIOCOM/San Diego (formerly the Biomedical Industry Council (BIC) of
which he was the founder). Hale also serves on the Board of Directors of
the University of California, San Diego Foundation, the San Diego
Economic Development Corporation, Children’s Hospital of San Diego, and
Francis W. Parker School. He is also a founder of UCSD’s CONNECT Program
in Technology and Entrepreneurship and was recently appointed to serve
on the Mayor’s Science and Technology Council.
Related Interviews:David Hale - Cancervax CorporationOctober 12, 2001







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
























David F. Hale - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















David F. Hale
Executive Chairman and Former Principal Executive Officer at Biocept


View Full Profile
Are you David F. Hale? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David F. Hale's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David F. Hale's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David F. Hale's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David F. Hale through your network of contacts.
												








David F. Hale's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Chairman and Former Principal Executive Officer, 
Biocept


Board Member, 
Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.


Past
To view David F. Hale's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Jacksonville State University


Age
68

 
 


David F. Hale's Biography



David F. Hale has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2006 and chairman of the board since December 2012. Since May 2006, Mr. Hale has served as Chairman & CEO of Hale BioPharma Ventures, a private company focused on the formation and development of biotechnology, specialty pharma, device and diagnostic companies. He was previously President and CEO of CancerVax Corporation which merged with Micromet, Inc., a cancer therapeutic company, from October 2000 through May 2006, when he became Chairman of the combined companies until the sale of the company to Amgen Inc. Mr. Hale is a serial entrepreneur who has been involved  ...
(Read More)

			David F. Hale has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2006 and chairman of the board since December 2012. Since May 2006, Mr. Hale has served as Chairman & CEO of Hale BioPharma Ventures, a private company focused on the formation and development of biotechnology, specialty pharma, device and diagnostic companies. He was previously President and CEO of CancerVax Corporation which merged with Micromet, Inc., a cancer therapeutic company, from October 2000 through May 2006, when he became Chairman of the combined companies until the sale of the company to Amgen Inc. Mr. Hale is a serial entrepreneur who has been involved in the founding and/or development of a number of biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. After joining Hybritech, Inc., in 1982, the first monoclonal antibody company, he was President & Chief Operating Officer and became CEO in 1986, when Hybritech was acquired by Eli Lilly and Co. From 1987 to 1997 he was Chairman, President and CEO of Gensia, Inc., which merged with SICOR to become Gensia Sicor, Inc., which was acquired by Teva Pharmaceuticals. He was a co-founder and Chairman of Viagene, Inc. from 1987 to 1995, when Viagene was acquired by Chiron, Inc. He was President and CEO of Women First HealthCare, Inc. from late 1997 to June 2000. Prior to joining Hybritech, Mr. Hale was Vice President and General Manager of BBL Microbiology Systems, a division of Becton, Dickinson & Co. and from 1971 to 1980, held various marketing and sales management positions with Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation, a division of Johnson & Johnson, Inc. Mr. Hale also serves as Chairman of Biocept, Inc. Mr. Hale previously served as Chairman of Santarus, Inc., until its acquisition by Salix, Inc. in January 2014, as Chairman of Somaxon, Inc., until its acquisition by Pernix, Inc. in 2013 and as Chairman of SkinMedica, Inc., until its acquisition by Allergan in 2012. He also serves as Chairman of a number of privately held companies, including Colorescience, Inc., Neurelis, Inc., MDRejuvena Inc., Recros Medica, Inc., Skylit Medical, Agility Clinical, Inc. and Adigica Health, Inc. Mr. Hale also is a co-founder and serves on the Board of Directors of BIOCOM, is a former member of the Board of the Biotechnology Industry Organization, or BIO, and the Biotechnology Institute. Mr. Hale also serves on the Board of Directors of the San Diego Economic Development Corporation, and as a Board Trustee of Rady Children's Hospital of San Diego and as Chairman of the Board of Rady Children's Institute of Pediatric Genomics. He is a co-founder of the CONNECT Program in Technology and Entrepreneurship. Mr. Hale holds a B.A. in Biology and Chemistry from Jacksonville State University. We believe Mr. Hale is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive knowledge of our business and history, experience as a board member of multiple publicly-traded and privately-held companies, and expertise in developing, financing and providing strong executive leadership to numerous biopharmaceutical companies.
		
Source: Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. on 04/29/2014
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David F. Hale's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David F. Hale. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David F. Hale's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David F. Hale's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David F. Hale through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David F. Hale


















David F. Hale's Connections (302)





Sign up now to view David F. Hale's 302 connections »









Wendell D. Wierenga
Board Member, Cytokinetics, Incorporated









Gregory T. Lucier
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, NuVasive, Inc.









William G. Kachioff
Former Consultant, Biocept









Steven J. Mento
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Principal Financial Officer, Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.









Christian Itin
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Micromet









Julia R. Brown
Board Member, Biodel Inc.









Erle T. Mast
Former Board Member, Zogenix, Inc.









Louis P. Lacasse
Former Board Member, Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.









William R. LaRue
Board Member, Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.









Michael G. Carter
Former Board Member, GTX Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 David F. Hale and Ivor Royston, M.D. Join Biocept Board 
         










    










 






 











 









David F. Hale and Ivor Royston, M.D. Join Biocept Board

Apr 11, 2011, 12:52 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Biocept, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


SAN DIEGO, April 11, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Biocept, Inc. announced today that David F. Hale has joined the Board as Executive Chairman and Ivor Royston, M.D. as a Director. Mr. Hale and Dr. Royston first worked together at Hybritech, San Diego's first biotech company, of which Dr. Royston was a co-founder and director, and Mr. Hale served as President and COO and as CEO when the company was acquired by Eli Lilly & Co. They also worked together at the oncology company, CancerVax Incorporated, which was merged with Micromet, Inc. in 2006.
Biocept is a San Diego-based diagnostic and laboratory services company focused on the capture, detection, enumeration and analysis of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) to provide information to physicians to enhance the treatment of patients with cancer. The company is planning to launch its first product, OncoCEE-BR™ for breast cancer, in the third quarter of this year.
"Ivor and I are very excited about the potential of Biocept's technology to aid physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of their patients with cancer," said Hale. "Cancer has been shown to be a disease of genetic changes that are highly variable from patient to patient, requiring a individualized treatment approach. We believe that Biocept's technology can play an important role in the development of personalized or companion diagnostics to help clinicians customize the treatment of their cancer patients," continued Hale.
"We also want to thank Claire Reiss, whose deceased husband Bob was involved in founding the Company, for her service as Chairwoman of the Board and for her significant financial support of the Company. Mrs. Reiss will continue on the Board as Chairwoman Emeritus", said Hale.
David F. Hale
Since 2006 Hale has been Chairman and CEO of Hale BioPharma Ventures, LLC a private venture company that has been involved in the founding, formation and/or development of over ten biotechnology, specialty pharma, diagnostic and medical device companies. In addition to Hybritech, he was President and CEO of Gensia Sicor, Inc., co-founder and chairman of Viagene, President and CEO of Women First Health Care, Inc. and President and CEO of CancerVax. He was a co-founder and serves as Chairman of the Board of Somaxon Pharmaceuticals and as Chairman of Santarus, both of which are public companies. He also serves on the Board of Skin Medica, Inc. and a number of other emerging private companies.
He is a co-founder and serves on the Board of Directors of BIOCOM, and is a co-founder and Chairman Emeritus of CONNECT. He is a member of the Board of the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), the San Diego EDC, the Sanford-Burnham Research Institute and serves as Chairman of Rady Children's Hospital.
Ivor Royston, M.D.
Since 1990, Dr. Royston is a founding Managing Partner of Forward Ventures in San Diego, from 1990-2000, he served as founding President and CEO of The Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center and from 1978 to 1990, he was on the oncology faculty of UC, San Diego. In addition to Hybritech, he was a co-founder of IDEC Corporation in 1986, which merged with Biogen to form BiogenIdec.
Dr. Royston has been instrumental in the formation, financing and development of numerous biotechnology companies, including: Applied Molecular Evolution (acquired by Eli Lilly); Corixa (acquired by GlaxoSmithKline); Dynavax; Morphotek (acquired by Eisai), Sequana Therapeutics (acquired by Celera); TargeGen (acquired by Sanofi - Aventis), and Triangle Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Gilead). Dr. Royston's recent portfolio investments include HemaQuest, LigoCyte (Chairman), and Syndax.
Dr. Royston received his B.A. (1967) and M.D. (1970) degrees from Johns Hopkins University and completed post-doctoral training in internal medicine and medical oncology at Stanford University. In 1997, President Clinton appointed Dr. Royston to a six-year term on the National Cancer Advisory Board.
About Biocept, Inc.
Biocept Laboratories, headquartered in San Diego, California, is a diagnostic and advanced laboratory services company specializing in the capture, detection, isolation and molecular analysis of circulating tumor cells (CTCs). Biocept's mission is to enhance the lives of cancer patients through the development of innovative diagnostic products and services. Biocept utilizes patented and innovative technologies to deliver clinically relevant information to physicians that enable better patient care. This includes clinical assessments of CTCs, both prognostic and predictive, which may provide physicians with information highly relevant for the treatment of their patients with cancer.
 SOURCE  Biocept, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.biocept.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 04, 2011, 16:32 ET
Preview: Lyle Arnold, PhD and Michael Dunn Join Biocept Management Team













Mar 31, 2011, 13:58 ET
Preview: Biocept and Academic Collaborators to Present Posters at AACR on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTCs)






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jun 21, 2017, 08:05 ET
Biocept Expands Commercial Offering of Clinically Actionable...














Jun 21, 2017, 08:05 ET
Biocept Added to the Russell Microcap Index














Jun 21, 2017, 08:05 ET
Biocept and MediNcrease Health Plans Announce Provider Agreement...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





CNAT David F. Hale Insider Trades for Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CNAT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


CNAT

/quotes/zigman/18085856/composite


$
6.04




Change

-0.0012
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 32,026
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/18085856/composite
Previous close

$
			6.04
		


$
				6.04
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$5.97
$6.13










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.45
        

            $9.40
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




David F. Hale



Mr. David F. Hale is Independent Non-Executive Director at Cassiopea SpA, Chairman at Agility Clinical, Inc., Non-Executive Chairman at Biocept, Inc., Chairman at Conatus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chairman at Hale BioPharma Ventures LLC, a Director at BIOCOM, an Advisor at Windamere Venture Partners LLC, Chairman at Advantar Laboratories, Inc., Chairman at CRISI Medical Systems, Inc., Chairman at Intrepid Therapeutics, Inc., Chairman at Katama Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chairman at Neurelis, Inc., Chairman at Rady Children's Hospital & Health Center of San Diego, Chairman at Rich Diagnostics, Inc., Chairman at Ridge Diagnostics, Inc., Chairman at Santarus, Inc., Chairman at Skylit Medical and General Partner at Hale Trading Co. LP. He is on the Board of Directors at Cassiopea SpA, Verus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., BIOCOM, Colorescience, Inc., CONNECT, Dermata Therapeutics LLC, Idun Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Mdrejuvena, Inc., Recros Medica, Inc., San Diego Regional Economic Development Corp. and Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute. Mr. Hale was previously employed as Non-Executive Chairman by Somaxon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chairman by SkinMedica, Inc., Chairman by Santarus, Inc., Chairman by Micromet, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by CancerVax Corp., Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by Women First HealthCare, Inc., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer by Gensia Sicor, Inc., Chairman by Viagene, Inc., President, Chief Executive & Operating Officer by Hybritech, Inc., VP & General Manager-BBL Microbiology Systems by Becton, Dickinson & Co., and a Principal by Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp. He also served on the board at Biotechnology Industry Organization, California Healthcare Institute, Elevation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and The Biotechnology Institute. He received his undergraduate degree from Jacksonville State University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/08/2014
12,121


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.99 per share.


11,999


09/26/2013
12,121


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.31 per share.


27,999


07/30/2013
2,588


 
Acquisition at $11 per share.


28,468


07/30/2013
261


 



2,871


07/30/2013
19,679


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Steven J. Mento 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Charles J. Cashion 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & SVP-Finance




Dr. Alfred P. Spada 
CSO, EVP-Research & Development




Ms. Michelle L. Vandertie 
Vice President-Finance




Mr. Daniel L. Ripley 
Senior VP-Business Development & Programme




Dr. David T. Hagerty 
Executive Vice President-Clinical Development




Mr. Alan R. Engbring 
Executive Director-IR & Communications




Dr. Edward F. Smith 
SVP-Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance




Mr. David F. Hale 
Chairman




Dr. Harold E. van Wart 
Independent Director




Mr. James Paul Scopa 
Independent Director




Dr. Daniel L. Kisner 
Independent Director




Dr. Preston S. Klassen 
Independent Director




Mr. William R. LaRue 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:29 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































David F Hale - Laguna Niguel, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David F Hale in Laguna Niguel, CA


David F Hale

                                                                           Intelius found that David F Hale  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Laguna Niguel, CA.  We have connected them to
                60 addresses,
                28 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David F Hale is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Laguna Niguel, CA
New York, NY
Boston, MA

David's Relatives

Kristin Capalbo
Linda Hale
Kathleen Capalbo
Tara Capalbo







David F Hale



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Global Economic Advisor at Commonwealth Financial Network



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David F Hale
Get a Criminal Check on David F Hale
Get a Public Record Report on David F Hale
Get a People Search Report on David F Hale


David F Hale's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David F Hale has lived as well as David F Hale's phone numbers and email addresses.




David F Hale Has Lived in 12 States
California Address for David F Hale


11 S**** B****** P* 

Laguna Niguel, CA


Has Lived In

Laguna Niguel, CA
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David F Hale

(858) ***-**** - Rancho Santa Fe, CA 
(858) ***-**** - Rancho Santa Fe, CA 
(760) ***-**** - Indian Wells, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David F Hale

d*******3@***.com


Get Email Report




David F Hale's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David F Hale's academic history.  Find out which schools David F Hale attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David F Hale received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David F Hale Has Attended 10 Schools
Georgetown University David F Hale has a B.sc. in International Economic Affairs               
Georgetown University                              David F Hale has a B.sc. Degree in International Economic Affairs               
North Pole High School                                             
Northwestern University                              David F Hale has a  Japanese               
Jacksonville State University                              David F Hale has a B.A. in Biology               
London School of Economics and Political Science                              David F Hale has a B.sc. in Int'l Econ.               
London School of Economics and Political Science                              David F Hale has a M.sc. in Economics               
Georgia State University                              David F Hale has a Bfa in Painting               
 David F Hale has a M.sc in Econ               
University of Chicago                              David F Hale has a degree in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations               


David F Hale's Professional Information
Information regarding David F Hale's professional history.  Find out previous places David F Hale has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David F Hale Has Worked at 49 Places
Company: Commonwealth Financial Network
               Title: Global Economic Advisor
Company: New York Stock Exchange
               Title: Founder and Chairman, Hale Advisors and China Online
David F Hale's Experience
Title: Global Economic Advisor
               Company: Commonwealth Financial Network
Job Details
               The Commonwealth Bank is Australia's leading provider of integrated financial services including retail banking, premium banking, business banking, institutional banking, funds management, superannuation, insurance, investment and sharebroking products and services. The Group is one of the largest listed companies on the Australian Stock Exchange and is included in the Morgan Stanley Capital Global Index.
Title: Founder and Chairman, Hale Advisors and China Online
               Company: New York Stock Exchange
Job Details
               A division of NYSE Euronext (NYX), NYSE Technologies provides broadly accessible, comprehensive connectivity and transaction capabilities, data and infrastructure services, and managed solutions for a range of customers requiring next-generation performance and expertise for mission critical and value-added trading services. NYSE Technologies offers a diverse array of products, services and solutions to: the Buy Side, including order routing, liquidity discovery and access to a community of over 630 Broker-Dealers and execution destinations globally; the Sell Side, including high performance, end-to-end messaging software and innovative market data products delivered on the world's largest, most reliable financial transaction network; and Market Venues and Exchanges, including multi-asset exchange platform services, managed services and expert consultancy. With offices across the U.S., Europe, and Asia, NYSE Technologies offers advanced integrated solutions for the global capital markets community, earning the ability to power trading operations for many of the world's best financial institutions and exchanges.
Additional Professional Information on David F Hale

 See David F Hale's LinkedIn Profile



David F Hale's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David F Hale


David F Hale's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David F Hale's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Hale
Username Matches

                  DavidHale
                  HaleDavid
                  David.Hale
                  Hale.David
                  David_Hale
                  Hale_David
                  David-Hale
                  Hale-David
                  DHale
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Hale







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













David F. Hale: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 2:29 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Biocept, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David F. Hale  Executive Chairman, Biocept, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 18 Board Members in 18 different organizations across 20 different industries.See Board Relationships68$100,000
Background

		Mr. David F. Hale is Founder and Managing Director of Dermata Therapeutics, LLC. Mr. Hale serves as Advisor at Windamere Venture Partners, LLC. He is a co-founder of CONNECT. He serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Hale BioPharma Ventures, LLC. He is Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Neurelis, Inc. He co-founded Pernix Sleep, Inc. in August 2003 and served as its interim Chief Executive Officer from January 2008 to August 2008 and Executive ... Chairman since August 2003. He served as Principal Executive Officer of Biocept, Inc. until August 26, 2013. In 1982, after joining Hybritech, Inc., the first monoclonal antibody company, he served as the Chief Operating Officer, President and then Chief Executive Officer, when Hybritech was acquired by Eli Lilly and Co. in 1986. From 1987 to 1997, he was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gensia, Inc., and a co-founder and Chairman of Viagene, Inc. from 1987 to 1995. Prior to joining Hybritech, he served as Vice President and General Manager of BBL Microbiology Systems, a division of Becton, Dickinson & Co. and from 1971 to 1980, held various marketing and sales management positions with Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation, a division of Johnson & Johnson, Inc. He served as Chief Executive Officer and President at CancerVax Corp. since October 2000. He served as Executive Chairman and Acting Principal Executive Officer of Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc. since September 1, 2009 and October 30, 2009 respectively. He serves as Chairman at Ridge Diagnostics, Inc., The Board at CRISI Medical Systems, Inc., Advantar Laboratories, Inc., Intrepid Therapeutics, Inc., Colorescience, Inc., Katama Pharmaceuticals, Skylit Medical and Agility Clinical, Inc. He has been the Chairman of Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. since December 2012 and has been its Director since October 2006. He serves as Chairman of Oncternal Therapeutics, Inc. He has been Executive Chairman at Biocept, Inc. since June 20, 2017 and served as its Non-Executive Chairman since March 2011 until June 20, 2017. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Rady Children’s Hospital. Mr. Hale served as Chairman of Santarus, Inc. from February 2004 to January 2, 2014 and served as its Director from June 2000 to January 2, 2014. He served as the Executive Chairman of SkinMedica, Inc. from March 2003 to 2012 and served as its Director from 2001 to 2012. He served as Chairman of Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc. since September 14, 2006 and served as its Independent Director since April 1997. He served as Chairman of Micromet, Inc. from May 2006 to March 2, 2012. He serves as a Director of CONNECT. He serves as Trustee at Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute. He serves as Director at Biotechnology Institute, The. He serves as Life Director at BIOCOM, Inc. He serves as Director at Verus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Adigica Health, Inc. Mr. Hale serves as a Director of Dermata Therapeutics, LLC. He has been a Non Executive Independent Director of Cassiopea S.p.A. since April 2015. He served as a Director of Tokalas, Inc. He served as Director of Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since 1986. He served as Director at CancerVax Corp. since December 2000, Xcel Pharmaceuticals Inc. since November 2001 and Micromet, Inc. from December 2000 to March 7, 2012. Mr. Hale received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology and Chemistry from Jacksonville State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5810 Nancy Ridge DriveSan Diego, California 92121United StatesPhone: 858-320-8200Fax: 858-320-8225
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeSanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery InstituteDirectorBiotechnology Institute, TheChairmanColorescience, Inc.DirectorVerus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerHale BioPharma Ventures, LLCChairmanRidge Diagnostics, Inc.Co-Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive OfficerNeurelis, Inc.Chairman of The BoardCRISI Medical Systems, IncChairmanAgility Clinical, Inc.ChairmanClarify Medical, Inc.Founder, Managing Director, and DirectorDermata Therapeutics, LLCChairmanOncternal Therapeutics, Inc.DirectorAdigica Health, Inc.2001-PresentChairmanSkinMedica, Inc.2006-PresentChairmanConatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.2011-PresentExecutive ChairmanBiocept, Inc.2015-PresentNon-Executive Independent DirectorCassiopea S.p.A.
Education
BA Jacksonville State University
Other Affiliations
Windamere Venture Partners, LLCDura Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Santarus, Inc.Micromet, Inc.Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc.CancerVax Corp.Xcel Pharmaceuticals Inc.SkinMedica, Inc.Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery InstituteJacksonville State UniversityPernix Sleep, Inc.Biotechnology Institute, TheColorescience, Inc.Verus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.BIOCOM, Inc.Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.Hale BioPharma Ventures, LLCRidge Diagnostics, Inc.Neurelis, Inc.CRISI Medical Systems, IncAgility Clinical, Inc.Tokalas, Inc.Clarify Medical, Inc.Dermata Therapeutics, LLCCassiopea S.p.A.Oncternal Therapeutics, Inc.Adigica Health, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$100,000Total Calculated Compensation$100,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationFrancis A. deSouza Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorIllumina, Inc.$799.6KDavid P. King J.D.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentLaboratory Corporation of America Holdings$1.1MJean-Luc  Belingard Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerbioMérieux S.A.$2.2MJoji  Nakayama Chairman & CEODaiichi Sankyo Company, Limited$126.0MMatthew  Rabinowitz Ph.D.Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentNatera, Inc.$452.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Biocept, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Login | sunjournal.com



















Contact us today!
	  (207)784-5411 or (800)482-0753
subscribe@sunjournal.com

 





Login | sunjournal.com
 

 















Log in, register or view subscription options.



The article you requested has been designated as premium content. A valid subscription is required to view it. If you are a subscriber who has logged in to sunjournal.com before, please log in below. Otherwise, follow one of the links to continue.














DIGITAL SUBSCRIBERS


Already have a digital subscription?
      Log in for online access



Subscriber Log-in


Email address



Password




 Remember me




Forgot your password?








1

2

3





New Users








      PRINT SUBSCRIBERS
    



Already a print subscriber?Register your subscription to allow online access.
    



Register




       
    








      NEW VISITORS
    



First time here?View our subscription offers and access online content.
    



View options


















RSS

Top headlines | Lewiston/Auburn | Franklin | Oxford Hills | River Valley | Sports | Entertainment | Obituaries



News

Lewiston/Auburn | Franklin | Oxford Hills | River Valley | New England | State | Politics | National | Business | Matter of Record | Submit a news tip | Archive search



Lifestyle

Encore | Mark LaFlamme | b Section | Sun Spots | Dr Donohue | Dear Abby | Horoscopes | Ask Sun Spots | Submit your event | Archive search



Sports

Local | Community | National | Contact sports | Archive search



Opinion

Our View | Letters to the Editor | Guest Columnists | Sunday Perspective | Write a letter to the editor



Community

Obituaries | Funeral Notices | Connections | Weddings, Engagements, Anniversaries | Well Done | Matters of record | Submit a connections item | Submit an obituary



Multimedia

Video | Photo Galleries



Services

Subscribe to the Sun Journal | Subscribe to the e-Edition | Manage your newspaper delivery account | Manage your online commenting account | Order photos | Place a classified ad | Send us a press release | Write a letter to the editor | Send us a wedding announcement | Archive search



Advertising

Search classifieds | Jobs | Real Estate | Legal Ads | Special Sections | Special Sections calendar | Advertise with us | Contact advertising





SunJournal.com

Contact Us | Staff Directory | Advertise with us | Special Sections calendar | About Us | Commenting Policy | Privacy Policy | Photo reprint policy | Submit a news tip | Get the App in the Apple Store



Sun Journal

Subscriber Services | Purchase Photos | RSS Feeds



Sun Media Group

Sun Journal | The Forecaster | Bethel Citizen | Advertiser Democrat | Rumford Falls Times | My Job Wave | MaineLink | Privacy Policy










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














david f hale - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Hale County Free Search - Enter A Name Search For Free



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com/​Hale-County



See Anyone's Hale County Records. Enter a Name & Search For Free!





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records





David Hale | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​David Hale



Find David Hale Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




We Found David Hale - See Current Address, Cell Phone.



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​David hale



See Current Address, Cell Phone. Email, and More. Search For Free.




David Hale's History - David Hale's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



David Hale's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search
















David Hale (economist)




David D. Hale (United States, born November 22, 1951) is an American economist and author. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and a recipient of the William F

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Stephen F. Hale - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Stephen_F._Hale


Early life and education. Hale was born on January 31, 1816, in Crittenden County, Kentucky. His father was a Baptist minister, a South Carolinian, who married a Miss ...


David Hale (diplomat) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/David_Hale_(ambassador)


David Hale (born 1962) is a United States diplomat and career foreign service officer, currently serving as the United States Ambassador to Pakistan.


David Hale (economist) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/David_Hale_(economist)


David D. Hale (United States, born November 22, 1951) is an American economist and author. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and a recipient of the ...


David Hale (ice hockey) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/David_Hale_(ice_hockey)


David M. Hale (born June 18, 1981) is a former American professional ice hockey player. He played for the New Jersey Devils, Calgary Flames, Phoenix Coyotes, Tampa ...


Robert F. Hale - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Robert_F._Hale


Robert F. Hale (born 1947) was the United States Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) from 2009 until 2014 and before that the Assistant Secretary of the Air ...


David Hale (footballer) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/David_Hale_(footballer)


1 Playing statistics correct to the end of 2015. In 2008 Hale lead the goalkicking for North Melbourne with 37 goals but Hale then seemed to fall out of favor with ...


David P. Lewis - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/David_P._Lewis


David Peter Lewis (1820 – July 3, 1884) ... Stephen F. Hale; David P. Lewis; Tho. Fearn; Jno. Gill Shorter; J. L. M. Curry; Mississippi: Alex. M. Clayton; James T ...


Matthew F. Hale - WOW.com

content.wow.com/wiki/Matthew_F._Hale


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Alf Hale - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Alf_Hale


Alfred Hale (24 January 1906 – December 1972), known as Alf or Pally Hale, was an English professional footballer who made 205 appearances in the Football League ...


David Levy Yulee - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/David_L._Yulee


David Levy Yulee (born David Levy; June 12, 1810 – October 10, 1886) was an American politician and attorney of Moroccan-Jewish origins. A resident of Florida, he ...










Hale County Free Search - Enter A Name Search For Free



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com/​Hale-County



See Anyone's Hale County Records. Enter a Name & Search For Free!





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records





David Hale | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​David Hale



Find David Hale Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




We Found David Hale - See Current Address, Cell Phone.



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​David hale



See Current Address, Cell Phone. Email, and More. Search For Free.




David Hale's History - David Hale's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



David Hale's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search




Searches related todavid f hale



david hale san diego


david hale biography


david hale biopharma ventures


hale biopharma ventures llc



david hale biotech


hale ventures


hale ventures llc


biopharma ventures




12345Next

Related Searches



david hale san diego


david hale biography


david hale biopharma ventures


hale biopharma ventures llc


david hale biotech


hale ventures


hale ventures llc


biopharma ventures




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








 






Hale David Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Hale David Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Hale's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Hale David's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Hale David's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Hale David 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Hale’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailHale’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Hale’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Hale is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Hale’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Hale is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Hale's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Hale's background in the comforts of home.
Hale will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Hale's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Hale David, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Hale's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























