


Dr. Brian Hanson, Internal Medicine - Minneapolis , MN  | Sharecare










































Ask a health related question:














Join Sharecare

Log In














Find a Doctor
Health Experts
Topics
Video
Health Tools
















Profile


Locations


More











Find a Doctor



|



Internal Medicine



|



MN



|



Minneapolis



|


Dr. Brian Hanson, MD



















Dr. Brian Hanson

Internal Medicine


Minneapolis, MN


Male

7 Years of Experience


1 Insurance Plan



Languages supported at his practice: Spanish, Polish, Arabic, French, Korean, German, Tagalog, Italian, English, Vietnamese, Russian










Accepting New Patients





Electronic Health Records










Dr. Hanson's Background






Bio


Brian J. Hanson, MD is a practicing Internist in Minneapolis, MN. Dr. Hanson graduated from Creighton University School of Medicine in 2009 and has been in practice for 7 years. Dr. Hanson also practices at Florida Atlantic University Student Health Services in Boca Raton, FL. In addition to English, Dr. Hanson's practice supports these languages: Spanish, Polish, Arabic, French, Korean, German, Tagalog, Italian, Vietnamese and Russian. 





Specialties


Internal Medicine





Education




Medical School, 2009

Creighton University School of Medicine
Omaha, NE







Learn More About Internal Medicine




Article

See All Articles 











5 Things Your Nurse Wants You to Know


                                                      I consider myself lucky to be one of the 3.1 million registered nurses (RN) in the U.S., an amazing profession full of passionate, kind, brilliant women and men with years of education and experience
...Read More






Questions

See All Questions 





Will my primary care physician be informed of my urgent care visit?




Why is it important to have a doctor?










Primary Location






420 Delaware St SE
Minneapolis, MN 55455

See All Locations
















Phone Number



Have you visited Dr. Hanson before?
Yes
No




612-273-3000



612-273-3000
















Similar Doctors











Dr. Ubonvan Jongwutiwes

Internal Medicine


420 Delaware St SE
Minneapolis, MN 55455









Dr. Ahmad Malli

Internal Medicine


420 Delaware St SE
Minneapolis, MN 55455









Dr. Patrick Hagen

Internal Medicine


420 Delaware St SE
Minneapolis, MN 55455









Dr. Bjorn Batdorf

Internal Medicine


420 Delaware St SE
Minneapolis, MN 55455









Dr. Wobo Bekwelem

Internal Medicine


420 Delaware St SE
Minneapolis, MN 55455











































 


   R. Hanson | ION Geophysical Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










R. Brian Hanson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















R. Brian Hanson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at ION Geophysical Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you R. Brian Hanson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view R. Brian Hanson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in R. Brian Hanson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in R. Brian Hanson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with R. Brian Hanson through your network of contacts.
												








R. Brian Hanson's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
ION Geophysical Corporation


Past
To view R. Brian Hanson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


R. Brian Hanson's Biography



Mr. Hanson, age 52, has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 1, 2012. He joined ION in May 2006 as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and was appointed our President and Chief Operating Officer in August 2011. Prior to joining ION, Mr. Hanson served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alliance Imaging, Inc., a NYSE-listed provider of diagnostic imaging services to hospitals and other healthcare providers, from July 2004 until November 2005. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Hanson held a variety of positions at Fisher Scientific International, Inc., a NYSE-listed manufacturer and s ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Hanson, age 52, has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 1, 2012. He joined ION in May 2006 as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and was appointed our President and Chief Operating Officer in August 2011. Prior to joining ION, Mr. Hanson served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alliance Imaging, Inc., a NYSE-listed provider of diagnostic imaging services to hospitals and other healthcare providers, from July 2004 until November 2005. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Hanson held a variety of positions at Fisher Scientific International, Inc., a NYSE-listed manufacturer and supplier of scientific and healthcare products and services, including Vice President Finance of the Healthcare group from 1998 to 2002 and Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2003. From 1986 until 1998, Mr. Hanson served in various positions with Culligan Water Conditioning, an international manufacturer of water treatment products and producer and retailer of bottled water products, most recently as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hanson received a Bachelor's degree in engineering from the University of New Brunswick and a Master of Business Administration degree from Concordia University in Montreal.           Mr. Hanson's day-to-day leadership and involvement with our Company provides him with personal knowledge regarding our operations. In addition, Mr. Hanson's financial experience and skills and technical background enable the Board to better understand and be informed with regard to our Company's operations, prospects and financial condition.
		
Source: ION Geophysical Corporation on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view R. Brian Hanson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like R. Brian Hanson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in R. Brian Hanson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in R. Brian Hanson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with R. Brian Hanson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: R. Brian Hanson


















R. Brian Hanson's Connections (49)





Sign up now to view R. Brian Hanson's 49 connections »









Christopher T. Usher
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, E&P Operations Optimization, ION Geophysical Corporation









Colin Hulme
Senior Vice President, Ocean Bottom Services, ION Geophysical Corporation









David L. Roland
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.









Gregory J. Heinlein
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Nuverra Environmental Solutions, Inc.









David H. Barr
Former Vice President, Baker Hughes Incorporated









Steven A. Bate
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, ION Geophysical Corporation









James M. Lapeyre
Chairman of the Board, ION Geophysical Corporation









Neil F. Dimick
Board Member, Alliance Healthcare Services, Inc.









Kenneth G. Williamson
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, E&P Technology and Services, ION Geophysical Corporation









Michael C. Jennings
Chairman of the Board, HollyFrontier Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 R. Brian Hanson Becomes CEO of ION Geophysical 
         










    










 






 











 









R. Brian Hanson Becomes CEO of ION Geophysical

Jan 03, 2012, 07:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   ION Geophysical Corporation 











 
















































 

 




















 




HOUSTON, Jan. 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ION Geophysical Corporation (NYSE:   IO) today announced that on January 1, 2012, R. Brian Hanson became the company's Chief Executive Officer, adding to the role of President he assumed in August when the company announced a planned leadership transition.  Mr. Hanson assumed the position of CEO previously held by Robert P. Peebler, who became ION's Executive Chairman on January 1, 2012.
Mr. Peebler commented, "I am pleased to turn over the day-to-day management of ION to Brian.  Since Brian joined the company in 2006 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the scope of his responsibilities has continually expanded, and he has been instrumental in the company's transformation from a provider of seismic equipment to a provider of integrated geophysical solutions to the global oil & gas industry.  I am confident that under Brian's leadership, ION will provide even greater value to ION's clients and shareholders."
Mr. Hanson concluded, "I would like to thank Bob for his leadership and guidance.  I am excited to lead the next chapter in ION's evolution and look forward to working closely with the ION Board of Directors and our management team to continue to deliver on our high-value strategy."
About ION
ION Geophysical Corporation is a leading provider of geophysical technology, services, and solutions for the global oil & gas industry. ION's offerings are designed to allow E&P operators to obtain higher resolution images of the subsurface to reduce the risk of exploration and reservoir development, and to enable seismic contractors to acquire geophysical data safely and efficiently. Additional information about ION is available at www.iongeo.com.
The information included herein contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may vary fundamentally from those described in these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements reflect numerous assumptions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include risk factors that are disclosed by ION from time to time in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contacts
ION (Investor relations)
Chief Financial Officer
Greg Heinlein, +1 281.781.1046
ION (Media relations)
Director - Corporate Marketing
Karen Abercrombie, +1 713.366.7281
karen.abercrombie@iongeo.com 
 SOURCE  ION Geophysical Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.iongeo.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Feb 13, 2012, 07:00 ET
Preview: ION Expands BrasilSPAN Regional Seismic Program













Dec 19, 2011, 16:15 ET
Preview: ION Completes Seismic Data Acquisition in the Marcellus Shale






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 12, 2017, 02:00 ET
ION receives continued listing standards notice from the New York...








Jun 12, 2017, 02:00 ET
ION expands West African 2D data library with new acquisition...








Jun 12, 2017, 02:00 ET
ION and PGS renew fleet-wide agreement for Orca command and...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

R. Brian Hanson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 3:08 AM ET
Energy Equipment and Services

Company Overview of ION Geophysical Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
R. Brian Hanson  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, ION Geophysical CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships52$1,813,667As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. R. Brian Hanson has been the Chief Executive Officer of ION Geophysical Corporation  since January 1, 2012 and has been its President since August 2, 2011. Mr. Hanson served as Chief Operating Officer of ION Geophysical Corporation since August 02, 2011. Mr. Hanson served as Chief Financial Officer of ION Geophysical Corporation from May 22, 2006 to November 28, 2011. Mr. Hanson served as Executive Vice President of ION Geophysical from May 22, 2006 to August 2, ... 2011. Prior to joining ION in May 2006, he served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alliance Imaging Inc. from July 26, 2004 to November 2005. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Culligan Water Conditioning. From 1998 to 2003, he held a variety of positions at Fisher Scientific International, Inc., and served as Vice President, Finance of the Healthcare group from 1998 to 2002, Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2003, chief financial officer of the Healthcare Division and also Interim President of Fisher Scientific Healthcare Group. From 1986 to 1998, he served in various positions with Culligan Water Conditioning, an international manufacturer of water treatment products and producer and retailer of bottled water products. He served at Culligan Water Technologies for 12 years as Vice President of Finance, as well as the General Manager of its several geographic regions. Mr. Hanson has been Directoer of ION Geophysical Corporation since January 1, 2012. He serves as a Director of Colibrys S.A. Mr. Hanson received a Bachelor's degree in Engineering from the University of New Brunswick and a Master of Business Administration degree from Concordia University in Montreal.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2105 CityWest BoulevardHouston, Texas 77042United StatesPhone: 281-933-3339Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorColibrys Switzerland LtdPresident and DirectorION Exploration Products (U.S.A.), Inc.2012-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorION Geophysical Corporation
Education
BE University Of New Brunswick, FrederictonMBA Concordia University
Other Affiliations
Colibrys Switzerland LtdAlliance Healthcare Services, Inc.University Of New Brunswick, FrederictonConcordia UniversityION Exploration Products (U.S.A.), Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$540,000Total Annual Compensation$540,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$341,900All Other Compensation$7,950Exercisable Options$47,728Unexercisable Options$468,249Unexercisable Options Value$1,160,000Total Value of Options$1,160,000Total Number of Options$515,977
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,267,950Total Short Term Compensation$540,000Other Long Term Compensation$349,850Total Calculated Compensation$1,813,667




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationStephen C. Jumper Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentDawson Geophysical Company$361.2KTodd M. Hornbeck Co-founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentHornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.$637.5KChristophe  Debouvry Chief Executive OfficerSeaBird Exploration PLC--Duncan  Eley Chief Executive OfficerPolarcus Limited$313.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ION Geophysical Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Find a Doctor, Symptom Checker, Conditions, Medications, Procedures and Hospitals - iTriageHealth.com































































Dr. Brian Hanson, DDS - Grand Junction, CO - Dentistry | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. Brian Hanson, DDS(2)Login MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Brian Hanson, DDSSaveDentistry  | Male(2) Leave a Review1300 N 7th St Grand Junction,  CO 81501 Get Directions View Insurance Accepted  Suggest an editDr. Brian Hanson, DDS is a dentist who practices in Grand Junction, CO.ADVERTISEMENT






 




Looking for a Dentistry Practitioner?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. Julie Gillis, DDSDentistry(173)View More Providers Like ThisLearn about this dentistDr. Hanson's Experience1Practice AreasFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.0Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.0Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient Satisfaction2responsesLikelihood of recommending Dr. Hanson to family and friends is 5 out of 5Have you seen Dr. Hanson?Leave a ReviewVisiting Dr. HansonDr. Hanson accepts 1 insurance carrierView all insurance carriersPARKWAY DENTAL1300 N 7th StGrand Junction, CO 81501(970) 208-8046Get DirectionsDr. Hanson's ReviewsLikelihood of recommending Dr. Hanson to family and friends5.0 based on 2 total reviews (1 with a comment)Leave a reviewDr. Hanson's PerformanceTrustworthinessEXCELLENTExplains condition(s) wellEXCELLENTAnswers QuestionsEXCELLENTTime well spentEXCELLENTOffice & Staff PerformanceSchedulingEXCELLENTOffice environmentEXCELLENTStaff friendlinessEXCELLENTAverage wait time 10 to 15 minutesPatient Comments (1)55-Helen S in Grand Junction, CO | Jul 26, 2016Dr Hanson is kind and thorough. His practice offers great service and excellent prices. He is genuinely interested in his patients. He has helped both my husband and me by offering affordable dental care. His qualifications are excellent. Have you seen Dr. Brian Hanson, DDS?Leave a Review.Are you Dr. Hanson?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Post your responseLooking for a Dentistry Practitioner?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. Julie Gillis, DDSDentistry(173)View More Providers Like ThisCompare Dr. HansonCompare this DentistView other dentists with similar experience to find the right dentist for you.Dr. Julie Gillis, DDSDentistry1190 Bookcliff Ave Unit 201Grand Junction, CO 81501Patient Satisfaction(173)Dr. David Larsen, DMDDentistry1655 N 1st StGrand Junction, CO 81501Patient Satisfaction(30)Dr. Nadine Hutchins, DDSFamily Dentistry2352 N 7th St Ste 4Grand Junction, CO 81501Patient Satisfaction(12)Dr. Laurie Stein, DDSDentistry790 Wellington AveGrand Junction, CO 81501Patient Satisfaction(5)Dr. Derek Dean, DDSDentistry2552 Patterson RdGrand Junction, CO 81505Patient Satisfaction(1)Distance1.4  miles awayDr. John Poovey, DMDDentistry2412 Patterson Rd Ste 7Grand Junction, CO 81505Patient Satisfaction(21)Distance2.6  miles awayDr. Ronald Taylor, DDSDentistry132 Walnut AveGrand Junction, CO 81501Patient SatisfactionDr. Derek Lowe, DMDDentistry2525 N 8th St Ste 102Grand Junction, CO 81501Patient Satisfaction(7)Dr. Stephen Kelly, DDSDentistry2530 N 8th St Ste 103Grand Junction, CO 81501Patient Satisfaction(8)Dr. Michael Gadeken, DDSDentistry2733 Crossroads BlvdGrand Junction, CO 81506Patient Satisfaction(2)Distance2.7  miles awayView all 10 matchesSee all general dentists in Grand Junction, CO×Dr. Hanson's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Specializes in Dentistry No malpractice claims found No sanctions found Board actions found×Background Check 0 Malpractice ClaimsNo malpractice history found for Colorado.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.1Board ActionDr. Hanson has 1 board actionMore  What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Unprofessional Conduct (6/18/2014)Action Taken: EducationSummary: Please reference the following DocumentDocumentation: Download here (PDF)State: ColoradoLess Conditions TreatedDr. Hanson does not have any conditions listed. If you are Dr. Hanson and would like to add conditions you treat, please update your free profile.Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Hanson does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Hanson and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesDentistryProcedures PerformedDr. Hanson does not have any procedures listed. If you are Dr. Hanson and would like to add procedures you perform, please update your free profile.


























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







