






US Mutual Funds













Close



I Agree 





















US Mutual Funds







Harding Loevner


Products


US Mutual Funds




















Access our investment strategies through mutual funds










Global Equity Portfolio














International Equity Portfolio














International Small Companies Portfolio














Emerging Markets Portfolio














Frontier Emerging Markets Portfolio


























GLOBAL EQUITY RESEARCH PORTFOLIO














International Equity Research Portfolio














EMERGING MARKETS RESEARCH PORTFOLIO









  
   














Invest through your broker or adviser,or invest directly



























Investment Documents





2016 Annual Distributions




















Annual Report — October 31, 2016
for all Harding Loevner Funds




Semi-Annual Report — April 30, 2017
for all Harding Loevner Funds




Prospectus
for Institutional Investors




Prospectus
for Institutional Class Z Investors




Prospectus
for Individual Investors




Statement of Additional Information
for all Harding Loevner Funds




XBRL - February 28, 2017
for all Harding Loevner Funds




XBRL - April 28, 2017
for Global Equity and International Equity Institutional Class Z





 Other Important Information





Privacy Policy Statement





Procedures for Disclosures of Proxy Voting





Report of Proxy Voting Record















The content of this web site is intended for information purposes only. No portion of the content should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. in any jurisdiction where the solicitation or offer would be deemed unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.
The Portfolio's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses must be read and considered carefully before investing. The Prospectus contains this and other important information about the investment company. It may be obtained through this website in the Investment Documents section on this page, or a free hard-copy version is available by calling (toll free) (877) 435-8105. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Mutual Fund investing involves risk. Principal loss is possible. 
The Harding Loevner Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.






You are using an old version of Internet Explorer. It may not display all features of this website. For the best experience, please update your browser.

NOTICE TO PERSONS IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND
The information on this website is issued by Trust Company (RE Services) Limited (ABN 45 003 278 831; AFSL 235150) as Responsible Entity of, and issuer of units in, the Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Equity Fund ARSN 604 215 296 (“Fund”), and approved by Harding Loevner LP (“Harding Loevner”), as the Investment Manager of the Fund. Harding Loevner is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients, and is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients, in Australia. Harding Loevner is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America under US laws, which differ from Australian laws.
The information on this website is provided for general information purposes only, and is not investment advice or research, nor is it to be construed as solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product . Accordingly, reliance should not be placed on this website as the basis for making an investment or other decision. A product disclosure statement (PDS) issued by the Responsible Entity is available for the Fund. You should obtain and consider the PDS, and related materials, and consult your professional advisers before making any investment decision.
Statements of fact on this website have been obtained from and are based upon sources that the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner believe to be reliable. Neither the Responsible Entity nor Harding Loevner gives any representation or warranty as to the reliability or accuracy of the information contained on this website. All opinions and estimates included on this website constitute judgements of the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner as at the date of this website and are subject to change without notice.
I am an Australian wholesale client or a New Zealand eligible investor and agree to the terms above and wish to proceed.

Click "Continue" to visit the general pages of the adviser to the Funds, Harding Loevner LP.
Click "Continue" to visit the pages for Harding Loevner Funds, Inc., a family of mutual funds for US investors.

Harding Loevner is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or timeliness and does not make any warranties, expressed or implied, with regard to the information obtained from other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and for navigational purposes only. They should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. It should not be assumed that investment in the securities identified has been or will be profitable.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed.


Terms & Conditions
Please confirm that you have read and understand the following terms of use of this website.
You are about to access the pages of Harding Loevner Funds plc, an Irish umbrella type open-ended investment company (the "Company"), which contains information about the Company and its sub-funds (each a "Fund"). These pages are for informational purposes only. It is not investment advice, nor is it intended to be relied on as a forecast or research and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell shares in any Fund. Access to and the information contained in these pages are restricted to persons who are residents of jurisdictions in which the distribution of the information herein is permitted. Please consult your professional advisers if you have questions about a particular investment or are unsure of the laws and regulations applicable to you.
Investment in any Fund may only be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant offering documents, and subject to the laws and regulations applicable in which the offering documents are distributed. Please further note that not all Funds are available for distribution in all or the same jurisdictions. No information regarding the offering of shares of the Funds is intended for, nor will offers or sales of such shares generally be made to, residents of the United States of America, its territories or possessions. In particular, neither the Funds nor any shares are or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or otherwise in the U.S. and may not, except in a transaction which does not violate U.S. securities laws, be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the U.S. or to any U.S. persons.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed to these pages.

















Harding Loevner













Close



I Agree 




























BEING GOOD INVESTORS MAY NOT BE IN OUR HUMAN NATURE,
THAT’S WHY IT’S IN OUR PROCESS.
Harding Loevner has been investing in high-quality, growing businesses worldwide based on disciplined industry research and analysis since 1989.



    
























About Us






                                    OUR PHILOSOPHY
                                

Invest globally in sustainably growing businesses  




                                    OUR PROCESS
                                

A recipe for better human decision-making 




                                    OUR PEOPLE
                                

Clear thinking from many viewpoints




Learn what makes us different



  
   
  


















All strategies from one investment philosophy
 Review our strategies
















GLOBAL EQUITY














INTERNATIONAL EQUITY














INTERNATIONAL SMALL COMPANIES EQUITY














EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY














FRONTIER EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY




















GLOBAL EQUITY RESEARCH














INTERNATIONAL EQUITY RESEARCH














EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH






  
Find Current Reports in our Library




Recent Thinking







                                Global Equity
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




The emphasis on quality, commercialized through the creation of "quality indexes" as benchmarks for passive money, has meant increasingly persistent and decreasingly price-sensitive demand for the stocks of high-quality companies. Our portfolio response has been to redouble our attention to the other two legs of our philosophical stool: growth and price.







                                International Small Companies
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




Whether markets at any moment provide a headwind or a tailwind to our approach does not influence our commitment to identifying high-quality, durable-growth companies through fundamental, bottom-up research. As implemented through our consistent investment process, our investment philosophy and valuation discipline help us navigate through changing style regimes.







                                Frontier Emerging Markets
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




As fundamental investors, we assemble our portfolio from the bottom up by selecting individual companies that meet our criteria across the entire FEM universe, including off-benchmark countries. Our primary objective is to own financially strong, high-quality, long-duration growth businesses that are run by experienced managers whose interests are aligned with ours as shareholders.





































Many ways to invest: products for institutions and individuals
 Review our products


   
MUTUAL FUNDSfor US institutions and individuals
SEPARATELY MANAGED ACCOUNTSfor large institutions
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT TRUSTSfor US retirement plans
UCITS FUNDSfor non-US investors
UNIT TRUSTSfor Australian investors



   






You are using an old version of Internet Explorer. It may not display all features of this website. For the best experience, please update your browser.

NOTICE TO PERSONS IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND
The information on this website is issued by Trust Company (RE Services) Limited (ABN 45 003 278 831; AFSL 235150) as Responsible Entity of, and issuer of units in, the Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Equity Fund ARSN 604 215 296 (“Fund”), and approved by Harding Loevner LP (“Harding Loevner”), as the Investment Manager of the Fund. Harding Loevner is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients, and is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients, in Australia. Harding Loevner is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America under US laws, which differ from Australian laws.
The information on this website is provided for general information purposes only, and is not investment advice or research, nor is it to be construed as solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product . Accordingly, reliance should not be placed on this website as the basis for making an investment or other decision. A product disclosure statement (PDS) issued by the Responsible Entity is available for the Fund. You should obtain and consider the PDS, and related materials, and consult your professional advisers before making any investment decision.
Statements of fact on this website have been obtained from and are based upon sources that the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner believe to be reliable. Neither the Responsible Entity nor Harding Loevner gives any representation or warranty as to the reliability or accuracy of the information contained on this website. All opinions and estimates included on this website constitute judgements of the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner as at the date of this website and are subject to change without notice.
I am an Australian wholesale client or a New Zealand eligible investor and agree to the terms above and wish to proceed.

Click "Continue" to visit the general pages of the adviser to the Funds, Harding Loevner LP.
Click "Continue" to visit the pages for Harding Loevner Funds, Inc., a family of mutual funds for US investors.

Harding Loevner is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or timeliness and does not make any warranties, expressed or implied, with regard to the information obtained from other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and for navigational purposes only. They should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. It should not be assumed that investment in the securities identified has been or will be profitable.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed.


Terms & Conditions
Please confirm that you have read and understand the following terms of use of this website.
You are about to access the pages of Harding Loevner Funds plc, an Irish umbrella type open-ended investment company (the "Company"), which contains information about the Company and its sub-funds (each a "Fund"). These pages are for informational purposes only. It is not investment advice, nor is it intended to be relied on as a forecast or research and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell shares in any Fund. Access to and the information contained in these pages are restricted to persons who are residents of jurisdictions in which the distribution of the information herein is permitted. Please consult your professional advisers if you have questions about a particular investment or are unsure of the laws and regulations applicable to you.
Investment in any Fund may only be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant offering documents, and subject to the laws and regulations applicable in which the offering documents are distributed. Please further note that not all Funds are available for distribution in all or the same jurisdictions. No information regarding the offering of shares of the Funds is intended for, nor will offers or sales of such shares generally be made to, residents of the United States of America, its territories or possessions. In particular, neither the Funds nor any shares are or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or otherwise in the U.S. and may not, except in a transaction which does not violate U.S. securities laws, be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the U.S. or to any U.S. persons.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed to these pages.













Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 1:15 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Harding Loevner LP. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all market capitalization. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as volatility and companies that are well managed, financially sound, fast growing, and strongly competitive to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio ag...
Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Harding Loevner LP. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all market capitalization. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as volatility and companies that are well managed, financially sound, fast growing, and strongly competitive to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI All Country World (net) Index. The fund conducts proprietary research to make its investments. Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio was formed on December 1, 1996 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


400 Crossing BoulevardFourth FloorBridgewater, NJ 08807United StatesFounded in 1996



Phone: 908-218-7900

Fax: 908-218-1915

www.hardingloevner.com/products/us-mutual-funds/global-equity-portfolio/







Key Executives for Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio




Mr. Peter J. Baughan CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Ferrill D. Roll


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Christopher Mack CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Richard A. Schmidt CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio, please visit www.hardingloevner.com/products/us-mutual-funds/global-equity-portfolio/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 1:15 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Harding Loevner LP. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe, excluding the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and value stocks of companies across all capitalizations. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with bottom up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as volatility and companies that are well managed, financially sound, fast growing, and strongly competitive to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the...
Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Harding Loevner LP. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe, excluding the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and value stocks of companies across all capitalizations. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with bottom up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as volatility and companies that are well managed, financially sound, fast growing, and strongly competitive to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. (net) Index. The fund conducts proprietary research to make its investments. Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio was formed on December 31, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


400 Crossing BoulevardFourth FloorBridgewater, NJ 08807United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 908-218-7900

Fax: 908-218-1915

www.hardingloevner.com/products/us-mutual-funds/international-equity-portfolio/







Key Executives for Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio




Mr. David Richard Loevner CFA


      	Chairman and President
      








Mr. Richard T. Reiter


      	Chief Operating Officer, Vice President, and Partner
      








Ms. Susan C. Mosher


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Officer
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Rainer L.C. Frost


      	Secretary
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Brian C. Poole


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 46
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio, please visit www.hardingloevner.com/products/us-mutual-funds/international-equity-portfolio/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc.                                                                                             - Bridgewater                                       , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Bridgewater



Management Investment, Open-End



Money Market Mutual Funds



                            Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc.
                                    



 





















H 


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc.                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



400 CROSSING BLVD FL 4 BRIDGEWATER, NJ 08807
Get Directions



(908) 218-7900
www.hardingloevner.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $210,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Money Market Mutual Funds
 Contacts Craig Shaw                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc.                                                                                             has been providing Money Market Mutual Funds from Bridgewater. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















AMG Funds: Harding Loevner International Equity Portfolio - Fund Analytics




































 



For IndividualsFor Professionals




Login
Account Access
About AMG Funds
Careers



 





Funds

Mutual Funds
Aston Integration
Pricing & Performance
Morningstar Rated Funds
SEC Yields (PDF)
Monthly Dividends (PDF)
AMG Funds Income & Capital Gains Distributions
Distribution Calendar
Alternative Investments


Resources & Analytics

Fund Analytics
Product Literature
Prospectus & Reports
Applications & Forms
2016 Tax Guide (PDF)
Index Definitions
Glossary of Terms


Planning & Insight

Success Should Not Be Cyclical
Readiness Building Blocks
Wealth Management Trends in America
ActiveEdge Series


Separate Accounts
ManagersChoice

Overview
Latest News
Tools & Resources
Forms & Applications
Advisor User Guide (PDF)
Contact Us For Service


Services

National Accounts & Retirement


Research

2017 Market Outlook 
2016 Election
Impact of Brexit
AMG Funds Research
Fund Adviser Research
Video Gallery


Contact Us

BD Team
Independent BD/RIA Team
Shareholder Contact
Media Contact


 

Mutual Funds
Aston Integration
Pricing & Performance
Morningstar Rated Funds
SEC Yields (PDF)
Monthly Dividends (PDF)
AMG Funds Income & Capital Gains Distributions
Distribution Calendar
Alternative Investments





Harding Loevner International Equity Portfolio




Overview
Performance & Risk
Research / Fund News
Fund Analytics












Find a Fund





Amundi Intermediate Government Fund*
Amundi Short Duration Government Fund*
Brandywine Advisors Mid Cap Growth Fund
Brandywine Blue Fund
Brandywine Fund
Cadence Capital Appreciation Fund
Cadence Emerging Companies Fund
Cadence Mid Cap Fund
CenterSquare Real Estate Fund*
Chicago Equity Partners Balanced Fund
Chicago Equity Partners Small Cap Value Fund
DoubleLine Core Plus Bond Fund*
Emerging Opportunities Fund
Essex Small/Micro Cap Growth Fund
Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund*
Fairpointe Mid Cap Fund*
FQ Global Risk-Balanced Fund
FQ Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Fund
FQ U.S. Equity Fund
Frontier Small Cap Growth Fund
Global Income Opportunity Fund
Guardian Capital Global Dividend Fund*
GW&K Core Bond Fund
GW&K Enhanced Core Bond Fund
GW&K Municipal Bond Fund
GW&K Municipal Enhanced Yield Fund
GW&K Small Cap Core Fund
GW&K Small/Mid Cap Fund*
GW&K U.S. Small Cap Growth Fund*
Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Portfolio
Harding Loevner Frontier Emerging Markets Portfolio
Harding Loevner Global Equity Portfolio
Harding Loevner Institutional Emerging Markets Portfolio
Harding Loevner International Equity Portfolio
Harding Loevner International Small Companies Portfolio
High Yield Fund
Lake Partners LASSO Alternatives Fund*
LMCG Small Cap Growth Fund*
Loomis Sayles Bond Fund*
Montag & Caldwell Balanced Fund*
Montag & Caldwell Growth Fund*
Montag & Caldwell Mid Cap Growth Fund*
Pictet International Fund*
Renaissance International Equity Fund
Renaissance Large Cap Growth Fund
River Road Dividend All Cap Value Fund II*
River Road Dividend All Cap Value Fund*
River Road Focused Absolute Value Fund*
River Road Long-Short Fund*
River Road Small Cap Value Fund*
River Road Small-Mid Cap Value Fund*
Silvercrest Small Cap Fund*
Skyline Special Equities Fund
SouthernSun Global Opportunities Fund
SouthernSun Small Cap Fund
SouthernSun U.S. Equity Fund
Special Equity Fund
Systematic Large Cap Value Fund
Systematic Mid Cap Value Fund
TimesSquare All Cap Growth Fund
TimesSquare Emerging Markets Small Cap Fund
TimesSquare International Small Cap Fund
TimesSquare Mid Cap Growth Fund
TimesSquare Small Cap Growth Fund
Trilogy Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Trilogy Emerging Wealth Equity Fund
Trilogy Global Equity Fund
Trilogy International Small Cap Fund
Value Partners Asia Dividend*
Yacktman Focused Fund
Yacktman Focused Fund – Security Selection Only
Yacktman Fund
Yacktman Special Opportunities Fund








Downloadable Documents





Fund Information

Fact Sheet - 2nd Qtr
Commentary - 1st Qtr
Product Profile
Presentation
Holdings

Prospectus & Reports

Prospectus
Semi-Annual Report
Annual Report
Statement of Additional Information
XBRL Risk/Return









Daily Pricing 07/21/2017





Investor
NAV: 
$21.32

NAV $ Change: 
$-0.06

NAV % Change: 
-0.28%

YTD Return (as of 06/30/2017)

- at NAV 
17.00%







The performance shown represents past performance and is not a guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. The investment return and the principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. From time to time, the advisor has waived fees or reimbursed expenses, which may have resulted in higher returns. The listed returns and yields of the Fund are net of expenses, and the returns and yields of the indices exclude expenses.Unlike the Fund, the Index listed is unmanaged, is not available for investment and does not incur expenses. 









Print this chart | Print all charts


Fund Analytics Charts





Top Ten





Top Ten
Weighting by Range
Allocation
Characteristics and Stats



Pick a Chart




Top 10 Holdings



Fund Holdings
Fund 03/31/2017
MSCI ACWI ex USA
Index 03/31/2017








Dassault Systemes SA
3.96%
Nestle S.A.
1.28%


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd GDR
3.87%
Royal Dutch Shell Plc
1.16%


Nestle SA ADR
3.56%
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
1.10%


AIA Group Ltd
3.51%
Roche Holding AG
0.96%


Bayer AG
3.51%
Novartis AG
0.89%


Allianz SE
3.34%
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
0.87%


Roche Holding AG
3.24%
HSBC Holdings plc
0.86%


Fanuc Ltd
3.18%
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
0.82%


Royal Dutch Shell
3.02%
Toyota Motor Corp.
0.76%


WPP PLC
2.89%
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
0.66%


% in Top 10 Holdings
34.08%

9.36%




Top 10 Industries
Quarter Ending: 03/31/2017



Fund
MSCI ACWI ex USA







Banks
10.97%
14.72%


Software
8.49%
1.16%


Pharmaceuticals
7.58%
5.82%


Machinery
7.04%
1.99%


Insurance
6.85%
5.18%


Chemicals
6.58%
3.53%


Media
6.09%
1.49%


Personal Products
4.07%
1.50%


Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals
3.87%
1.82%


Food Products
3.56%
2.61%


% in Top 10 Industries
65.1%
39.82%




10 Best Performing Stocks **
Quarter Ending: 03/31/2017



Avg Weight
Total Return







Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
3.69%
22.37%


Fanuc Corporation
3.09%
21.35%


Dassault Systemes SA
3.82%
13.61%


Roche Holding AG
3.22%
15.24%


CSL Limited
1.54%
32.39%


AIA Group Limited
3.58%
11.75%


Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
2.65%
16.06%


Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
2.10%
21.55%


Naspers Limited
2.36%
17.58%


Allianz SE
3.27%
12.11%




10 Worst Performing Stocks **
Quarter Ending: 03/31/2017



Avg Weight
Total Return







Royal Dutch Shell Plc
3.21%
-4.52%


Schlumberger N.V. (Schlumberger Limited)
2.29%
-6.40%


WPP Plc
3.09%
-2.43%


Mitsubishi Estate Company, Limited
0.89%
-8.35%


Tenaris S.A.
1.07%
-4.40%


Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft
1.71%
-2.34%


Park24 Co., Ltd.
1.09%
-3.82%


JGC Corp.
1.08%
-3.22%


M3, Inc.
2.21%
-1.49%


Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA
1.46%
-0.41%



** The 10 Best and Worst Performing Stocks are determined based on the stock’s contribution to the Fund’s return during the specified quarter.
Disclosure
Investors should carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. For this and other information, please call 800.835.3879 or download a free prospectus. Read it carefully before investing or sending money.
Portfolio holdings and characteristics are subject to change at any time.
Click here to view Index Definitions. Unlike the Fund, indicies are unmanaged, not available for investment and do not incur expenses.
Click here to view the Glossary of Terms
MPT Stats: Click here to view definitions for the MPT Stats table. 
Top Ten Holdings: Mention of a specific security should not be considered a recommendation to buy or solicitation to sell that security.
Future Holdings Risk: Any sectors, industries or securities discussed should not be perceived as investment recommendations. The views expressed represent the opinions of Harding Loevner  and are not intended as a forecast or guarantee of future results. Any securities discussed may no longer be held in an account’s portfolio. Both current and future portfolio holdings are subject to risk.  It should not be assumed that any of the securities transactions discussed were or will prove to be profitable, or that the investment recommendations we make in the future will be profitable.
Data Sources: BoNY, Factset and BondEdge
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Harding Loevner Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.  AMG Distributors, Inc. provides support on a wholesale basis related to making the Harding Loevner Funds available through various intermediaries.  Quasar Distributors, LLC is not affiliated with AMG Funds LLC or AMG Distributors, Inc.











Funds are distributed by AMG Distributors, Inc., a member of FINRA/SIPC.
Check the background of an investment professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
    

Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy
Email the Webmaster

© 2017 AMG Funds LLC. All rights reserved.



Funds are distributed by AMG Distributors, Inc., a member of FINRA/SIPC.
Check the background of an investment professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
    

Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy
Email the Webmaster

© 2017 AMG Funds LLC. All rights reserved.





You are now leaving the AMG Funds web site:
The link you have selected is located on another web site. Please click OK below to leave the AMG Funds site and proceed to the selected site. AMG Funds does not endorse this web site, its sponsor, or any of the policies, activities, products or services offered on the site, or by any advertiser on the site. AMG Funds has no control of the content or data shown on this site, and while AMG Funds has no reason to doubt the reliability of the data shown, its accuracy is not guaranteed. Furthermore, AMG Funds takes no responsibility for the accuracy or factual correctness of any information posted to third party web sites.
Thank you for your interest in AMG Funds.


Cancel
            Go back to AMG Funds site.
        

Ok
            Leave AMG Funds site.
        






Investment Professional Access

User ID:
Password:



Remember me on this computer.

LOGIN


Register Now
Forgot UserID or Password?





Account Access


Mutual Funds Shareholder
ManagersChoice









	Harding Loevner LP




























AMG - Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.



Go






Home
News
USA

Websites:AsiaAustraliaCanadaEuropeMiddle EastUSA





About AMGAMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement TeamProductsProducts OverviewClient TypesNew InvestmentsPartnership ApproachWhy Partnership WorksInvestment StructureInvestor RelationsInvestor OverviewPublic Filings & Other Financial InformationPress ReleasesAnnual ReportAnalyst CoverageShareholder InformationStock InformationCorporate GovernanceManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestor PresentationContact Us






About AMG 


AMG OverviewPhilosophyHistoryClientsProductsAMG FundsAMG Wealth PartnersAffiliatesManagement Team





Back to AMG AffiliatesHarding Loevner LPInvestment DisciplineHarding Loevner manages global and non-US equity portfolios following a consistent philosophy focused on long-term investment in growing companies with high-quality fundamentals. The firm invests only in businesses that are skillfully managed, financially strong, benefit from competitive advantages in their industries, and are well positioned for sustainable growth. Portfolio holdings are researched and valued by a team of analysts using a disciplined process that combines in-depth study of individual companies and global analysis of their industries’ competitive structures. Harding Loevner believes well-diversified portfolios of the stocks of companies meeting its quality-growth criteria, purchased at reasonable prices, offer superior risk-adjusted returns over the long term.The FirmFounded in 1989, Harding Loevner offers six primary investment strategies: Global Equity, International Equity, International Equity Research, International Small Companies Equity, Emerging Markets Equity, and Frontier Emerging Markets Equity. They are available through a variety of investment vehicles: separate accounts; US-based Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc.; Collective Investment Trusts; Ireland-based Harding Loevner Funds plc; and Australian Unit Trusts. A number of leading sponsored wealth management programs also offer the firm’s strategies. Harding Loevner serves a diverse global client base that includes foundations, endowments, pension plans, private family offices, and individuals.Contact Information400 Crossing Boulevard,  4th FloorBridgewater, New Jersey 08807+1 (908)  218-7900www.hardingloevner.com




Site MapContact UsLegal Information



	© 2017 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.














HLMIX Profile | Harding Loevner Fund, Inc. Inte Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Harding Loevner International Eq Instl (HLMIX)Nasdaq - Nasdaq Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist21.38-0.07 (-0.33%)At close:  8:00PM EDTPeople also watchLISIXABEYXSEMNXEMBIXDDVIXSummaryConversationsProfileHoldingsHistorical DataPerformanceRiskPurchase infoHarding Loevner International Eq InstlHarding, Loevner Funds, Inc. c/o The Northern TrusP.O. Box 4766Chicago, IL 60680-4766877-435-8105Management InformationAlexander  Walsh,Lead Manager since January 30, 2001Ferrill Roll est le gestionnaire principal des portefeuilles d'actions mondiales et cogestionnaire des portefeuilles d'actions internationales. Il est également membre de l'équipe danalystes et, à ce titre, responsable du suivi du secteur des services financiers. De plus, il est un des membres clés du comité de direction de la société. M. Roll a suivi le programme de baccalauréat ès arts (économie) de l'Université Stanford et il est analyste financier agréé (CFA).Morningstar Style BoxYahoo partners with Morningstar a leading market research and investment data group to help investors rate and compare funds on Yahoo Finance. The Morningstar Category is shown next to the Morningstar Style Box which identifies a fund's investment focus, based on the underlying securities in the fund.Morningstar CategoryWhile the investment objective stated in a fund's prospectus may or may not reflect how the fund actually invests, the Morningstar category is assigned based on the underlying securities in each portfolio. Morningstar categories help investors and investment professionals make meaningful comparisons between funds. The categories make it easier to build well-diversified portfolios, assess potential risk, and identify top-performing funds. We place funds in a given category based on their portfolio statistics and compositions over the past three years. If the fund is new and has no portfolio history, we estimate where it will fall before giving it a more permanent category assignment. When necessary, we may change a category assignment based on recent changes to the portfolio.Fund OverviewCategoryForeign Large GrowthFund FamilyHarding LoevnerNet Assets9.9BYTD Return17.27%Yield0.84%Morningstar Rating★★★★Inception DateMay 10, 1994Fund OperationsLast Dividend0.18Last Cap Gain0.00Holdings Turnover22.00%Average for CategoryN/AFees & ExpensesExpenseHLMIXCategory AverageAnnual Report Expense Ratio (net)0.84%1.21%Prospectus Net Expense Ratio0.83%N/AProspectus Gross Expense Ratio0.83%N/AMax 12b1 FeeN/AN/AMax Front End Sales LoadN/A5.21%Max Deferred Sales LoadN/A1.95%3 Yr Expense Projection265N/A5 Yr Expense Projection460N/A10 Yr Expense Projection1,025N/AYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)
















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Get Stash | Stash InvestStash InvestContactGet StashInvesting,simplified.Get started today with just $5 and learn as you go.Get StashWatch demoStart investing with as little as $5Choose from 30 investment themes chosen by our investment teamSimple tips and guidance to help you become a smarter investorSet up automatic investments using Auto-Stash    CloseStart small. Think big.Start investing with as little as $5. Set a recurring investment schedule to grow your Stash over time.Build your own portfolio.Choose from 30+ investment themes that reflect your unique interests, beliefs, and goals.Learn to invest with confidence.We’ve created a customized learning experience to help you along the way.First month free.$1/mo subscriptionAccounts over $5,000 pay 0.25%/year.That’s $12.50/year on a $5,000 account.FREEfor the first month$1$1/month subscription on accounts under $5,0000.25%0.25%/year on accounts over $5,000. That’s $12.50/year on a $5,000 accountQuestions? Here to helpWe’ll be there every step of the way. Need more info? Visit our FAQs. What is the price?We charge a monthly fee of $1, with no commissions or surprises. All new investors get their first month free. Once your account reaches $5,000, we switch to 0.25% of your account per year.* (that’s $12.50 a year for a $5,000 portfolio)  How does Stash work?Stash is an SEC registered investment adviser. When you sign up for a Stash account you get access to over 30 different investment options and personalized guidance. To make an investment, you’ll need to connect a checking account. All it takes is $5 to make your first investment. We let you buy fractional shares so you can invest what you can afford. That’s it – sign up, customize your portfolio, and boom, you’re an investor. Learn more about Stash. Why should I start investing now?The sooner you start investing, the greater your chance of benefiting from compound returns. It’s the reason you might not want to put off investing any longer, because it takes time to experience the effect. Here’s why... Let's say you invested $20 a week. After 20 years, your $20,800 investment would be worth over $34,000. (Assuming a 5% compound annual return)Why do you need my Social Security number?The Patriot Act requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person opening an account. We also require your Social Security number to issue you a tax reporting form at the end of the year. Your Social Security number is only used to verify your identity. Stash does not perform a credit check.Is the money invested in my Stash Account protected?Your investments with Stash are protected by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). All holdings and cash are held at APEX Clearing Corp. For more information on SIPC insurance, please visit www.sipc.org.




harding loevner funds inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










mutual fund research | eoddata.com



Ad
 ·
www.eoddata.com



Quality stock quote data and history in a range of formats





Products & Services



FAQ's




How To



About Us





Investment Funds Information - Search for Investment Funds



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​investment/​funds



Find Investment Funds Results on Alothome.com. Browse Investment Funds Listings.




Searches related toharding loevner funds inc



harding loevner wiki


harding loevner international equity


harding loevner prospectus



harding loevner emerging markets advi...


harding loevner instl emerging markets


laurie loevner




Web Results

US Mutual Funds - Harding Loevner

www.hardingloevner.com/products/us-mutual-funds


US Mutual Funds. Harding Loevner ... No portion of the content should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc ...



Emerging Markets Portfolio



Global Equity Portfolio



Harding Loevner

https://www.hardingloevner.com


Click "Continue" to visit the pages for Harding Loevner Funds, Inc., a family of mutual funds for US investors. Harding Loevner is not responsible for the content, ...


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - International Equity Portfolio company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Global Equity Portfolio company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. Emerging Markets Portfolio ...

www.nasdaq.com/symbol/hlemx


Stock quote for Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. Emerging Markets Portfolio Adv Cl (HLEMX) - Get real-time last sale and extended hours stock prices, company news, charts ...


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - Bridgewater , NJ - Company ...

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/hardingloevnerfundsinc...


Find the Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. business profile in Bridgewater ...


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. - SEC.gov | Home

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1018170/000119312514123801/...


Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 400 Crossing Boulevard, Fourth Floor ...


HLEMX Profile | Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. Em Stock ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/HLEMX/profile


See the company profile for Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. Em (HLEMX) including business summary, industry/sector information, number of employees, business summary ...


HLEMX : Summary for Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. Em ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/HLEMX


View the basic HLEMX stock chart on Yahoo Finance. Change the date range, chart type and compare Harding, Loevner Funds, Inc. Em against other companies.


HLEMX Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Advisor Fund HLEMX ...

www.morningstar.com/funds/XNAS/HLEMX/quote.html


Today's real-time HLEMX fund quote Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Advisor ticker symbol HLEMX price, snapshot, NAV, ratings, historical returns, news, risk measures ...










mutual fund research | eoddata.com



Ad
 ·
www.eoddata.com



Quality stock quote data and history in a range of formats





Products & Services



FAQ's




How To



About Us





Investment Funds Information - Search for Investment Funds



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​investment/​funds



Find Investment Funds Results on Alothome.com. Browse Investment Funds Listings.



Searches related toharding loevner funds inc



harding loevner wiki


harding loevner international equity


harding loevner prospectus



harding loevner emerging markets advi...


harding loevner instl emerging markets


laurie loevner




12345Next






Answers







Fuller Harding



Harding's father was instrumental in soliciting funds in the early 1900s to open Russell Creek Academy, which in 1906 became Campbellsville College,...

more






Ian Harding



the commencement address. He later went on to pursue the Acting/Music Theater program at Carnegie Mellon University. Harding has been working with the...

more






Harding University High School



Harry P. Harding University High School was established in 1992 as a Math, Science and Technology school in Charlotte, North Carolina. International...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network















Harding Loevner













Close



I Agree 




























BEING GOOD INVESTORS MAY NOT BE IN OUR HUMAN NATURE,
THAT’S WHY IT’S IN OUR PROCESS.
Harding Loevner has been investing in high-quality, growing businesses worldwide based on disciplined industry research and analysis since 1989.



    
























About Us






                                    OUR PHILOSOPHY
                                

Invest globally in sustainably growing businesses  




                                    OUR PROCESS
                                

A recipe for better human decision-making 




                                    OUR PEOPLE
                                

Clear thinking from many viewpoints




Learn what makes us different



  
   
  


















All strategies from one investment philosophy
 Review our strategies
















GLOBAL EQUITY














INTERNATIONAL EQUITY














INTERNATIONAL SMALL COMPANIES EQUITY














EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY














FRONTIER EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY




















GLOBAL EQUITY RESEARCH














INTERNATIONAL EQUITY RESEARCH














EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH






  
Find Current Reports in our Library




Recent Thinking







                                Global Equity
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




The emphasis on quality, commercialized through the creation of "quality indexes" as benchmarks for passive money, has meant increasingly persistent and decreasingly price-sensitive demand for the stocks of high-quality companies. Our portfolio response has been to redouble our attention to the other two legs of our philosophical stool: growth and price.







                                International Small Companies
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




Whether markets at any moment provide a headwind or a tailwind to our approach does not influence our commitment to identifying high-quality, durable-growth companies through fundamental, bottom-up research. As implemented through our consistent investment process, our investment philosophy and valuation discipline help us navigate through changing style regimes.







                                Frontier Emerging Markets
                            




Quarterly Report


Quarterly Webcast




As fundamental investors, we assemble our portfolio from the bottom up by selecting individual companies that meet our criteria across the entire FEM universe, including off-benchmark countries. Our primary objective is to own financially strong, high-quality, long-duration growth businesses that are run by experienced managers whose interests are aligned with ours as shareholders.





































Many ways to invest: products for institutions and individuals
 Review our products


   
MUTUAL FUNDSfor US institutions and individuals
SEPARATELY MANAGED ACCOUNTSfor large institutions
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT TRUSTSfor US retirement plans
UCITS FUNDSfor non-US investors
UNIT TRUSTSfor Australian investors



   






You are using an old version of Internet Explorer. It may not display all features of this website. For the best experience, please update your browser.

NOTICE TO PERSONS IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND
The information on this website is issued by Trust Company (RE Services) Limited (ABN 45 003 278 831; AFSL 235150) as Responsible Entity of, and issuer of units in, the Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Equity Fund ARSN 604 215 296 (“Fund”), and approved by Harding Loevner LP (“Harding Loevner”), as the Investment Manager of the Fund. Harding Loevner is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients, and is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients, in Australia. Harding Loevner is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America under US laws, which differ from Australian laws.
The information on this website is provided for general information purposes only, and is not investment advice or research, nor is it to be construed as solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product . Accordingly, reliance should not be placed on this website as the basis for making an investment or other decision. A product disclosure statement (PDS) issued by the Responsible Entity is available for the Fund. You should obtain and consider the PDS, and related materials, and consult your professional advisers before making any investment decision.
Statements of fact on this website have been obtained from and are based upon sources that the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner believe to be reliable. Neither the Responsible Entity nor Harding Loevner gives any representation or warranty as to the reliability or accuracy of the information contained on this website. All opinions and estimates included on this website constitute judgements of the Responsible Entity and Harding Loevner as at the date of this website and are subject to change without notice.
I am an Australian wholesale client or a New Zealand eligible investor and agree to the terms above and wish to proceed.

Click "Continue" to visit the general pages of the adviser to the Funds, Harding Loevner LP.
Click "Continue" to visit the pages for Harding Loevner Funds, Inc., a family of mutual funds for US investors.

Harding Loevner is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or timeliness and does not make any warranties, expressed or implied, with regard to the information obtained from other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and for navigational purposes only. They should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. It should not be assumed that investment in the securities identified has been or will be profitable.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed.


Terms & Conditions
Please confirm that you have read and understand the following terms of use of this website.
You are about to access the pages of Harding Loevner Funds plc, an Irish umbrella type open-ended investment company (the "Company"), which contains information about the Company and its sub-funds (each a "Fund"). These pages are for informational purposes only. It is not investment advice, nor is it intended to be relied on as a forecast or research and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell shares in any Fund. Access to and the information contained in these pages are restricted to persons who are residents of jurisdictions in which the distribution of the information herein is permitted. Please consult your professional advisers if you have questions about a particular investment or are unsure of the laws and regulations applicable to you.
Investment in any Fund may only be made in accordance with the terms of the relevant offering documents, and subject to the laws and regulations applicable in which the offering documents are distributed. Please further note that not all Funds are available for distribution in all or the same jurisdictions. No information regarding the offering of shares of the Funds is intended for, nor will offers or sales of such shares generally be made to, residents of the United States of America, its territories or possessions. In particular, neither the Funds nor any shares are or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or otherwise in the U.S. and may not, except in a transaction which does not violate U.S. securities laws, be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the U.S. or to any U.S. persons.
By clicking on the "I Agree" button below, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and wish to proceed to these pages.
























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


