








C. Keith Hartley - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















C. Keith Hartley
Board Member at Universal Display Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you C. Keith Hartley? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view C. Keith Hartley's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in C. Keith Hartley's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in C. Keith Hartley's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with C. Keith Hartley through your network of contacts.
												








C. Keith Hartley's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Universal Display Corporation


Past
To view C. Keith Hartley's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
74

 
 


C. Keith Hartley's Biography




			Mr. Hartley has been a member of our Board of Directors since September 2000. Since June 2000, he has been the President of Hartley Capital Advisors, a merchant banking firm. From August 1995 to May 2000, he was the managing partner of Forum Capital Markets LLC, an investment banking company. In the past, Mr. Hartley held the position of managing partner for Peers & Co. and Drexel Burnham Lambert, Inc. He serves as a director and is on various committees of Swisher International Group, Inc. He also previously served as a director of Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		
Source: Universal Display Corporation on 04/26/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view C. Keith Hartley's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like C. Keith Hartley. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in C. Keith Hartley's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in C. Keith Hartley's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with C. Keith Hartley through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: C. Keith Hartley


















C. Keith Hartley's Connections (35)





Sign up now to view C. Keith Hartley's 35 connections »









James A. Geraghty
Chairman of the Board, Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Mark A. Goldberg
Board Member, ImmunoGen, Inc.









Louis J. Arcudi
Senior Vice President, Operations, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Assistant Secretary, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Robert D. Arbeit
Former Consultant, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Sherwin I. Seligsohn
Founder and Chairman of the Board, Universal Display Corporation









R. Russell Martin
Former Senior Vice President of Drug Development and Chief Medical Officer, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Robert G. Andersen
Former Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Operations, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Sudhir Agrawal
Dir. and President, Research, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









STEPHEN R. SEILER
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Abeona Therapeutics Inc.









Elizabeth H. Gemmill
Board Member, Universal Display Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















HARTLEY C KEITH Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HARTLEY C KEITH
                    

•   GREENWICH, CT
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Hartley C Keith is based out of Greenwich.    WhaleWisdom has at least 13 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Hartley C Keith. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HARTLEY C KEITH, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




hartley c keith


14 WYNNWOOD RD

GREENWICH
CT
                                                        
                                                    06830-3409


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      6176795500
SEC SIC CODE:3670-ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/05/2017
4 filed on 05/12/2017
4 filed on 04/04/2017
4 filed on 01/04/2017
4 filed on 10/03/2016
4 filed on 07/01/2016
4 filed on 04/01/2016
4 filed on 01/04/2016
4 filed on 12/14/2015
4 filed on 10/02/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free
























C. Keith Hartley | Deep Capture









































 


Home
About




















Story of Deep Capture

Michael Milken and Dendreon

The Movie
Mitchell Report

AntiSocialMedia

Data

Archive

Podcast






Tag Archive | "C. Keith Hartley"




Tags: Acqua Wellington, AIG, AIG Trading, American International Group, Andrew Redleaf, anthony elgindy, Azimuth, Barry Klein, Barry Minkow, Boston Globe, Bruce Wasserstein, C. Keith Hartley, Carl Icahn, CNBC, CNH Partners, convertible bond, Cougar Biotechnology, Deephaven Capital, Dendreon, Denis Levin, DKR, DKR Management, Dmitry Balyasny, Drexel Burnham Lambert, Eagle Rock Capital, Eric Brooks, FDA, Felix Sater, Food and Drug Administration, Fortune Magazine, Forum Capital Markets, Gary Davis, Genovese, GLG Partners, Grosvenor Capital, Gruntal, Gryphon Partners, Howard Scher, International Fight League, Isser Elishis, Ivan Boesky, Jack Catain, Jeffrey Thorp, Jeffrey Yass, Joel Sendek, Joseph Cassano, Ken Moelis, Lazard, Lazard Capital, Lindsay Rosenwald, Mafia, Matthew Taibbi, Michael Baldock, Michael Boyd, Michael Catain, Michael Milken, New York Post, New York Times, organized crime, Owen Lamont, ProQuest Investments, Prostate Cancer Foundation, Provenge, Quattro, Quattro Partners, refco, Roddy Boyd, Rolling Stone, Ron Aizer, SAC Capital, Sam Antar, Santo Maggio, Scott Lederman, Seattle Times, Sendek, Spyro Contogouris, Steve Cohen, stock manipulation, SulphCo, Susquehanna, Susquehanna International, Todd Pulvino, Tome Petters, UBS, UBS O'Conner, Wall Street Journal, White Rock Partners, Whitebox Advisors, Zev Wolfson, ZZZZ Best Michael Milken, 60,000 Deaths, and the Story of Dendreon (Chapter 12 of 15)
Posted on 17 July 2009










What follows is PART 12 of a 15-PART series. The remaining installments will appear on Deep Capture in the coming days, after which point the story will be published in its entirety.
Click here to read PART 1
Click here to read PART 2
Click here to read PART 3
Click here to read PART 4
Click here to read PART 5
Click here to read PART 6
Click here to read PART 7
Click here to read PART 8
Click here to read PART 9
Click here to read PART 10
Click here to read PART 11
Where we left off, we had learned that on March 29, 2007, an FDA advisory panel voted overwhelmingly to recommend approval of Provenge, Dendreon’s promising new treatment for prostate cancer. As a result, most financial analysts and investors expected that Dendreon would have  a promising future. However, ten hedge funds (out of a universe of 11,500 hedge funds) held large numbers of Dendreon put options (bets against the company), suggesting they expected Dendreon would be derailed.  At least seven of those hedge funds can be tied to Michael Milken or his close associates.
We had also learned that Milken himself stood to profit if Dendreon were to experience problems receiving FDA approval. This is because Milken was the early financier and principal deal maker for ProQuest Investments, a fund that (along with an affiliate) controlled a company called Novacea, which was one of Dendreon’s competitors in the race to produce a new treatment for prostate cancer. Meanwhile, Lindsay Rosenwald (a Milken crony who once helped run a Mafia-linked brokerage called D.H. Blair, which specialized in pumping and dumping fake biotech companies) controlled Cougar Biotechnology, which was Dendreon’s second competitor in the race to develop a new treatment for prostate cancer.
We had learned further that Milken’s “philanthropic” outfit, the Prostate Cancer Foundation, seems largely to be an extension of Milken’s investment fund, ProQuest. This might explain why the Prostate Cancer Foundation endorsed and provided financial support to Novacea and Cougar, neither of which had shown that their treatments were safe or effective, while snubbing its nose at Dendreon.
In addition, we had learned that in April, 2007, an FDA-contracted physician, Dr. Howard Scher, who was also an executive and director of Milken’s ProQuest Investments, and the chairman of Milken’s Prostate Cancer Foundation “Therapeutic Consortium”, spearheaded an unprecedented lobbying effort to undermine the prescribed regulatory process and convince the FDA to deny approval to Dendreon — the first time in history that the FDA went against an advisory panel’s recommendation to approve a drug destined for dying patients.
In the days before and after the lobbying effort, Dendreon was subjected to a blistering attack by naked short sellers who illegally flooded the market with millions of phantom shares to help drive down the company’s stock price. This criminal naked short selling continued intermittently for much of the next two years, while other events conspired to hobble Dendreon, a company that had completed multiple clinical trials that strongly suggested that its product, Provenge, was capable of lengthening the lives of tens of thousands of men with prostate cancer….
* * * * * * * *
“Black Wednesday at the FDA.”
That is how Dr. Mark Thornton, a former medical officer in the FDA’s Office of Oncology Products, described the FDA’s decision not to approve Dendreon’s Provenge.  In an op-ed for the Wall Street Journal, Dr. Thornton described vaccines such as Provenge as the “Holy Grail of cancer treatment.”  Without directly referring to anyone by name, Dr. Thorton described Dr. Scher’s lobbying effort as “arrogant” and “unprecedented.”
Dr. Thornton added that when the FDA succumbed  to that lobbying, “the dawn of a new era in cancer immunotherapy was driven back into the night. It will be years before we know the full impact of these decisions and how many cancer patients…have had their lives cut short as a result.”
This scandal infuriated many other physicians and patient advocates (with  the exception of those affiliated with Milken’s Prostate Cancer Foundation). Some Dendreon supporters took to the streets.
On June 2, 2007, there was a protest in front of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. Two days later, several prostate cancer advocacy groups rallied in Washington. On June 6, there was yet another protest, this one attended by still more physicians who demanded to know why the FDA had failed to approve Dendreon’s treatment.
“I’d like to explain in the most basic of terms,” said Dr. Mark Moyad of the University of Michigan medical school, at the June 6 rally. “We think a mistake has been made. We are here in a friendly way to start the process of correcting that mistake.”

That word — “friendly” – seems to me to perfectly describe Dendreon’s supporters. I might add  “intelligent,” and “fair,” and “engaged.”  But the mainstream media played its customary role by portraying such advocates as vexatious wackos (notwithstanding the fact that many of Dendreon’s supporters were respected physicians).
“Oncologists do not usually need bodyguards…” began a story in the Washington Post, which was all about the Dendreon “controversy.”  The gist of this story was that people advocating for prostate cancer patients might somehow be dangerous – that it was strange how vocal they were, it was strange that they used the Internet to get the word out – and Dr. Scher (the physician who helped derail Dendreon) feared for his safety. He had even received some “threats.”
Nowhere in the story was it suggested that a great many prominent doctors were saying that the FDA had made a “mistake” in failing to approve Dendreon’s application. Nowhere was it mentioned that Dr. Scher played a significant role in engineering this “mistake.”  And nowhere was it mentioned that Dr. Scher was egregiously conflicted due to his financial ties to Michael Milken’s investment fund and Dendreon’s competitors, Novacea and Cougar Biotechnology.
Essentially identical stories appeared in the Philadelphia Inquirer, the New York Times, the Boston Globe, the Seattle Times, and on CNBC. Every one of these media outfits portrayed Dendreon’s supporters as potentially dangerous lunatics. Every one of them stated unequivocally that Dr. Scher had been “threatened.”  Yet, not one of them specifically described the threats, and as far as I can ascertain, there were no “threats.”
Clearly, there was a new party line – Dr. Scher was the victim. Given the near verbatim repetition of this party line in so many newspapers, and given my experience working in the mainstream media, I can say with near certainty that this was the work of an orchestrated public relations campaign – a campaign to distract attention from what was really happening to Dendreon.
Meanwhile, Dendreon remained one of the most manipulated stocks on Nasdaq. On the day that the Washington Post story appeared, SEC data showed that criminal naked short sellers had sold, and failed to deliver, more than 13 million Dendreon shares. Following the mainstream media’s standard operating procedures, no mention was made of this phantom stock in any of the stories on Dendreon’s troubles.
* * * * * * * *
By June of 2007, Dendreon’s stock price was averaging around $7 – down from its early April high of $25. There was no way the company could raise more money on the stock market, and so it had to significantly scale back its work on Neuvenge, a promising treatment that fought breast cancer in the same way that Provenge fought prostate cancer. In order to get enough cash to continue work on Provenge, Dendreon issued over $100 million worth of convertible bonds.
Sometimes, hedge funds that buy a company’s convertible bonds are well-intentioned – they want the company to succeed so that the company can repay the loan.
But, often, hedge funds that buy convertible bonds do not have the company’s best interests at heart. Indeed, Deep Capture has obtained an internal client presentation given by a well-known investment bank that states that the single largest segment of investors in convertible bonds are hedge funds that actually intend to increase their bets against the companies that they are financing.
A convertible bond is debt that can be “converted” into stock. A hedge fund lends a company, say, $100 million. As repayment, the hedge fund can either receive the $100 million plus interest at maturity, or instead it can receive, say, 10 million shares in the company.
If the share price is $8 at the time of the loan, those 10 million shares would be worth $80 million. But if the share price rises to $20, the hedge fund can convert his $100 million loan into $200 million worth of stock. If the hedge fund manager is a value investor who wishes the company well, he will make his loan and wait for the stock to rise.
But there are various ways that convertible bonds can be put to malevolent use. Suppose a group of hedge funds have launched a full scale short selling attack against a company, but the hedge funds want to short sell even more stock.  To do that legally, the hedge funds must first locate more stock to borrow, and then sell it. But sometimes there is simply no more stock available for short sellers to borrow.
Now, suppose the share price has already been significantly hammered, so the company can no longer raise money through the stock market. The hedge funds know this. And the hedge funds are important clients of an investment bank. So the hedge funds and the investment bank hatch a plan.
It works like this: the investment bank tells the victim company that it can resolve the company’s cash problems by brokering a convertible bond offering. If the company agrees, the investment bank says, “great, but there’s just one hitch – you, the company, have to lend us, the investment bank, the shares that the company would normally keep on hand in case the bond holders convert.
To assuage any fears, the investment bank might promise the company that it will not re-lend those shares to short sellers, but will merely sell them to long buyers – people who want to invest in the company. The company says, “fine,” and issues, say, $100 million worth of debt convertible to 10 million shares. The company also agrees to that “hitch” — so now the investment bank has wangled a “stock loan” agreement that gives it exclusive rights to borrow those 10 million shares until such time as the bond holders convert.
Meanwhile, the investment bank returns to that group of hedge funds, who agree to buy the convertible bonds as a means to extricating those 10 million shares from the company. Once the investment bank is in possession of those shares, it cannot (at least according to its agreement with the company) lend them to the hedge funds for purposes of short selling. But it can do one better. It can broker swap contracts that oblige counterparties to pay the hedge funds a certain amount of money in the event that the company’s stock price decreases in value.
Then, the investment bank dumps those 10 million shares into the market all at once, causing the stock price to further collapse. Meanwhile, the hedge funds and the investment bank might be engaging in naked short selling – selling stock that has never been borrowed by anybody (i.e. stock that does not exist).
If anyone asks about this illegal naked short selling, the hedge funds say they thought they had “a locate” on stock that they could borrow and deliver. If anyone asks the hedge funds to be more specific, the hedge funds say that they had “located” and planned to borrow those 10 million shares that the investment bank had borrowed from the victim company. If the SEC notes that the investment bank had an agreement not to lend those shares to short sellers, the hedge funds say they didn’t know about that.
Of course, the SEC rarely asks any of these questions, but the convertible bonds provide some immunity, just in case.
As the stock price hits rock bottom, the company depletes the cash it raised from the bond offering. And the only way for the company to receive new funding is to issue more convertible bonds to the hedge funds, or do one of those dreaded “death sprial” PIPE deals.
If this were a game of chess, it would now be “check” for the hedge funds. The company knows that its stock price and its financing depend entirely on the hedge funds, which are put in the position of being able to drive (and trade ahead of) the company’s business decisions. This scheme might even allow a set of hedge funds to take control of, say, a $700 million company, for a $100 million loan.
With the exception of the naked short selling, most of this scheme’s elements can be found in the standard PowerPoint presentations that some banks deliver to their hedge fund clients behind closed doors. The investment banks market the scheme as a way to profit from volatility in the stock. When the stock crashes, the hedge funds make money from the swaps and their short selling. If the stock subsequently increases in value, the hedge funds can convert their bonds and use some of the proceeds to pay the counterparties to the swaps.
But sometimes the hedge funds intend to fully destroy the company. They make plenty on their short positions and swaps, and their bonds pull in some money during the bankruptcy proceedings. Sometimes, during bankruptcy, the hedge fund lenders get their hands on company assets (such as blockbuster medical treatments) that are actually worth considerably more than what they spent on their bonds.
At other times, the ultimate goal is not to destroy the company outright, but to crash the stock, and then accumulate shares, giving the hedge funds still more influence over company decisions, and perhaps paving the way for a hostile takeover.
I do not know for certain the motivations of the hedge funds that bought Dendreon’s convertible bonds. I do not know if they engaged in naked short selling. After all, the identities of the naked short sellers and the real amount of failed trades they are generating are, as far as the SEC is concerned, still a big secret. Remember that the SEC says that releasing information about (illegal) naked short sales would reveal the (criminal) hedge funds’ “proprietary trading strategies.” And the SEC cannot have that.
I do know, however, that nearly every one of Dendreon’s convertible bond holders are connected in important ways to Michael Milken or the seven affiliated hedge fund managers who held large numbers of put options in Dendreon prior to the strange occurrences of March 2007. This raises the suspicion that the convertible bond holders were not typical investors (that is, investors who put in capital hoping that the company would prosper).
Instead, the fact that the buyers of the converts were part of the same network that was placing large bets against Dendreon (and taking steps, with help from Milken’s “philanthropy”, to derail Dendreon’s treatment for prostate cancer) raises the possibility that these bond investments were made as part of a strategy to manipulate Dendreon’s stock price down,  during which time members of this network would (with help from Milken’s Prostate Cancer Foundation) pump up the stock prices of Dendreon’s “competitors” – the companies controlled by Milken and his friends.
In the two years that these shenanigans were going on, 60,000 American men died of prostate cancer, which seemed to be of no concern to this particular network of miscreants. But once the competing, Milken-connected companies had been thoroughly pumped, and then dumped (on the news that their treatments were worthless), it would perhaps be time to exert greater control over the one company–Dendreon–that actually had a treatment that could extend lives.
As we will see, members of the Milken network – some of the hedge funds that bought the convertible bonds, and some of the seven hedge funds that were betting big against Dendreon in 2007 – have, as a group, recently become the company’s largest shareholders. Their precise intentions, however, remain a mystery.
While we do not have photo-perfect pictures of what was going on behind the scenes of Dendreon’s bizarre trading (the SEC does not let that get public), we do know that this paradoxical play of participating in a convertible bond in order to further a manipulative scheme against a company, is in fact a standard play on Wall Street. Given this, we would be remiss  not to name the colorful hedge funds that bought Dendreon’s convertible bonds.
* * * * * * * *
As we have covered, Milken crony Carl Icahn founded the options department at Gruntal & Company, which owed its existence to Michael Milken and was one of the more disreputable trading houses on the Street. Ultimately, Gruntal was found to have employed several traders with ties to the Mafia, and soon after, it was charged with a massive fraud and forced to pay what was then one of the largest fines in Wall Street history.
Many of Gruntal’s former employees ended up working for White Rock Capital, which was run by the alleged Russian mobster, Felix Sater, the fellow who was allegedly behind the threat to have Deep Capture reporter Patrick Byrne murdered if he did not end his crusade against naked short selling and the “deep capture” of important institutions.
As we also know, when Icahn left Gruntal, he handed over direction of the options department to Milken crony Ron Aizer. The first trader Aizer hired was Steve Cohen, who was reportedly investigated by the SEC for trading on inside information provided by Milken’s shop, and later became “the most powerful trader on Wall Street” — the fourth of those seven hedge fund managers prescient enough to bet big against Dendreon before Milken’s other cronies derailed the company in 2007.
The second trader hired by Aizer was a man named Andrew Redleaf, who later went on to co-found two hedge funds — Deephaven Capital Management and Whitebox Advisors.  According to a media account posted on Whitebox’s website, Redleaf’s family kept its investment accounts at Drexel Burnham Lambert, where Michael Milken was then running his stock manipulation and junk bond empire. Redleaf was recommended to Aizer by Andy Stillman, who was then managing Drexel’s propriety options trading.
In later years, Redleaf became well-known for investing in Sun Country Airlines in partnership with Tom Petters, who was recently arrested at gunpoint amid allegations that he had orchestrated a massive Ponzi fraud in cahoots with a fellow named Michael Catain. Catain’s father, Jack Catain, was a Genovese Mafia enforcer and loan shark who had been involved, along with Michael Milken, in ZZZZ Best, a fraudulent carpet cleaning company run by Barry Minkow.
Minkow was eventually imprisoned for the ZZZZ Best fraud, and when he was released, he began a career as a self-described “fraud investigator.” He works in partnership with Sam Antar, the convicted felon who masterminded a massive fraud in the 1980s at an appliance retailer called Crazy Eddie. Antar, who is close to Milken and his network (members of which once tried to help Antar seize control of Crazy Eddie) now spends most of his time on the Internet, smearing and threatening people who work to expose the crime of naked short selling.
For example, Antar once posted on the Internet the names and address of Deep Capture reporter Judd Bagley’s young children. Antar writes with almost daily regularity that Deep Capture reporter Patrick Byrne is running a fraudulent company (Overstock.com), though he has produced nothing to support his claims, and every reputable person who has examined his arguments has concluded that they are absurd.
Meanwhile, Antar has littered the Internet with all manner of falsehoods about me—stating, for example, that I’m a drug addict and was fired from my last job. Ever the charmer, Antar has also let it be known that he is friendly with violent people, including those who once ambushed me, punched me in the face, and suggested that I should stop working with Patrick Byrne.
It is interesting to note that, these facts notwithstanding, in 2008 Fortune magazine saw fit to grace its pages with a highly flattering 2,738 word profile of Antar (“It Takes One to Know One”). Fortune did this even as it acknowledged that, “As would-be fraudbuster, Sam E. [Antar] has yet to notch his first kill. (Although in fairness he doesn’t hold himself out to be a full-time 10-Q detective. ‘I don’t have 40 people working for me like the SEC,’ he says.) He hasn’t brought any companies down or caused any regulators to open any investigations.”
That is, concerning a notorious swindler and convicted felon who threatens little girls, smears other journalists, is denounced by public officials, and who has not actually been the source of any credible investigation that Fortune can cite, Fortune published a perfectly complimentary puff piece.
As for the above-mentioned Andrew Redleaf, I noted that he is a founding partner in Deephaven Capital Management. In 2006, Deephaven was sanctioned by the SEC for short selling 19 public companies (almost all biotech firms) on inside information that his hedge fund colleagues were giving the companies “death spiral” PIPEs finance.
As you will recall, similar schemes have involved Milken crony Carl Icahn (the founder of Gruntal’s options department); Jeffrey Thorp (son of the Mafia-linked card counter who was the most important figure in Milken’s stock manipulation network during the 1980s); Milken crony Lindsay Rosenwald (who used to run the Mafia-linked D.H. Blair, the president of which was Milken’s former national sales manager); and Gryphon Partners (which was tied to the Mafia-linked, nine-fingered Anthony Elgindy, a naked short seller who is now serving an 11 year sentence for stock manipulation schemes and bribing two FBI agents).
My apologies for the repetition, but there are some who are new to this, and it is difficult for even the well initiated to keep track of so many miscreants, so permit me to remind the reader that Gryphon’s founder and Lindsay Rosenwald were among the seven colorful hedge fund managers who bet big against Dendreon in March 2007, just before the company was derailed by strange occurences engineered by Milken’s cronies. Also among those seven hedge fund managers was Steve Cohen, who was, earlier in his career, investigated for trading on inside information provided by Milken’s shop, and was the first trader hired at Gruntal by Milken-crony Ron Aizer.
Andrew Redleaf, the second trader hired by Aizer at Gruntal, is, remember, not just a co-founder of Deephaven Capital (sanctioned for short selling on inside information that companies were to receive dubious financing), but also the proprietor of Whitebox Advisors.
And Whitebox Advisors is among those hedge funds that bought convertible bonds issued by Dendreon, a company that suffered a two-year, sustained naked short selling attack while trying to bring to market a treatment for dying cancer patients.
* * * * * * * *
A hedge fund called DKR Management also bought convertible bonds issued by Dendreon. DKR was founded by Barry L. Klein and Gary S. Davis. Previously, Klein worked for Michael Milken as the President of Drexel Burnham Lambert Trading. Davis also worked for Milken at Drexel.
In later years, Klein and Davis founded the predecessor to AIG Trading Group, a unit of American International Group. AIG Trading Group was later run by Joseph Cassano, who had also been a Milken employee at Drexel.
While at AIG, Cassano sold tens of billions of dollars worth of credit default swaps (contracts that pay out if a company defaults on its debt) to hedge funds and investment banks.
Rolling Stone magazine’s Matthew Taibbi, who is one of the mainstream media’s finest journalists, was among the first to establish that AIG Trading Group and Milken crony Cassano destroyed AIG, which ultimately had to be nationalized by the U.S. government – greatly contributing to the collapse of the financial system last fall. Since then, several reports have also implicated Cassano’s Milken-tied predecessors, Klein and Davis.
Meanwhile, various government investigations are seeking to know whether short sellers acquired and manipulated the prices of AIG’s credit default swaps as a way to weaken their target companies – including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns.  The question that remains unanswered is whether the short sellers that bought credit default swaps from Milken cronies Cassano, Klein and Davis were also members of the Milken network (which would mean that some members of the Milken network wrecked the world while the other members of the network bet that they would).
Another highly significant factor in the collapse of the financial system – as can be discerned from statements by countless officials and by reports in virtually every newspaper in the land, though the newspapers seem content not to investigate the matter or state this explicitly – was the naked short selling of AIG, Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and hundreds of other companies.
In the years leading up to the financial cataclysm (and during the time when Dendreon was under attack by naked short sellers), certain hedge funds orchestrated an effective public relations campaign aimed at covering up the crime of naked short selling. As part of this public relations campaign, the hedge funds would regularly trot out a certain Yale professor, who would do his utmost to defend the criminals.
This professor’s favorite stratagem was to divert discussion away from illegal naked short selling, and repeat, over and over, that legal short selling was good for the markets–a fact that was never in dispute. The professor’s capacity for obfuscation was unmatched, but he nonetheless became a favorite source for some members of the media. He appeared regularly on CNBC and was quoted in dozens upon dozens of articles – all of which communicated the non sequitor that illegal naked short selling is not bad for the markets because legal short selling is good for the markets. Of course, this is like arguing that sexual harassment is not bad because sex is good.
The name of this professor is Owen Lamont. To this day, the professor is still sought out by the press, which dutifully regurgitates his baloney. But the professor does not work for Yale anymore.
Now he works for the above-mentioned DKR Management, one of the Milken-connected hedge funds that bought Dendreon’s convertible bonds while Dendreon was brutally attacked by criminal naked short sellers.
* * * * * * * *
There are interesting stories to be told about most every hedge fund that bought Dendreon’s convertible bonds. One of them, Eagle Rock Capital, run by an Iranian fellow named Nadir Tavakoli, was once a controlling investor in the International Fight League, a promoter of ultimate fighting matches. The other controlling investor in the International Fight League (which went bankrupt amidst allegations of ultimate fighting’s connections to the Japanese Yakuza and stories that fighters were committing suicides and murders at alarming rates) was a “Russian whiz kid” (according to the media) named Dmitry Balyasny.
The first things to know about Dmitry Balyasny are that he is closely affiliated with Steve Cohen and he is the seventh of those seven hedge fund managers who were betting big against Dendreon by holding put options on the company’s stock, after the FDA advisory panel had recommended that Provenge be approved, and before Milken’s cronies successfully lobbied the FDA to ignore that recommendation. So I will return to Balyasny soon.
But first, let’s continue with our list of hedge funds that held Dendreon’s convertible bonds.
One was GLG Partners. As we know from emails acquired in a lawsuit, GLG Partners received updates on Steve Cohen’s attack on Canadian insurer Fairfax Financial, so it would be unsurprising if GLG was also clued in to Cohen’s attack on Dendreon.
Recall also that (shortly before GLG bought Dendreon’s convertible bonds) French authorities fined GLG  for being part of an insider trading ring that included UBS O’Conner (a unit of UBS investment bank, which, until March, 2007, was led by former Milken employee Ken Moelis) and Meditor Capital, a hedge fund (also, of course, with ties to Steve Cohen) that had just made a large investment in Novacea, the prostate cancer company that was then being promoted (by Milken’s fund and Milken’s “philanthropy”) as a competitor to Dendreon. In short, GLG was “in the mix.”
Another outfit that bought lots of Dendreon’s convertible bonds (shortly after it was caught running an insider trading ring with Meditor and GLG Partners) was…UBS O’Conner.
Then there was Quattro Partners, which bought Dendreon bonds convertible into a more than a million Dendreon shares. The founding partner of Quattro is named Michael Baldock. He had a long career in biotech investing after spending time as an investment banker at Michael Milken’s Drexel Burnham Lambert.
* * * * * * * *
Another of the big investors  in Dendreon’s convertible bonds was Forest Investment Management, a hedge fund controlled by a man named Michael Boyd. Prior to founding Forest, Boyd was a partner in an outfit called Forum Capital Markets. Boyd’s co-founder in Forum was C. Keith Hartley, yet another of Milken’s disciples from Drexel, Burnham Lambert.
Boyd was also the co-founder of a brokerage called McMahan Securities. One of his partners in that operation was Santo Maggio, who later became chief executive officer of Refco Securities, the brokerage that was allegedly processing the phantom stock sales of Rhino Advisors, which illegally naked shorted companies after providing them with finance brokered by Milken crony Carl Icahn’s Ladenburg Thalmann. When Refco was found to be fraudulently hiding $400 million worth of liabilities (liabilities that many believe were related to naked short selling), Maggio pled guilty to two counts of securities fraud, one count of conspiracy, and one count of wire fraud.
Another of Michael Boyd’s many accomplishments is his son, Roddy. Refco employed Roddy as a trader, perhaps as a favor to his father’s former partner, the criminal Santo Maggio.
But Roddy soon abandoned the securities business to become a business journalist – first at the New York Post and now at Fortune magazine. Roddy Boyd is a key figure among the small coterie of journalists who turn up repeatedly in Deep Capture‘s analyses.
Like all members of the coterie, Roddy has spent several years trying to cover up the naked short selling scandal, ridiculing anyone who mentions the crime or the remarkable coincidence of companies appearing on the Reg Sho list (the SEC’s list of companies suffering from naked short selling) when those companies are the targets of a select group of hedge funds whose names will be familiar to the reader who has made it this far.
In addition to covering up naked short selling crimes, Roddy writes hatchet jobs on the public companies targeted by this same select group of short selling hedge funds. The sources of the information in Roddy’s stories are, of course, the short sellers themselves, and most of the short sellers are, as has been explained over and over, tied to Michael Milken or his close associates.
For example, Roddy spent a great deal of time working with a soon-to-be arrested criminal named Spyro Contogouris, who had been hired by a subsidiary of Steve Cohen’s SAC Capital, to sabotage, harass, and trash Fairfax Financial.
As mentioned, we have obtained a great number of emails between Cohen, Jim Chanos of Kynikos Associates, and others in the network that was attacking Fairfax. In one email, hedge fund manager Chanos writes to journalist Roddy Boyd, “your courtesy was a boon to me. Thank you!”
With the exception of Roddy’s particular clique of journalists, it is not typical for reporters to receive thank you notes for the “courtesies” that they have extended to help hedge funds make money.
Another holder of Dendreon’s convertible bonds was CNH Partners, run by Todd Pulvino, who used to work for Grosvenor Capital. Grosvenor is managed by Scott Lederman, who was the grad school roommate of Steve Cohen and later the chief operating officer of Cohen’s SAC Capital. While Pulvino was presenting himself as a legitimate investor in Dendreon’s debt, was he in touch with Steve Cohen, who had bet big against Dendreon right before Provenge was derailed by the unprecedented lobbying effort of Milken’s other cronies?
We can’t say. And we can’t say who was illegally naked short selling Dendreon’s stock. That, remember, is a big secret – “proprietary trading strategies.”
* * * * * * * *
On October 12, 2007, Dendreon, still desperate for capital to continue clinical trials that might eventually help its cancer treatment receive FDA approval, signed the paperwork on its first PIPE deal. A dreaded PIPE – the sort of deal that dilutes equity and tends to attract naked short selling that sends a company’s stock into a “death spiral.”
The provider of this PIPE finance was the Azimuth Opportunity Fund, managed by an outfit called Acqua Wellington Asset Management.
Acqua Wellington is controlled by a “prominent” investor named Isser Elishis. In an otherwise flattering article, Herb Greenberg – a journalist whose entire career was devoted to granting “courtesies” to hedge funds in the Milken network – described Elishis as the “banker of last resort.”
Herb, who disappeared from public sight after he was exposed by Deep Capture,  now owns a company that ostensibly sells financial research to hedge funds in the Milken network (or, arguably, merely receives payment from them for the extensive string of “courtesies” that Herb extended while working as a journalist).
Among Azimuth’s first forays into the markets was an investment in a company called SulphCo, which claimed to have a method for turning sulphrous crude into clean-burning oil. Elishis collaborated on this deal with SulphCo’s principal investor, Zev Wolfson, who, you will recall, was the investor who financed Milken cronies Carl Icahn, Saul Steinberg, John Mulheren, and various brokerages tied to the Mafia, naked short selling, or both.
SEC data shows that on the day that Dendreon signed its PIPE deal with Azimuth, naked short sellers flooded the market with more than 2 million phantom shares. During the following week, more than a million Dendreon shares “failed to deliver” every day, despite (or perhaps because of) the news that Dendreon had enrolled 500 patients in a trial to confirm its earlier positive results, putting Provenge back on the track to FDA approval.
* * * * * * * *
In the late 1980s, a fellow named Jeffrey Yass and his two friends, Eric Brooks and Kenneth Brodie, set up a partnership to place bets at horse racing tracks across the country. On one single day at Sportsman Park in Chicago they pulled in winnings of more than $600,000. This seemed somewhat excessive, so Sportsman Park banned the three friends from its premises. The punters filed a lawsuit claiming that Sportsman Park had violated their rights to visit a public facility.
At any rate, Jeffrey Yass and Eric Brooks eventually abandoned the business of betting on horse races and instead pursued careers on Wall Street. Now they are “prominent” investors, the proprietors of a mid-sized investment and trading house called Susquehanna International.
In the spring of 2008, Susquehanna was introduced to Dendreon by a placement agent, Lazard Capital Markets. It is not clear why Dendreon would want to do business with Lazard. After all, Lazard was home to the singing Joel Sendek, who had been busily trashing Dendreon in his research reports.
Sendek had also been trumpeting Dendreon’s competitor, Cougar Biotechnology, as the next big thing in cancer treatment. In turn, Cougar Biotechnology (the company then controlled by Milken crony Lindsay Rosenwald, formerly of the Mafia-affiliated pump-and-dump shop D.H. Blair) had been quoting Sendek in its SEC filings.
Sendek’s endorsement, Cougar seemed to be suggesting, was evidence that the company was making progress toward bringing its prostate cancer treatment to market. This was odd, because most pharmaceutical companies use data collected from clinical trials to demonstrate this, not quotes from singing Wall Street analysts.
Meanwhile, it was widely understood that Lazard’s stock loan department was one of the go-to shops for hedge funds looking to short sell Dendreon’s shares. We cannot say that Lazard was loaning phantom stock to the short sellers (if it were, that would be a big secret), but Lazard’s coziness with short sellers ought to have given Dendreon pause.
There was also the fact that Lazard Capital had only recently been spun off from Lazard Ltd. Given that the two operations remained closely affiliated (sharing business and so forth), it might have been of some concern that the chairman of Lazard Ltd. was Bruce Wasserstein, a close associate of Michael Milken.
In “Den of Thieves,” James Stewart, the Pulitzer Prize winning author, quotes a criminal named Denis Levine as saying that Wasserstein was “owned” by Milken’s famous co-conspirator, Ivan Boesky. Given that Denis Levine was indicted for participating in Boesky’s insider trading schemes, one would think he knew of what he spoke, but there is no hard evidence to support his allegation.
In any case, Dendreon followed Lazard’s advice, and did a “registered direct offering” with Capital Ventures International, an affiliate of Susquehanna, the firm founded by Yass and Brooks. A “registered direct offering” is similar to a PIPE, the difference being that the securities sold to the investor are registered with the SEC and immediately tradable.
For most of March 2008, naked short sellers were failing to deliver less than 500,000 shares per day. As negotiations for the “registered direct offering” were underway, the amount of phantom stock gradually increased. And on the day the deal was signed, April 3, at least 1.6 million phantom shares had been sold into the market and remained undelivered.
For the next two months, more than one million Dendreon shares remained “failed to deliver” every day. This despite (or perhaps because of) the fantastic news, on March 12, 2008, that the FDA had agreed to an amended “Special Protocol Assessment,” which would enable the company to release, one year ahead of schedule, the results of an “IMPACT” trial that seemed likely to confirm the company’s Phase 3 trials showing substantial evidence that Provenge was safe and effective.
As Dendreon’s enemies must have known, it would soon be impossible to stymie the company with arguments about data, but stock manipulators were not yet ready to end their campaign against the company.
* * * * * * * *
To be continued….Click here for Chapter 13.

If this article concerns you, and you wish to help, then:
1) email it to a dozen friends;
2) go here for additional suggestions: “So You Say You Want a Revolution?“

Posted in Featured Stories, The Deep Capture Campaign, The Mitchell ReportComments (82)









The Deep Capture Analysis
Introduction
The Setting
		   1.The Players (hedge funds)
		   2.The Pawns (journalists)
		   3.The Regulators (SEC)
The Crime 
		   4.The Crime: Naked Short Selling
		   5.The Corporate Democracy Hoax
		   6.Ruined Firms & Looted Pensions
		   7.Systemic Risk
The Cover-up
		   8.The Deep Capture Campaign
		   9.The Hijacking of Social Media




The Miscreants' Global Bust-Out
Preface
		   1.United States Attacked by Financial Terrorists?
		   2.The "Money Weapon"
		   3.The BCCI Enterprise and The Financial Jihad
		   4.The BCCI Enterprise: Prelude to Our Present Predicament
		   5.Monzer al-Kassar, Model Citizen
		   6.An Oligarchical-Organized Crime and Terrorism Syndicate (and Some Stock Promoters)
		   7.Michael Milken and the "Insider Trading" Network (as of 2013)
		   8.Boris Berezovksy and the “Nexus” Between Organized Crime, Terorroism, and the Global Oligarchy
 








Popular
Latest
Comments
Tags Subscribe







Liberalism, Social Justice and the Cryptorevolution
SEC Charges Goldman Sachs With Improper Securities Lending Practices
Obama, Iran, the JPOA, and Federalist Paper #75 (“The Treaty-Making Power of the Executive”)
Anthony Elgindy, R.I.P.
Goldman Sachs Internal Memo (Yesterday): “Easy to Borrow List to be Discontinued”
Grateful Dead “Fare Thee Well” Concert Their Greatest Prank Ever: A 60’s Style Acid Test
The World’s Greatest Con (Chapter 4): Yank Barry’s $533 Million Art Fraud
The World’s Greatest Con (Chapter 2): Yank Barry’s Global Village — Mobsters, Boxers, Frauds and the FBI’s Most Celebrated Hero
How CNBC (Becky Quick, Jim Cramer, and Joe Kernan) Can Solve Its Collapsing Viewership Problem
And Now a Message from Our Sponsor….




christian louboutin: Yan Qi Lier et facile à l'esclavage ainsi, so...
louboutin: Étape Beichen 100000 années, avec not ac...
louboutin: "Patron! Beijing s'av'e rrtre maintenant une heure...
christian louboutin: Après also d'un mois, au-dessus du gouverneme...
christian louboutin: Of golf course,for instance going to be the dynast...
DanielNeume: Организация ведет распродажу топки seguin - успейт...
louboutin: Kyushu continentale an all in one une famille nomb...
louboutin: Le lendemain à l'aube,le ciel venait p jeter ...
SIVAJOTHI GNANATHEEVAM: We are Providers of all types of BG and SBLC with ...
louboutin: Ceci se 'vrrle rrtre où je peux lui être...



bear stearns
Bethany McLean
Carl Icahn
CNBC
Cougar Biotechnology
David Rocker
Deep Capture
Dendreon
Depression
DTCC
fairfax financial
FFH
Floyd Schneider
Gary Weiss
Goldman Sachs
hedge fund
Herb Greenberg
Jim Chanos
Jim Cramer
Lehman Brothers
Lindsay Rosenwald
Mafia
Marc Cohodes
market manipulation
Michael Milken
naked short
naked short selling
Novacea
organized crime
Patrick Byrne
ProQuest Investments
Prostate Cancer Foundation
Roddy Boyd
SAC Capital
Sam Antar
SEC
Securities and Exchange Commission
short seller
short selling
Steve Cohen
Steven Cohen
stock manipulation
wall street
Wall Street corruption
Wikipedia



Stay up to date
Subscribe to the RSS Feed
Subscribe to the feed via email








Related Sites

Deep Capture the movie A full presentation on Deep Capture.
FailsToDeliver.com Create charts of delivery failures and share price by ticker symbol.
Fruits of Graft
Goldman Sachs 666 An examination of the serial abuses of Goldman Sachs.
Investigate the SEC Dave Patch’s blog
Market Rap Perry Rod, Wall Street watchdog
Naked shorting explained The classic primer on naked short selling
PoliFinance.com by Jason Paez
The sanity check Bob O’Brien’s blog





Information

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS








© 2014 Deep Capture. Powered by Wordpress.








Insider Trading - Hartley C Keith - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Hartley C Keith





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2015-12-10Sale
2015-12-144:05 pm
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
25,000
$54.74
$1,368,451
87,199(IndirectDirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-31Option Award
2017-01-044:05 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
79,299(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-034:53 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
78,049(Direct)
View


2016-06-30Option Award
2016-07-014:19 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
76,799(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-014:51 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
75,549(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-044:16 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
74,299(Direct)
View


2015-12-10Exercise
2015-12-144:05 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
14,150
$10.51
87,199(Direct)
View


2015-12-10Exercise
2015-12-144:05 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
10,850
$10.51
87,199(Direct)
View


2015-12-10Exercise
2015-12-144:05 pm
2005-12-302015-12-30
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
14,150
$10.51
87,199(Direct)
View


2015-12-10Exercise
2015-12-144:05 pm
2005-12-302015-12-30
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
10,850
$10.51
87,199(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Option Award
2015-10-024:07 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
73,049(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-014:43 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
71,799(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-014:08 pm
N/AN/A
Universal Display Corp
OLED
Hartley C KeithDirector
1,250
$0
70,549(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 00:03:10 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










C KEITH  HARTLEY - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











C KEITH  HARTLEY
Check out list of companies and businesses related to C KEITH  HARTLEY. Find out C KEITH  HARTLEY address and contact details. View other people related to C KEITH  HARTLEY - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O UNIVERSAL DISPLAY CORPORATION 375 PHILLIPS BLVD. EWING 08618 NJ




Companies related to C KEITH  HARTLEY
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001005284UNIVERSAL DISPLAY CORP \PA\Director 375 PHILLIPS BOULEVARD  EWING 08618




C KEITH  HARTLEY on the Web
Persons related to C KEITH  HARTLEY - UNIVERSAL DISPLAY CORP \PA\NamePositionCitySTEVEN V  ABRAMSONPresident and CEO EWINGSTEVEN V  ABRAMSONPresident and CEO EWINGSTEVEN V  ABRAMSONEWINGJoshua  AverillPHILADELPHIALEONARD  BECKERDirector PHILADELPHIALEONARD  BECKERDirector EWINGLEONARD  BECKERDirector EWINGJULIA J  BROWNChief Technical Officer EWINGJULIA J  BROWNChief Technical Officer EWINGRobert K.  CitroneSOUTH NORWALKRobert K.  CitroneSOUTH NORWALKDISCOVERY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC / CT10% Owner SOUTH NORWALKDISCOVERY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC / CT10% Owner SOUTH NORWALKDISCOVERY GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND, LTD10% Owner SOUTH NORWALKRICHARD C  ELIASDirector PITTSBURGHRICHARD C  ELIASDirector EWINGELIZABETH H  GEMMILLDirector BALA CYNWYDELIZABETH H  GEMMILLDirector EWINGELIZABETH H  GEMMILLDirector EWINGROSEMARIE B  GRECODirector Michael G  HackGM OLED Lighting & Displays,VP EWINGMichael G  HackGM OLED Lighting & Displays,VP EWINGC KEITH  HARTLEYDirector GREENWICHC KEITH  HARTLEYDirector EWINGC KEITH  HARTLEYDirector EWINGLAWRENCE  LACERTEDirector EWINGLAWRENCE  LACERTEDirector EWINGJanice K  MahonVP of Tech Commercialization EWINGJanice K  MahonVP of Tech Commercialization EWINGMauro  PremuticoVP, Legal & GM, Licensing EWINGSIDNEY D  ROSENBLATTEVP and CFO EWINGSIDNEY D  ROSENBLATTEVP and CFO EWINGSCOTT  SELIGSOHN10% Owner EWINGSHERWIN I  SELIGSOHNChairman of Board and Founder EWINGSHERWIN I  SELIGSOHNChairman of Board and Founder EWINGSteven G  WintersPHILADELPHIA












 









IDRA C. Keith Hartley Insider Trades for Idera Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Idera Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: IDRA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Idera Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


IDRA

/quotes/zigman/101753/composite


$
1.88




Change

-0.0004
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 6,019
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/101753/composite
Previous close

$
			1.90
		


$
				1.88
			
Change

-0.02
-1.05%





Day low
Day high
$1.86
$1.94










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.30
        

            $3.33
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




C. Keith Hartley






Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/07/2013
90,000


 
Acquisition at $0.49 per share.


44,100





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Vincent J. Milano 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Louis J. Arcudi 
CFO, Treasurer & Senior Vice President-Operations




Dr. Joanna C. Horobin 
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Jonathan  Yingling 
Senior Vice President-Early Development




Mr. Robert Clayton Fletcher 
SVP-Business Development & Strategic Planning




Mr. John J. Kirby 
Vice President-Corporate Accounting




Mr. Robert A. Doody 
VP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications




Ms. Jill  Conwell 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Mark J. Casey 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Ms. Tanya N. Lewis 
VP-Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance




Mr. James A. Geraghty 
Chairman




Mr. William S. Reardon 
Independent Director




Dr. Maxine  Gowen 
Independent Director




Mr. Youssef  El Zein 
Independent Director




Dr. Kelvin M. Neu 
Independent Director




Mr. Julian Charles Baker 
Independent Director




Dr. Mark Alan Goldberg 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:03 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:53aIMF cuts U.S. growth forecast for 2017, 2018
11:22p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
11:09pWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
11:09pThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
11:07p5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
11:06pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
11:05pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
11:04pThe dark side of cruises
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

































































 


