

Harvey Westbury Corp 160 Littleton Rd Parsippany, NJ Chemicals & Allied Products Nec - MapQuest







































































































    Harvey Westbury Corp
  

160 Littleton Rd

Parsippany
NJ
07054




 Reviews



(201) 468-7779
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Operational for more than 30 years, Harvey Westbury manufactures, packages and distributes various products for the automotive and marine markets. The company also specializes in the private-label packaging of its products. It operates a warehouse facility and administrative offices in New Jersey. Harvey Westbury offers a range of waxes, polishes, and interior and exterior care products under the Royal Satin brands. Its products are designed to clean and maintain a variety of automotive and paint finishes. The company s signature product Garry's Royal Satin Marine and RV One Step Cleaner Wax is a selection of rubbing compounds designed to clean boat and recreational vehicles. Harvey Westbury provides a lubrication system under the Formula 2000 Ultimate brand. It also offers online order placement options.
          






















Legal






Help





















 


HARVEY WESTBURY CORP Parts



















  


Order by Phone
631-580-9500




 Home

 Company

 Counterfeit Avoidance

 Services

 Quality

 Line Card

 Blog

 News/Events









		Our agents are available
			to assist with your needs.
Mon-Fri 9am-5pm EST.






Search our database









Parts from HARVEY WESTBURY CORP



Found 2 product(s)





Description
NSN
Part No.





SOCKET,PLUG-IN ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS


#5935-00-132-5978


#102-14-AA-D




SOCKET,PLUG-IN ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS


#5935-01-039-7067


#200-14-CC




































Get a Quote Quickly and Easily
    	We will respond shortly!
        


Required Fields










 







Implementing Quality Procurement
Lintech’s Vendor Management System has been developed for more than negotiating the lowest costs with our suppliers, it is about sourcing quality products first. Lintech has a strict supplier qualification and criteria to determine vendor selection.
			Read more...






Supplying Quality Products
Lintech’s takes counterfeiting seriously. We have taken significant measures to ensure that we supply quality and authentic products with our state of the art counterfeit avoidance program in place, known as C.A.P.P.
			Read more...






Providing Quality People
Our team is our most valuable resource and the main reason for Lintech’s success.  For over 20 years our staff have developed solid relationships with corporate suppliers and customers.  Our loyal customer base is due to a professional group of quality pe
			Read more...







©2011 Z2 Media, Inc. All rights reserved. 631-580-9500


Home |     

All Products |     

Forms |     

Terms and Conditions |     

Contact 



















Harvey Westbury Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 1:20 PM ET
Auto Components

Company Overview of Harvey Westbury Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Harvey Westbury Corp. manufactures, packages, and distributes products for automotive, marine, and aviation markets. It offers wax and polish products under the Garry's Royal Satin brand name; and carbon monoxide testing kits under the Easy-Test brand name for ‘do it yourself’ market. The company, through its subsidiary, HW Energy, Ltd., is also engaged in the business of industrial energy and distribution. The company is based in Parsippany, New Jersey.


18B East Fifth StreetPaterson, NJ 07524United States



Phone: 973-684-0800








Key Executives for Harvey Westbury Corp.




Mr. Eugene Chiaramonte Jr.


      	Chief Executive Officer, President, Managing Director and Director
      


Age: 69
        







Mr. Eugene J. Chiaramonte III


      	Chief Operating Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 45
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Harvey Westbury Corp. Key Developments

Harvey Westbury Deleted From Other OTC

Dec 2 16
Harvey Westbury Corp.’s common stock deleted from Other OTC, effective December 2, 2016. The deletion was due to revocation of registration under section 12(j) of SEC.



SEC Revokes Registration Of Securities Of Harvey Westbury For Failure To Make Required Periodic Filings

Dec 2 16
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or the commission) revoked the registration of each class of registered securities of Harvey Westbury Corp. for failure to make required periodic filings with the Commission. The company failed to comply with Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 there under and revoked the registration of each class of the company’s securities pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act.



SEC Orders Hearings On Registration Suspension Or Revocation Against Harvey Westbury For Failure To Make Required Periodic Filings
Nov 17 16
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or the commission) instituted public administrative proceeding to determine whether to revoke or suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months the registration of each class of the securities of Harvey Westbury Corp. for failure to make required periodic filings with the Commission. In this Order, the Division of Enforcement (Division) alleges that the company was delinquent in its required periodic filings with the Commission. In this proceeding, instituted pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(j), a hearing will be scheduled before an Administrative Law Judge. At the hearing, the judge will hear evidence from the Division and the company to determine whether the allegations of the Division contained in the Order, which the Division alleges constitute failures to comply with Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 there under, are true. The judge in the proceeding will then determine whether the registrations pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 of each class of the securities of the company should be revoked or suspended for a period not exceeding twelve months. The Commission ordered that the Administrative Law Judge in this proceeding issue an initial decision not later than 120 days from the date of service of the order instituting proceeding.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2Fuel Technologies, Inc. United States 31 Incorporated United States 3Point Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Automotive, Inc. United States A-FAB Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Harvey Westbury Corp., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































  HVYW Stock Quote - Harvey-Westbury Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Harvey-Westbury Corp   HVYW:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Harvey-Westbury Corporation manufactures automotive and marine products.  The Company produces automobile, boat, and recreational vehicle waxes and rubbing compounds, oil filters, oil additive, anti-freeze and battery testers, and air conditioner recharge kits.    Address  18 East 5th Street BPaterson, NJ 07524United States   Phone  1-973-684-0800   Website   www.harveywestbury.com              





  Harvey Westbury
 - YouTube 


 
  











































































 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 












            Home
          










            Trending
          










            History
          










            Get YouTube Red
          










            Get YouTube TV
          











      Best of YouTube
    




 










            Music
          







 










            Sports
          







 










            Gaming
          







 










            Movies
          







 










            TV Shows
          







 










            News
          







 










            Live
          







 










            Spotlight
          







 










            360° Video
          

















            Browse channels
          










      Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
    

Sign in
























































 





Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    





























Harvey Westbury




SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe26 












Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    


















Garry's waxes and cleaner products are owned and sold under the name Garry's Royal Satin by it's parent company, Harvey Westbury Corp. (w...
Garry's waxes and cleaner products are owned and sold under the name Garry's Royal Satin by it's parent company, Harvey Westbury Corp. (www.harveywestbury.com); which has been a light packaging and nationwide distributor of automotive and marine parts and accessories since 1967.


Show more
        

Show less
        


















 


Uploads







 







 0:35

Play nextPlay now






Garry's Royal Satin Wax Commercial - Duration: 35 seconds.


6 years ago167,436 views 


        Harvey Westbury Corp. has been manufacturing, packaging and distributing quality products for the automotive and marine markets for over 30 years. Harvey Westbury is launching new products along ...
    




Show more






This item has been hidden










Liked videos


Play all








 







 4:05

Play nextPlay now






Dr. Michio Kaku Says America Has A Secret Super Weapon - Duration: 4 minutes, 5 seconds.
AllHistoryVideos

2,848,872 views5 years ago 









 







 4:59

Play nextPlay now






Awesome 10 year old defeats 12 year old (Wrestling)-1/1 - Duration: 4 minutes, 59 seconds.
gamra2008

79,175 views6 years ago 







 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Subscriptions






 










Sesame Street - Channel
2,294 videos 
        Welcome to Sesame Street. If, by some chance, you were looking for Elmo, Cookie Monster, Big Bird, Grover, Oscar, Bert & Ernie, Telly, Zoe, Rosita, Baby Bear and Snuffleupagus, you are in luck because
    
CHANNEL SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe2,797,902 




Show more






This item has been hidden









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 






 



Harvey Westbury Corp. Announces Successful Launch of New Marine Products | Business Wire


























































Harvey Westbury Corp. Announces Successful Launch of New Marine Products






November 03, 2005 06:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



				PATERSON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 3, 2005--Harvey Westbury Corporation (Pink Sheets: HVYW) announced today that it has added two new products to the Garry's Royal Satin(TM) Marine & RV care product line. These new products were initially showcased at the Marine Accessories Aftermarket Tradeshow (MAATS) held in Las Vegas, NV during July 2005 marking the third straight year that Harvey Westbury has participated in MAATS with a large percentage of the national expansion of the Company's products emanating from both exposure and contacts made at the show.  The new products being added to the Garry's Royal Satin(TM) Marine & RV product line are Ultra Gloss Marine and RV polish which fills the need for a high gloss finishing polish in the Garry's line. This product will replace the existing marine & RV polishes currently in the product line. The second product is an animal-dropping remover specifically designed for bird droppings and currently represents an innovative breakthrough for the industry. Both of these products received very favorable reviews from buyers in attendance at the MAATS show to include Marine Equipment & Supply Company of Thorofare, NJ, and Kellogg Marine Supply Company, a division of Land N Sea distributors and its parent, Brunswick Corporation (NYSE: BC). Distribution through these two existing clients would give the new products exposure along the eastern United States from Maine to Virginia. 

 "We are always trying to upgrade our product line and add new innovative products that answer the specific needs our customers," stated Eugene Chriamonte, President of Harvey Westbury Corp. "Since the debut of these new products at MAATS 2005, they have been tested all over the country and have met with excellent reviews and enthusiastic recommendations. We are pleased to officially offer these products for through our distribution network."  MAATS is sponsored by the National Marine Manufacturer's Association (NMMA) and is the largest aftermarket products tradeshow in the marine industry and draws buyers from all over the world as well as the largest marine suppliers in the United States and Canada. A Large number of buyers attend MAATS including representatives from such noted companies as West Marine, Inc. (NASDAQ: WMAR) and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT).  About Harvey Westbury Corp.  Harvey Westbury Corp. is a marine and automotive product distributor with corporate offices and a warehouse facility in Paterson, NJ. The company's brands include Diamond(TM) oil, air and fuel filters and Garry's Royal Satin(TM) wax.  Safe Harbor  This press release contains statements, which may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Raptor Investments, Inc., and members of its management as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-statements include fluctuation of operating results, the ability to compete successfully and the ability to complete before-mentioned transactions. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results.


Contacts
					Harvey Westbury Corp.Eugene Chriamonte, 973-684-7109www.harveywestbury.comwww.garrysroyalsatin.com












Contacts
			Harvey Westbury Corp.Eugene Chriamonte, 973-684-7109www.harveywestbury.comwww.garrysroyalsatin.com






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up




















Garry's Royal Satin Boat wax

























 



 





 








    
								













						       
						
						MARINE     
|     
AUTOMOTIVE     
|    
						AVIATION 
						   |     
PARENT COMPANY








						 



						 




						 



						 





HARVEY WESTBURY CORP,  160 Littleton Road,  
						Parsippany, NJ  07054   |   Contact: 
						201-468-7779











需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


