

Richard J. Hauser, S.J.











The Candlelight Mass - 10 PM Sundays - St.Johns Church - a 35 Year Tradition

Click on the above photograph for a 2:12 minute Vimeo Video  Interview with Fr. Richard Hauser, S.J. 





Richard J. Hauser, S.J.
Professor 
      of Theology 
      Creighton University
Director: 
      Masters of Arts (MA) 
      in Christian Spirituality
Curriculum vitae,
 or a personal profile


I'd die a happy man if my calling of theology professor 
            and Jesuit priest would would warrant the epitaph: "He helped 
            us recognize God's presence in our lives." 

          I teach a variety of courses at Creighton at both undergraduate and 
          graduate levels: 
          100: Christianity in Context; 
          300: Jesus Christ: Yesterday and Today; 
          400: Personal and Spiritual Dimensions of Leadership;
          400: For the Greater Glory: History and Spirituality of the Jesuits
          500: Finding God in Daily Life: Prayer and Discernment and Understanding 
          and Dealing with Suffering: Hebrew and Christian Perspectives; 
          700: Spirituality for Americans: Thomas Merton's Contemplative Vision: 
          Discernment of Spirits: Theory and Practice: Life and Spirituality of Ignatius of Loyola: Relevance for Today. 
          Each course focuses 
          on the mystery of God's presence a mong us and invites students first 
          to theological reflection and then to personal appropriation of this 
          mystery.




            [Click Image to Stop]
          
 Dr. Wendy Wright of Creighton's Theology department interviews Fr. Richard Hauser, S.J. about his book: Finding God in Troubled Times [4 min]
Listen to Fr. Hauser's homily from the 2007 Founders Day Mass.  [MP3]

Check out a recent photograph with 
              St. Ignatius or read Fr. Hauser's
              reflection on the 9/11.













My three books are my major publications; each 
            applies the theology of the Holy Spirit to a dimension of contemporary 
            spiritual living. The first, In His Spirit: A Guide to Today's 
            Spirituality (Paulist Press, 
            1982, $8.95), is an orientation to the spiritual life with a focus 
            on the nature and dynamics of personal prayer. The second, Moving 
            in the Spirit: Becoming a Contemplative in Action (Paulist Press, 
            1986, $8.95) is a practical guide for recognizing God's presence in 
            daily life inspired by the Rules for Discernment of Spirit of St. 
            Ignatius Loyola. The third, Finding God in Troubled Times 
             (Loyola Press, 2002, $13.95), 
            is a practical approach for dealing with suffering by examining the 
            examples of Jesus and Paul and reflecting on the role of the Holy 
            Spirit. 
My 
            three workshops have a similar thrust. I regularly offer three 
            adult continuing education workshops in the Omaha area and nationally 
            on the topics of Personal Prayer, Discernment of Spirits and Understanding 
            and Dealing with Suffering. Each workshop is oriented around one of 
            my books: Deepening Personal Prayer (In His Spirit); Finding God in Daily Life(Moving in the 
            Spirit), Where Is God in Suffering? 
            (Finding God in Troubled Times). 
            The goal of the workshops is enhancement of participant's spiritual 
            life through reflection and appropriation of matter.          My primary academic interest is in contemporary Christian spirituality. 
            Within this field I am especially interested in the following topics: 
            the Holy Spirit, contemplation, discernment of spirits, the spirituality 
            of suffering, the spirituality of Thomas Merton. Additional interests 
            include: history of spirituality, mysticism, Ignatian spirituality, 
            spirituality of the ministerial priesthood.

E.mail 
          Fr. Dick Hauser, S.J.
Link to Fr. Dick Hauser's Theology Department webpage 
          Link to the Masters in Christian Spirituality (CSP) 

          Announcing the Richard J. Hauser, S.J. Scholarship Fund to support the new B.A./M.A. in Theology with a Certificate in Religious Education. (To make a donation to the Scholarship Fund, contact Michael O'Malley, Development Office, 402-280-2169.)

            Mailing Address:
            Creighton  University
            Jesuit Community
            Omaha, NE  68178
            402-280-3010
            



Go back to Theology Department. 
            | Curriculum Vitae | Books 
            | Workshops | Fr. Hauser's 
        Home Page | Fr. Hauser's Profile 


 


 
 





This site was put up with the help of Fr. Don 
    Doll, S.J. on January 19, 1997 & Updated on September 3,2003.














Richard J. Hauser, S.J.









 

 Richard J. Hauser, S.J.

Professor of Theology, 
          Creighton University
Director: Masters 
          of Arts (MA) in Christian Spirituality
 Jesuit Community at Creighton University
          Creighton University, Omaha, NE, 68178
 






Overview: Education

      Born June 22, 1937, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Raised in Milwaukee, WI. Eldest 
      of six children. Attended St. Sebastian's Grade School and Marquette University 
      Jesuit High School. Graduated from high school, 1955.
      Entered the Wisconsin Province of the Society of Jesus, August 8, 1955. 
      Completed novitiate training at Oshkosh, WI, 1957. Completed Juniorate training 
      at Florissant, MO, 1959. Completed philosophy training at St. Louis University, 
      1962. Taught at Campion Jesuit High School, Prairie du Chien, WI, 1962 to 
      63. Studied American History at St. Louis University 1963 to 64. Taught 
      at St. Francis Indian Mission, St. Francis, SD, 1964 to 65.
Degrees received from St. Louis University: 



B.A., 
      Philosophy, 1961 
      M.A.(T.), American History, 1964
      Ph.L. (Licentiate in Philosophy), 1964
      St. L. (Licientiate in Theology), 1969
      M.A., Dogmatic-Systematic Theology, 1969.



Degree received from The Catholic University of America



Ph. D., 
      Religion and Religious Education, 1973
 

Note: 
    studied theology at St. Louis University School of Divinity first at St. Mary's, 
    KS, 1965 67 and then at St. Louis University, 1967 1969. Taught part time 
    in theology department during the years at St. Louis University. Ordained 
    a priest at Gesu Church in Milwaukee, WI, June 4, 1968. 

 Entered 
    doctoral program at The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C. 
    in Department of Religion and Religious Education in August, 1969. Finished 
    studies for doctorate in July, 1972. Dissertation compared Abraham Maslow 
    and Thomas Merton in their approaches to religious experience. Awarded Ph.D. 
    in Religion and Religious Education in February1973 
    Timeline: Creighton University

      August, 1972: Instructor in Department of Theology
      February, 1973: Promoted to assistant professor (after receiving Ph. D.)
      March, 1977: Promoted to associate professor and granted tenure
    April, 1987: Promoted to professor

      1978-1990 and 1996-1999: Chair: Department of Theology
    1990-2002: Director (and Founder) of MA Programs in Ministry and in Theology

      1993 to present: Director of Masters Program (MA) in Christian Spirituality 
      
      1974-1993: Associate Director of Masters Program in Christian Spirituality

      February, 1991, Granted Creighton’s Distinguished Faculty-Administrator 
      Award
    Chaplain in residence hall 1974-1990.

      Absences from University:
      Spring, 1980: Academic Leave of Absence: Rome, Italy, Collegio Bellarmino
      Spring, 1984: Academic Sabbatical: Berkeley, CA, Jesuit School of Theology 
      (JSTB)
      Spring, 1988, Visiting Professor of Spirituality, Gregorian University, 
      Rome, Italy
      Spring, 1992: Academic Sabbatical: San Francisco, University of San Francisco
      Spring, 2000: Academic Sabbatical: San Francisco, University of San Francisco 
    and New York, America House

    July, 2001: Appointed rector of Jesuit Community at Creighton University
 Overview: Professional Activities
Teaching:

      I am currently teaching the following undergraduate and graduate courses; 
      over the years I have taught a wide variety of other courses. Each course 
      focuses on the mystery of God’s presence among us and invites students first 
      to theological reflection and then to personal appropriation of this mystery. 
      Other courses taught over the years are on record in my annual reports submitted 
    to the Arts and Science dean..

Undergraduate Courses:

      THL 100: Christianity in Context 
      THL 335: Jesus Christ: Yesterday and Today
      SRP 416: For the Greater Glory: History and Spirituality of the Jesuits 
      
      SRP 488: Personal and Spiritual Dimensions of Leadership
    THL 561: Finding God in Daily Life: Prayer and Discernment

Graduate Courses:

      CSP 776: Discernment of Spirits: Theology and Practice
      MAM 780: Christian Prayer and Spirituality
      THL 784: Spirituality for Americans: Thomas Merton’s Contemplative Vision

Scholarship:

      My primary academic interest is contemporary Christian spirituality. Within 
      this field I am especially interested in the following topics: the Holy 
      Spirit, personal prayer, contemplation, Ignatian spirituality, discernment 
      of spirits, the spirituality of suffering, the spirituality of Thomas Merton. 
      Additional interests include: history of spirituality, mysticism, Eastern 
    spirituality, spirituality of the ministerial priesthood.

Books:
      My three books are my major publications; each applies the theology of the 
      Holy Spirit to a dimension of contemporary spiritual living. All three books 
      are still in print and sell between 500 and 1000 copies annually.
      In His Spirit: A Guide to Today’s Spirituality (Paulist Press, 1982, $9.95), 
      is an orientation to the spiritual life with a focus on the nature and dynamics 
      of personal prayer. 
      Book was republished in onion skin paper by Pauline Press for an Asian audience.
      Moving in the Spirit: Becoming a Contemplative in Action (Paulist Press, 
      1986, $9.95) is a practical guide for recognizing God’s presence in daily 
      life inspired by the Rules for Discernment of Spirit of St. Ignatius Loyola. 
      
      Finding God in Troubled Times (Loyola Press, 1994, $13.95), is a practical 
      approach for dealing with suffering by examining the examples of Jesus and 
      Paul and reflecting on the role of the Holy Spirit. Book was originally 
      published by Paulist Press in 1994 but subsequently taken out of print and 
      then reprinted by Loyola Press in 2002. 
    Book is translated into Polish and published in a Polish edition.

Articles:
      In addition to my three books I have also published articles on spirituality 
      in the following periodicals: 
      Review for Religious (10 articles); 
      The following two articles from Review for Religious were reprinted and 
      published in foreign translations :
      -- “Where Is God in our Suffering, “ Review for Religious, Vol. 54, No. 
      1, (Jan.-Feb., 1995), pp. 113-130, was translated into Polish and published 
      in the Polish journal Zycie Duchowe,
      --“Evoking the Spirit: Reflections on How to Prayer,” Review for Religious, 
      Vo. 56, No. 4, (July/August, 1997), was translated into French and published 
      in the French periodical Christus, Number 179, (Juillet, 1998).
      America, (4 articles);
      The Living Light; Lumen Vitae; Sisters Today;
      Pastoral Life, Praying, Harvest;
      Priest and People (English periodical),
      Creighton University Magazine (5 articles);
      also in several other periodicals. Articles are on record in my annual reports 
    submitted to the Arts and Science dean.

      Chapters in Books:
      “Each Mortal Thing Does One Thing and the Same—Selves: An Approach to Christian 
      Discernment,” from Handbook of Spirituality for Ministers, Volume One, edited 
      by Robert Wicks, (Paulist Press, 1995, $24.95), pp. 207-227.
      “The Minister and Personal Prayer: Evoking the Spirit of Jesus,” from Handbook 
      of Spirituality for Ministers, Volume Two, edited by Robert Wicks, (Paulist 
      Press, 2000, $39.95), pp. 375-395.
      “Becoming One in the Spirit: An Ecumenical Approach to Spirituality,” from 
      Practical Theology: Perspectives from the Plains, edited by Michael Lawler 
    and Gail Ritsch, (Creighton University Press, 2000) pp. 268-294.
Book Reviews:
      I review books for following periodicals: America, Theological Studies. 
      Spiritus, Review for Religious and other periodicals. Each review is on 
      record in my annual reports submitted to the Arts and Science dean.

Consultantship:
      I am senior consultant on Ignatian spirituality for recent catechetical 
      series published by Loyola Press entitled Finding God. For several years 
      this involved annually five trips to Chicago. I currently consulted by editors 
      and writers of series twice a year. This series is significant because it 
      focuses not only on imparting Catholic doctrine but also on instilling a 
      healthy spirituality flowing from the Ignatian spirituality tradition.

Service:

University:

      I have served on most major college and university committees. 
      Highlights of service:

Arts and Science College: 
      -member of Rank and Tenure committee under four deans (some fifteen years); 
      
      -member of Executive Committee of College for some twenty-seven consecutive 
      years)
      -chair of theology department: five terms:1978-1990, 1996-1999:
      -founded MA in Theology and in Ministry: negotiated Ministry Scholarship 
      (fifty-percent tuition reduction) as well as Sheets Scholarship Endowment 
      from Jesuit Community (currently $350,000).
      -facilitated, as member of core revision committee, nine hour core theology 
      requirement (up from six hour and currently strongest theology core in USA).
      -established consortium of chairs of Jesuit theology/religious education 
      departments in 1986; consortium meets annually in conjunction with the American 
      Academy of Religion; I have attended each meeting since 1986; it is the 
      only forum available for consultation among chairs of Jesuit theology/religious 
      education departments.
      -facilitated composition of Theology Department Mission Statement during 
      final term as chair; Mission Statement has been crucial in maintaining department 
      identity as theology – rather than religious education – department; many 
      Jesuit departments have drifted into the religious education category.

Graduate School:
      -associate director (1975-93) and then director (1993 to present) of Christian 
      Spirituality Program. I have been on campus each summer to insure the vitality 
      of the program. Negotiated in 1994 a fifty percent tuition reduction for 
      all CSP courses thereby making the program competitive financially and ensuring 
      its survival.

Boards:
      Member: MAGIS
      Member: Cardoner
      Member: IPF: as director of CSP, I was instrumental in recruiting IPF to 
      campus and am currently Creighton’s ex officio representative on board.
      Member of Executive Committee and Secretary of Board: Creighton Prep
Community:
      I present some dozen workshops annually to a variety of local and national 
      audiences. These audiences include: bishops: two annual week-long retreats 
      for Region IX bishops; priests: for ten years served as theologian for Emmaus 
      Priest Renewal Program writing two week long retreats, training priest presenters 
      to give retreats, and personally presenting some three retreats annually; 
      deacons: give regular daylong presentations in several dioceses including 
      Omaha, Des Moines, Sioux City; faculty and staff of Catholic elementary 
      and secondary schools; variety of protestant ministers and lay groups; 
      variety of Catholic lay groups. Formats for presentations revolve around 
      the three workshop/retreat topics described below, each relating to one 
      of my books.

      Workshops:
      I regularly offer three adult continuing education workshops in the Omaha 
      area and nationally on the topics of Personal Prayer, Discernment of Spirits 
      and Understanding and Dealing with Suffering. Each workshop is oriented 
      around one of my books: Deepening Personal Prayer (In His Spirit); Finding 
      God in Daily Life(Moving in the Spirit), Where Is God in Suffering? (Finding 
      God in Troubled Times). The goal of the workshops is enhancement of participant’s 
      spiritual life through reflection and appropriation of matter.

Service as Jesuit Priest:
      -Spring, 1975 established the 10:00 PM Sunday Candlelight Mass currently 
      drawing 300-400 students each Sunday. I have presided at the mass each Sunday 
      since then, except when off campus for sabbaticals.
      -Since 1974 I have been coordinator of on campus Jesuit vocation promotion 
      groups for Creighton students. I facilitate some ten group meetings each 
      year as well as advise personally many of the men. 
      -Served as residence hall chaplain in Swanson Hall for seventeen years from 
      1974 to 1991.
      -Annually preside at mass and represent Jesuit Community at many alumni 
      religious events: weddings, baptisms, home masses, reunions.

Service as Rector of Jesuit Community:
Appointed rector July 1, 2001; term ends July 1, 2007.
      As rector I am the apostolic leader of the Jesuit Community. My main job 
      is to facilitate most effective service of community Jesuits to Creighton 
      University. I work closely with the president: I serve on Creighton Board 
      of Directors, chair Jesuit recruitment team of president and academic vice 
      president, meet bi-weekly with President’s Advisory Board, meet bi-weekly 
      with president, serve as ex-officio member of Financial Advisory Committee, 
      attend numerous functions as representative of university and Jesuit community. 
      I established Jesuit Presence Endowment Fund for hiring Jesuits (fund approximately 
      $2,300,000). Currently Fund supports or contributes to support of some five 
      Jesuits, including Visiting Jesuit Scholar Alphonsus D’Sousa from Kohima.

 


Mythree books in spirituality 
    are available from the following presses: In His Spirit: A Guide to Today's 
    Spirituality, Paulist Press, 
    1982, $9.95; Moving in the Spirit: Becoming a Contemplative in Action, 
    Paulist Press, 1986, $8.95. Finding God in Troubled Times. Loyola 
    Press, 2002, $13.95. The first is an approach to the Christian spiritual 
    life with the focus on personal prayer; the second a practical handbook for 
    recognizing the Spirit in daily life inspired by Ignatius of Loyola's Rules 
    for the Discernment of Spirits; the third a theological reflection for imitating 
    Jesus in dealing with suffering focusing on the role of the Holy Spirit. 
    


E.mail Fr. Dick Hauser, S.J.

Go back to Theology Department. 
    | Curriculum Vitae | Books 
    | Workshops | Fr. Hauser's 
    Home Page 






Books on Spirituality by Fr. Richard J. Hauser, S.J.



 

    Books by Fr. Richard J. Hauser, S.J.


In His Spirit: A Guide to Today's Spirituality
Paulist Press, 1982, 
    $8.95

The book is an informal and readable guide to contemporary Christian spirituality, blending a theoretical understanding of the Holy Spirit flowing from Scripture and contemporary theology with a practical application of the effects of the Spirit in daily life. Having established the significance of the Spirit for all Christian spirituality, it focuses on the centrality of the Spirit for adequately understanding the nature of personal prayer and for praying more effectively. It concludes with a reflections on Christian asceticism and the unity and prayer and service in Christian living.

Table of Contents:
I. Two Models of Spirituality
II. Recognizing the Spirit
III. The Holy Spirit and Personal Prayer
IV. Improving Personal Prayer
V. Guidelines for Living in the Spirit
VI. One Life in Christ: Prayer and Service


Moving in the Spirit: Becoming a Contemplative in Action
Paulist Press, 1986, 
  $8.95

The book is a practical 
  manual for recognizing and responding to the Spirit in daily life. The central 
  chapters blend a New Testament theology of the Holy Spirit with St. Ignatius 
  of Loyola's principles for discerning 
  the Spirit and for finding God's will. They translate the apostolic ideals 
  of "finding God in all things" and "becoming a contemplative in action" into 
  an understandable and usable daily format. The book opens with a reflection 
  on the entire Christian spiritual journey and concludes with practical guidelines 
  for keeping a spiritual journal. It is intended for all who seek deeper union 
  with God in the midst of loving and serving God's people.

Table of Contents:
I. Awakening to the Holy Spirit 
II. Recognizing the Holy Spirit
III. Obstacles to the Spirit
IV. Seeking God's Will
V. Keeping a Spiritual Journal




 
Finding 
    God in Troubled Times: The Holy Spirit and Suffering, 
    Loyola Press, 2002, $13.95

Where is God in suffering? The book is the author's 
    personal reflections in the aftermath of tragic auto deaths of six university 
    students. The opening chapter isolates two dominant approaches used by the 
    university community to cope with the death of their friends, the first blaming 
    God and asking "Why O God?," the second seeking God's strength and praying 
    "Help me, God"! The central chapters compare and contrast the Old and New 
    Testaments for their approaches to understanding and dealing with suffering. 
    Focusing on the role of the Spirit, they examine the examples of Jesus and 
    Paul in dealing with suffering and draw out implications for ourselves. The 
    concluding chapter asks how we can reconcile our belief in an all-loving and 
    all-powerful God with the existence of so much suffering in the world. The 
    book aims to uncover our often hidden assumptions about God's relationship 
    to suffering and to lead us to a better imitation of Jesus in understanding 
    and dealing with our personal suffering.

 

 Table of Contents:
    I. Where is God in Suffering?
    II. How Does God Work in the World?
    III. Why me, O God? Old Testament Insights
    IV. Strength in Suffering: New Testament Insights
    V. Suffering with Christ: How Jesus Saves Us
    VI. All-Powerful and All-Loving? A Concluding Reflection




E.mail Fr. Dick Hauser, S.J.

Connect to the Theology Department | Curriculum Vitae | Books | Workshops | Fr. Hauser's Home Page| Fr. Hauser's Profile






Books on Spirituality by Fr. Richard J. Hauser, S.J.




Fr. Dick 
    Hauser, S.J., and Daniel Hendrickson, S.J., pose with St. Ignatius in lobby 
    of Ignatius House at Creighton. 
 

E.mail Fr. Dick Hauser, S.J.

Go back to Theology Department. | Curriculum Vitae | Books | Workshops | Fr. Hauser's Home Page| Fr. Hauser's Profile






 
Editor's 
      note: The following essay was written by Creighton's Richard 
      Hauser, S.J., shortly after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and 
      appeared in the Winter 2001 issue of Creighton University Magazine.



Where Is Your God? A Reflection

By Richard J. Hauser, S.J.

My tears have become my bread,
                          By night, by day,
                          As I hear it said all the daylong:
“Where is your God?”
— Psalm 42

  A few days after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade
                            Center and the Pentagon, I was accosted by a very
  troubled woman who steadfastly asserted: “There are no
                            accidents. God’s plan is perfect. Everything
                            happens for a reason.” Then she waited for
                            my assent to her declarations.
                          What
                            to say? How can I respond in a way that speaks to
                            the suffering of this woman? Her faith is the
                                  foundation of her life. And her faith teaches
                                  her that God is
                            not
                            only all-loving but also all-powerful. Doesn’t
                            this mean that everything that happens in this world
                            is somehow
                            willed by God? Don’t these events — terrible
                            as they are — also fall within Divine Providence?

                          As I look at this good woman I am touched. Nothing
                            in her life is more important than faith. She clings
                            to
                            it even though it leads to a terrible conclusion:
                            God — somehow
                            or other in a perfect plan — wanted this to happen.
                            Her world view is being pushed to the breaking point,
                            but she will not give up her faith. I admire her!

                          I begin responding tentatively, wanting to help but
                            fearful of upsetting her further. Yes, I too believe
                            that God
                            is all-loving and all-powerful. But I don’t believe
                            God wanted this to happen. God did not cause the events
                            of Sept. 11; people did.

                          God created us in God’s own image, making us “a
                            little less than gods crowned with glory and honor” (Ps
                            8). And God, all-powerful and all-loving, blessed us
                            with the gift that makes us most like God: freedom. And
                            from the very beginning of creation God allowed us to
                            use this gift as mature adults, absolutely, not like
                            puppets manipulated on a string. God doesn’t
                            limit human freedom.

                          But, sadly, from the very beginning human beings
                            have abused this gift of freedom and rebelled against
                            God’s
                            commandments. Humans sinned in the Garden of Eden — Adam
                            and Eve. Humans sinned in New York and Washington on
                            Sept. 11. And so this lovely planet, God’s Garden
                            of Paradise, becomes a Vale of Tears.

                          Throughout history, when confronting suffering, non-believers
                            have taunted believers justifying nonbelief with
                            the Psalmist’s painful lament: “Where is your
                            God?” But believers confronting the same suffering,
                            reaching deep within their hearts, have come to a different
                            conclusion: Our God is with us in suffering, indeed,
                            especially in suffering!

                          So Rabbi Harold Kushner finally concluded as he struggled
                            to reconcile his belief in an all-loving and all-powerful
                            God with the premature death of his son at age 12.
                            God was not to blame.

“Maybe God does not cause our suffering. Maybe it happens
                            for some reason other than the will of God. The psalmist
                            writes, ‘I lift mine eyes to the hills; from where
                            does my help come? My help comes from the Lord, maker
                            of Heaven and earth’ (Ps 121). He does not say, ‘My
                            pain comes from the Lord,’ or ‘My tragedy
                            comes from the Lord.’ He says, ‘My help comes
                            from the Lord.’ Could it be that God does not cause
                            the bad things that happen to us? ... Could it be that ‘How
                            could God do this to me?’ is really the wrong question?” (When
                            Bad Things Happen to Good People, Avon Books, 1981).

                          So Paul concluded reflecting on his experience of
                            coping with his “thorn in the flesh.” Paul discovered
                            to his complete astonishment that his weakness (which
                            some scholars believe was encroaching blindness) did
                            not indicate God’s absence but actually occasioned
                            a fuller manifestation of God’s presence.

“About this thing [the thorn], I have pleaded with the
                            Lord three times for it to leave me, but he has said, ‘My
                            grace is enough for you; my power is at its best in weakness.’ So
                            I shall be very happy to make my weakness my special
                            boast so that the power of Christ may stay over me, and
                            that is why I am quite content with my weaknesses, and
                            with insults, hardships, persecutions, and the agonies
                            I go through for Christ’s sake. For it is when
                            I am weak that I am strong” (2 Cor 12:7-10).

                          Later facing martyrdom in Rome, Paul exulted, “Who
                            will separate us from the love of Christ? Trial, or distress,
                            or persecution, or hunger, or nakedness, or danger, or
                            the sword? ... I am certain that neither death nor life
                            ... nor any other creature, will be able to separate
                            us from the love of God that comes to us in Christ Jesus
                            our Lord” (Rom 8:35, 39).

                          And so Jesus discovered on Easter Morning after the
                            ordeal of Good Friday: His most dear Father, never
                            abandoning
                            him, had raised him from the dead — transfigured
                            and glorified.

                          Where was our God during our national tragedy? Our
                            God in Christ was with us! With us in the hearts
                            of our grieving,
                            praying nation. With all working to alleviate suffering
                            of fellow citizens, neighbors, friends. With the
                            soot-covered, exhausted rescue workers. With the
                            firemen laying down
                            their lives.

                          The Jesuit poet Gerard Manley Hopkins in his poem “Kingfishers” catches
                            the mystery of our God’s presence to us in Christ,
                            especially in suffering:

                          For Christ plays in ten thousand places,
                          Lovely in limbs, and lovely in eyes not his
                          To the Father through the features of
                          men’s faces.

About 
        the author: Fr. Hauser is a professor theology, director 
        of the master's program in Christian Spirituality and rector of the Jesuit 
        Community at Creighton. He is also the author of several books, including 
        Finding God in Troubled Times: The Holy Spirit & Suffering.




profile


Richard J. Hauser, S.J. Personal
Profile

(Photograph by Don Doll, S.J.)
 For over 35 years, Fr. Hauser has celebrated a "Candlelight" 
    mass on Sunday evenings at 10 PM in St. Johns Church on Creighton's campus. 
     


Taken from Theologue, the Creighton Graduate Student Newsletter

by Gail Ritsch, graduate and former student
Students enrolled in the graduate theology program initially know Fr.Dick Hauser as the director of the program, the official point of contact,communication, and correspondence. Before long, students come to know Hauser as much more than a figure who merely represents officialdom; he becomes
advisor, mentor, friend, confidant, and coach. He is, in fact, the longtime
founder-patron of the graduate theology program and its students.

Hauser, the eldest of six children, was born, raised, and schooled in
Milwaukee, Wisconsin. After graduation from high school in 1955, he entered
the Society of Jesus and began the long, steady, and scholarly course that
leads a Jesuit not only to ordination, but to a variety of experiences and
tasks that intend to give greater glory to God. He was ordained in 1968,
when Vatican II's spirit of aggiornamento was beginning to take root within
the hearts, minds, and lives of the people of God. It is easy to see how
Hauser's current emphasis on human experience, dialog, and the Holy Spirit
could have been stimulated and nourished by the post-Vatican II theological
climate. The themes presented in all three of his main publications, In
His Spirit, Moving in the Spirit, and Finding God in Troubled Times, could
be described as representative of the spirit of Vatican II and a retrieval
of early Christian thought.

Hauser intended to become a high school history teacher, but his work
giving retreats for college students while teaching at St. Louis University
in the late 1960's set him on a different course of study and service: spirituality.
This interest took him to the Catholic University of America from which
he was awarded a Ph. D. in Religion and Religious Education in 1973. His
dissertation compared Abraham Maslow and Thomas Merton in their approaches
to religious experience. Everyone who takes a class with Hauser or reads
his books becomes familiar with ideas drawn from that dissertation: Maslow's
notion of "peak experience" and Merton's language of the "false
self' and the "true self." Among his main professional interests
he lists contemporary spirituality, discernment of spirits, mysticism, and
suffering.
Hauser has been teaching theology at Creighton since 1972. From 1978-90
he served as chair of the theology department, resuming the chair in May,
1996. From 1974-91 he served as a resident-student dormitory chaplain. His
courses in Personal Prayer and Dealing with Suffering are popular among
both undergraduate and graduate students. Currently, he is director of all
three master's degree programs: theology, ministry, and Christian Spirituality.
He served as Associate Director of the Christian Spirituality Program since
its inception twenty-three years ago, and became its director in 1994. Hauser
looks after all three of these graduate programs, and the students involved,
with more than administrative care. He truly enjoys getting to know students,
their life experience and career goals, and helping students overcome obstacles,
financial and otherwise, to a master's degree.
Hauser's role as educator extends beyond the immediate Creighton community.
His themes of finding God in daily life, personal prayer, and dealing with
suffering regularly take him away from the formal classroom. "I do
loads of adult education around the area and nationally . . . as a kind
of ambassador of Creighton to the outside world." He understands the
university as "a resource institution" and believes that "we
have a mission to serve the entire area and beyond." Giving retreats
for priests is another dimension of his work in spirituality that has developed
in recent years.
Graduate students may not be aware of the fact that Hauser regularly
presides at a special candlelight Mass every Sunday of the academic year
at 10:00 PM in St. John's Church. Furthermore, has been doing this since
1975. Approximately 250 students gather each Sunday night for this student-centered,
student-planned celebration, which Hauser very thoughtfully describes as
his "'most religious, most pastoral experience of the week."
Hauser routinely jogs a few miles through the neighborhood surrounding
Creighton's campus. "It's relaxing and it's good for me," he says.
He likes to read: "I have a pile of books," and usually winds
down after a long day by watching "Night-line" and a "Seinfeld"
rerun. He loves to travel, and tries to take time off in California at the
end of each summer. When he cannot get that far away, he gratefully settles
for a few hours or days in the countryside of Nebraska.
A quote from Merton (New Seeds of Contemplation) provides a fitting conclusion
to this profile as well as an apt description of the character and work
of Fr. Dick Hauser: "The highest vocation in the Kingdom of God is
that of sharing one's contemplation with others and bringing others to the
experimental knowledge of God. . . .The best you can do is write something
or say something that will serve as an occasion for someone else to realize
what God wants. . . ."

Go
    back to Theology Department. | Curriculum Vitae
    | Books | Workshops
    | Fr. Hauser's Home Page 





﻿



Richard J Hauser Biography











 













				Welcome Guest! Save up to 30-40% on most items with our awesome everyday discounts!
			

Newsletter    View Cart (0)  
			
			

Newsletter    View Cart (0)  
			
			

































All CategoriesAcademic
Atlanta Christian Warehouse
Audiobooks
Bible Accessories
Bible Covers
Bible Studies
Bibles
Black History
Boxed Cards
Candles
Christian Books
Christian Fiction
Church & Ministry
Church Supplies
DVDs & Videos
Electronics
Fashion & Clothing
Games
Gift & Home Decor
Health & Fitness
Homeschool
Jewelry
Kids Store
Music
Software
Spanish
Special Occasions 
Specialty Stores
VBS


Adult Coloring Books
Boxed Cards
Catholic
Graduation Gifts
Grieving
Improve Your Marriage
Mission Trips
Melissa & Doug
Teacher Appreciation


Are you local to the Atlanta area? Stop by our store in Suwanee, GA and browse our products. Since our store inventory differs from our online inventory, go to our Atlanta Christian Warehouse page or to DeeperCatalog.com to see what we have in stock.Churches are Welcome as we have a large selection of church supplies and our communion supply prices are typically much less than our competitors.







Home  > Richard J Hauser

Richard J Hauser BiographyHauser works at Creighton University as a professor of theology; the director of graduate programs in theology, ministry, and spirituality; and the rector of the Jesuit community.
Biography
Hauser works at Creighton University as a professor of theology; the director of graduate programs in theology, ministry, and spirituality; and the rector of the Jesuit community.
Products by Richard J Hauser Searching for ""...
There were no items matching your search options. Please try again!

Try making your search simpler by changing the words you are searching.

And be sure to checkout some of our great specials!!






 
Christian Jewelry

              Promises of love and faith...
              
 


Cross Rings
Promise Rings
Purity Rings


 







Bestselling Categories
Cross Jewelry,
              Cross Necklaces,
              Christian Bracelets,
              Christian Necklaces,
              Christian Watches

Hotpick! - Jingle Heart Necklace


 
 
Christian Gifts

              Gifts for treasured loved ones...
              
 


Christian Mugs
Christian Baby
Pocket Bibles


 







Bestselling Gift Ideas
Gifts for Him,
              Gifts for Her,
              Amazing Grace,
              Faith Gifts,
              Footprints Gifts,
              Serenity Prayer Gifts

Hotpick! - Gift Ideas for Christmas


 
 
Church Supplies

              Nurturing the body of Christ...
              
 


Communion
Baptism
Church Bulletins


 







Essential Church Supplies
Anointing Oil,
              Congregation Candles,
              Robes,
              Offering Envelopes,
              Sunday School,
              Usher Badgers,
              VBS

Hotpick! - Celebration Cups!




 
Are You Richard J Hauser?
If you are the author, musician, actor or artisan, then visit our Artisan Biography Center. 
You can update your biography, include an image, even post your homepage, twitter and facebook links. You can also help improve our service by suggesting improvements and updates to your product descriptions.
					For more information on Richard J Hauser be sure to checkout their books, music and/or other products.





All CategoriesAcademic
Atlanta Christian Warehouse
Audiobooks
Bible Accessories
Bible Covers
Bible Studies
Bibles
Black History
Boxed Cards
Candles
Christian Books
Christian Fiction
Church & Ministry
Church Supplies
DVDs & Videos
Electronics
Fashion & Clothing
Games
Gift & Home Decor
Health & Fitness
Homeschool
Jewelry
Kids Store
Music
Software
Spanish
Special Occasions 
Specialty Stores
VBS


Adult Coloring Books
Boxed Cards
Catholic
Graduation Gifts
Grieving
Improve Your Marriage
Mission Trips
Melissa & Doug
Teacher Appreciation


Are you local to the Atlanta area? Stop by our store in Suwanee, GA and browse our products. Since our store inventory differs from our online inventory, go to our Atlanta Christian Warehouse page or to DeeperCatalog.com to see what we have in stock.Churches are Welcome as we have a large selection of church supplies and our communion supply prices are typically much less than our competitors.










About DeeperShopping
Account & Orders
Track My Orders 
My Account 
Gift Certificates

Email Newsletters
Subscribe Email 
Unsubscribe Email


Help
Help Center

Returning Products 

Email Customer Service

Resources
Link To Us
Homeschool Brands
Sitemap


Artisan Profiles
Christian Authors
Christian Music Artists
Artisan Biography Center


DeeperShopping Books

Toll-Free 1-888-433-3788  
                             Weekdays 10am thru 5pm EST
                             International  +1-678-546-9300   

Corporate Address
                             4280 Brogdon Exchange, Suite B
                             Suwanee, GA 30024










About DeeperShopping
Account & Orders
Track My Orders 
My Account 
Gift Certificates

Email Newsletters
Subscribe Email 
Unsubscribe Email


Help
Help Center

Returning Products 

Email Customer Service

Resources
Link To Us
Homeschool Brands
Sitemap


Make Money With Us
Become an Affiliate
Sell Your Ebooks

Artisan Profiles
Christian Authors
Christian Music Artists
Artisan Biography Center







DeeperShopping Books
Toll-Free 1-888-433-3788  
        Weekdays 10am thru 5pm EST
        International  +1-678-546-9300   


Corporate Address
        4280 Brogdon Exchange, Suite B
        Suwanee, GA 30024











About DeeperShopping
Account & Orders
Track My Orders 
My Account 
Gift Certificates

Email Newsletters
Subscribe Email 
Unsubscribe Email
Help
Help Center

Returning Products 

Email Customer Service

Resources
Link To Us
Homeschool Brands
Sitemap
Make Money With Us
Become an Affiliate
Sell Your Ebooks

Artisan Profiles
Christian Authors
Christian Music Artists
Artisan Biography Center
DeeperShopping Books
Toll-Free 1-888-433-3788  
               Weekdays 10am - 5pm EST
               International  +1-678-546-9300   
Corporate Address
              4280 Brogdon Exchange, Suite B
              Suwanee, GA 30024



















Hauser Richard J. Jr Atty.                                                                                               - Freeport                                          , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Freeport



Legal Services



General Practice Attorney, Lawyer



                            Hauser Richard J. Jr Atty.
                                    



 





















H 


Hauser Richard J. Jr Atty.                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1923 MIDDLEBURY RD FREEPORT, IL 61032
Get Directions



(815) 232-6125
 





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries General Practice Attorney, Lawyer
 Contacts V Hauser                                                                                                                







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hauser Richard J. Jr Atty.                                                                                               was founded in 2009, and is located at 1923 Middlebury Rd in Freeport. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting V Hauser                                                                                                                 at (815) 232-6125. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Books













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks














































































Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop




Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop






Shop by Category



More Ways to Shop










Arts & Photography







Biographies & Memoirs







Children's Books







Cookbooks, Food & Wine







History







Literature & Fiction







Mystery & Suspense







Romance







Sci-Fi & Fantasy







Teens & Young Adult









Amazon Charts







Customer Favorites







100 Books to Read







Award Winners







From Page to Screen







Start a New Series







Book Club Picks







Kindle eBooks







Textbooks







Audible










Books Home
























































































More from the Amazon Book Editors












Best Books of the Month




  
  Top 10





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Kids & Teens Books





  
  Mystery & Thriller




See all categories










Celebrity Picks




  
  John Grisham





  
  William Shatner





  
  Dennis Lehane





  
  Greg Iles




See all Celebrity Picks










Summer Reading




  
  Fiction





  
  Beach reads





  
  New in Paperback




See all










Best Books of 2017 So Far




  
  Top 20





  
  Children's Books





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Mysteries & Thrillers




See all










Books Bestsellers

						See more
					




Previous page






The Silmarillion













	J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,086



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








Days Without End: A Novel













	Sebastian Barry, Aidan Kelly...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



115



$24.47 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.95  








From Sand and Ash


Amy Harmon

		Kindle Edition
	



1,427



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.49  








Betrayal of Trust: A J. P. Beaumont...


J. A. Jance

		Kindle Edition
	



350



$25.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








A Criminal Defense


Jr William L. Myers

		Kindle Edition
	



3,091



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Miracle of Dunkirk: The True...


Walter Lord

		Kindle Edition
	



241



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.51  








Everything We Keep: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



10,566



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Letter: The #1 Bestseller that...













	Kathryn Hughes




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,079



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Ready Player One













	Ernest Cline, Wil Wheaton...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



12,549



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  








The Hangman's Daughter













	Oliver Pötzsch, Lee Chadeayne




	
		Kindle Edition
	



3,994



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.49  








To the Hilt


Dick Francis

		Kindle Edition
	



129



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel


Mark Sullivan

		Kindle Edition
	



5,829



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Camino Island: A Novel


John Grisham

		Kindle Edition
	



1,863



$28.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








The Old Man













	Thomas Perry, Peter Berkrot...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



330



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  








Beautiful Broken Rules


Kimberly Lauren

		Kindle Edition
	



827



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger













	Stephen King, George Guidall...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



3,149



$18.89 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  


Next page












Books Hot New Releases

						See more
					




Previous page






Little Boy Lost


J. D. Trafford

		Kindle Edition
	



449



$4.99  








A Beautiful Poison


Lydia Kang

		Kindle Edition
	



293



$4.99  








Secondborn (Secondborn Series Book 1)


Amy A. Bartol

		Kindle Edition
	



606



$4.99  








The Sky Below: A True Story of...


Susy Flory, Scott Parazynski

		Kindle Edition
	



161



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Kings of Broken Things


Theodore Wheeler

		Kindle Edition
	



51



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Late Show


Michael Connelly

		Kindle Edition
	



190



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Stillhouse Lake


Rachel Caine

		Kindle Edition
	



3,104



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Son of the Cursed Bear













	T. S. Joyce




	
		Kindle Edition
	



54



$0.99  








Beautiful Mistake













	Vi Keeland, Jessica Royer Ocken




	
		Kindle Edition
	



313



$3.99  








Swink


Adriana Locke

		Kindle Edition
	



304



$3.99  








Chasing Excellence: A Story About...


Ben Bergeron

		Paperback
	



10



$15.99  









Everything We Left Behind: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



258



$4.99  








NO EXIT a gripping thriller full of...


TAYLOR ADAMS

		Kindle Edition
	



242



$2.99  








I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons













	Kevin Hart, Neil Strauss - contributor...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



280



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Fractured Love: A Standalone...


Ella James

		Kindle Edition
	



172



$0.99  








Dangerous


Milo Yiannopoulos

		Hardcover
	



835



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.00  









Hungry Girl Clean & Hungry OBSESSED!













	Lisa Lillien




	
		Paperback
	

$21.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.49  









The X-Files: Cold Cases













	Joe Harris, Chris Carter...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



15



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








Harem: An MFMM Romance


Alexis Angel, Abby Angel

		Kindle Edition
	



116



$0.99  








Forever Surprised: Forever Bluegrass #6













	Kathleen Brooks




	
		Kindle Edition
	



9



$2.99  


Next page












Most Wished For in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Before We Were Yours: A Novel


Lisa Wingate

		Kindle Edition
	



418



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck...


Mark Manson

		Hardcover
	



1,605



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.93  









Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Kindle Edition
	



7,560



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.99  








Finding Your Colors: Fine Art Adult...


Hertz Nazaire

		Paperback
	



10



$9.99  









Harry Potter and the Prisoner of...













	J.K. Rowling, Jim Kay




	
		Hardcover
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.99  









Astrophysics for People in a Hurry


Neil deGrasse Tyson

		Hardcover
	



806



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.37  









Q&A a Day: 5-Year Journal


Potter Style

		Diary
	



1,429



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.46  









The Identicals: A Novel


Elin Hilderbrand

		Kindle Edition
	



332



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Kindle Edition
	



41



$13.99  








A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel


Amor Towles

		Kindle Edition
	



3,500



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








The Missing Ones: An absolutely...


Patricia Gibney

		Kindle Edition
	



1,352



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Quantum Physics for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



161



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.55  









Rocket Science for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



12



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.54  









Pandemic (The Extinction Files Book 1)


A.G. Riddle

		Kindle Edition
	



968



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








You Are a Badass: How to Stop...


Jen Sincero

		Paperback
	



2,578



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  



Next page












Most Gifted in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






First 100 Words


Roger Priddy

		Board book
	



6,924



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Giraffes Can't Dance


Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees

		Board book
	



3,054



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.33  









Blindsided: The True Story of One...


James L. Ferraro

		Hardcover
	



9



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.62  









Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book


Rod Campbell

		Board book
	



2,304



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.15  










Goodnight Moon













	Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd




	
		Board book
	



2,935



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.32  









Puppy Birthday to You!













	Golden Books, Fabrizio Petrossi




	
		Hardcover
	



1,195



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.92  










The Very Hungry Caterpillar


Eric Carle

		Board book
	



3,079



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.86  










The Going-To-Bed Book


Sandra Boynton

		Board book
	



2,287



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  










Dr. Seuss's Happy Birthday, Baby!













	Dr. Seuss, Jan Gerardi




	
		Hardcover
	



460



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?













	Bill Martin Jr., Eric Carle




	
		Board book
	



2,469



$7.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.85  









The Wonderful Things You Will Be













	Emily Winfield Martin




	
		Hardcover
	



1,190



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.12  









If Animals Kissed Good Night













	Ann Whitford Paul, David Walker




	
		Board book
	



880



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  









Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)













	Bill Martin Jr., John Archambault...




	
		Board book
	



2,380



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.03  










Love You Forever


Robert Munsch, Sheila McGraw

		Paperback
	



5,957



$5.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  










Dragons Love Tacos


Adam Rubin, Daniel Salmieri

		Hardcover
	



1,838



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.69  









Al Franken, Giant of the Senate


Al Franken

		Hardcover
	



834



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.80  









She Persisted: 13 American Women Who...













	Chelsea Clinton, Alexandra Boiger




	
		Hardcover
	



259



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.19  










Little Blue Truck board book


Alice Schertle, Jill McElmurry

		Board book
	



3,237



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.05  









The Pout-Pout Fish


Deborah Diesen, Dan Hanna

		Board book
	



1,829



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.26  









Where Is Baby's Belly Button? A...


Karen Katz

		Board book
	



1,678



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.51  



Next page





























































































































Popular in BooksAward WinnersBargain BooksBest Books of the MonthBest Books of 2017 So FarBooks in SpanishChildren's BooksDeals in BooksSummer ReadingMore in Books100 Books to Read in a LifetimeAmazon Book Review BlogAmazon Books on FacebookAmazon Books on TwitterAmazon KindleKindle eBooksKindle DealsKindle UnlimitedSpanish Kindle eBooksTextbooksTextbooks StoreTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BooksKindle eTextbooks 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyCalendarsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpSports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelRefine byFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeDigital Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorVi KeelandJohn ConroeNora RobertsLauren BlakelyDanielle SteelKatherine Lowry LoganPatricia GibneySee moreBook SeriesDetective Lottie ParkerClassic NotebooksThe Extinction FilesWomen's Murder ClubWorld of Warcraft: ChronicleSea Breeze Meets Rosemary BeachD&D Core RulebookSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishRussianChineseJapaneseSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalMan Booker PrizeNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizeHugo & Nebula AwardsEisner AwardPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock


Featured StoresFeatured StoresThe New York Times® Best SellersChina BooksLibros en EspañolStationery, Journals & Notebooks 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







Hauser Richard J Jr Attorney in Freeport, Illinois with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFreeport, ILHauser Richard J Jr AttorneyFreeport, IL Hauser Richard J Jr AttorneyAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Find Attorneys at No CostA 98.7% Client Satisfaction Rating.100% Private and Fully Confidentialwww.LegalMatch.com/LocalFind a Family Law LawyerCriminal DefenseTalk to a LawyerWills, Trusts & EstatesPersonal Injury AttorneysFind a Local LawyerAll Types - We have a legal expert!Call Now!www.services-connect.comDivorceEmploymentPersonal InjuryCriminal DefenseBankruptcyAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Richard J Hauser Jr Law50 W Douglas St Ste 300Freeport, IL 61032(815) 235-1515AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Hauser Jr, Richard J483 Rolling Hills CtFreeport, IL 61032(815) 232-6125AttorneysBusinesses in related categories to AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. National Tax DebtServing the Freeport Area.(866) 404-1618Taxes-Consultants & RepresentativesWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Helping you settle your back taxes with the IRS.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. eLocal Lawyers(1)Serving the Freeport Area.(877) 539-3697AttorneysLegal Consultants-MedicalWebsiteMore InfoGot answered by who calling D×× I asked are you an atonnory referrereal program no bye exact words it was a lady on 5-10-15 @5:00 pmAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Dworkin & Maciariello134 N La Salle StChicago, IL 60602(866) 312-7995AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Have you been injured at work? Call now to speak with an experienced workers compensation attorney for a free case review.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. The Tax Resolvers©Serving the Freeport Area.(866) 779-3904AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: The Tax Resolvers © solves tax problems!We specialize in working directly with the IRS to resolve back taxes and the problems associated. We can negotiate tax lie…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. Personal Injury PlaceServing the Freeport Area.(866) 655-8223AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Free personal injury case evaluation + Free case review by a local attorney+ Find out if you can get compensation for your injury+ 100% confidential and no obliga…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. Injury HelpLine®Serving the Freeport Area.(866) 400-6476AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Categories: Personal Injury, Auto Accident Attorney and other Vehicle Accident General Info Get connected to a local attorney for free. If you have been injured i…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. AAA Tax ReliefServing the Freeport Area.(877) 274-0328AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: We are a full service tax resolution firm. Call today and speak with a friendly tax analyst.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. Arena & AssociatesServing the Freeport Area.(877) 216-9566AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Arena & Associates are expert tax advisors who specialize in tax resolution, negotiation, and settlement. We assist clients with their complex tax liabilities. Ou…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED11. Community Legal SolutionsServing the Freeport Area.(888) 280-0993AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteContact UsMore InfoFrom Business: Everyday, situations are legal ones and Community Legal Solutions is your one-stop shop for your family's needs. We have a nationwide network of "A-rated" attorne…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED12. TVC Pro DriverServing the Freeport Area.(877) 623-3533AttorneysTraffic Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: TVC has been in business for over 20 years. We specialize in fighting your moving and non-moving violations in court for you. We have over 700,000 commercial driv…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED13. Attorneys Collectors & Investigators(37)Serving the Freeport Area.(888) 258-5298Collection AgenciesSkip TracingWebsiteVideoMore InfoThank you Manuel!!! Received today check for $2,500.00 5 stars to you and your team for a very good service!!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED14. Legal Aid Legal Services Corp.BBB Rating: A+Serving the Freeport Area.(888) 877-7150AttorneysLegal ClinicsWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Some services can be free if you qualify. We Service all 50 states.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED15. LegalFoxServing the Freeport Area.(888) 981-8587AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Legal Fox helps you find a local attorney for your needs. Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. A TRAFFIC TICKET ATTORNEYS CALIFORNIA & NATIONWIDE(36)Serving the Freeport Area.(877) 787-2334AttorneysTraffic Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoI can not thank Traffic Ticket Defenders enough. Their staff Julie and Jessica were extremely helpful and professional. It was such a pleasure to wo…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED17. Lawyers Funding GroupServing the Freeport Area.Personal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteLearn MoreServicesMore InfoVisit our websitelawyersfundinggroupllc.comAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED18. 24/7 Legal(3)1405 Dreshertown RdDresher, PA 19025(888) 659-7710AttorneysTransportation Law AttorneysWebsiteContact UsDirectionsMore InfoCalling into George Sinks office was  very pleasant experience although they weren't able to help with my particular situation they made sure I went…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED19. Silver Tax Group(28)Serving the Freeport Area.(800) 201-3187Tax AttorneysWebsiteVideoMore InfoI came across this firm "blind" by Googling my particular tax issue.  Because I live far from their main office, our initial contact was through e-m…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collectionPREFERRED20. Collection Attorney Firm(7)Serving the Freeport Area.(888) 977-0149Collection AgenciesSkip TracingWebsiteVideoMore InfoYou guys are great we will definitely be using your services again!  We really appreciate your hard work with our account!​Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Hampilos & Langley Limited Attorney308 W State StRockford, IL 61101(815) 962-0044AttorneysBusiness Law AttorneysDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Hampilos & Langley, Ltd. is a multi-dimensional firm offering legal services in all areas of civil litigation. We are committed to practicing law at the highest l…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. Tungate Mark Attorney400 N Main StFlora, IL 62839(618) 508-4753AttorneysDUI & DWI AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Workers' Compensation; Bankruptcy; Personal Injury; Criminal Law; Worker's Compensation; Criminal & DUI; Above Cases Handled On A Percentage Basis.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. Sabers Robert Attorney At Law3003 Asbury Rd Ste 1Dubuque, IA 52001(877) 796-1993AttorneysBusiness Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: For over 20 years, attorney Robert Sabers has been helping the people of Dubuque and the surrounding areas with their legal needs. Mr. Sabers services include but…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. Gilloon Wright & Hamel PC770 Main StDubuque, IA 52001(888) 802-4913AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your community collection!Error when adding to community collectionThis business was removed from the community collection25. State Attorney15 N Galena AveFreeport, IL 61032(815) 235-8279Justice CourtsState GovernmentWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection26. Slattery Robert K10 N Galena Ave Ste 210aFreeport, IL 61032(815) 235-4100Civil Litigation & Trial Law AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection27. Frost, Kevin, JDFreeport, IL 61032(815) 232-7500Legal Service PlansAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection28. Jones TracyFreeport 61032Freeport, IL 61032(815) 233-9500AttorneysWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection29. Jim Black & Jones Atty at LawFreeport 61032Freeport, IL 61032(815) 233-9500Employee Benefits & Worker...Find Attorneys at No CostA 98.7% Client Satisfaction Rating.100% Private and Fully Confidentialwww.LegalMatch.com/LocalFind a Family Law LawyerCriminal DefenseTalk to a LawyerWills, Trusts & EstatesPersonal Injury AttorneysFind a Local LawyerAll Types - We have a legal expert!Call Now!www.services-connect.comDivorceEmploymentPersonal InjuryCriminal DefenseBankruptcyMap ViewSponsoredHampilos & Langley Limited Attorney308 W State St, Rockford, IL 61101(815) 962-0044DirectionsMore InfoCommunity Legal SolutionsServing the Freeport area.(888) 280-0993We can help! Contact us today.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoTVC Pro DriverServing the Freeport area.(877) 623-3533WebsiteMore InfoLegalFoxServing the Freeport area.(888) 981-8587Find a Local AttorneyWebsiteMore InfoA TRAFFIC TICKET ATTORNEYS CALIFORNIA & NATIONWIDE(36)Serving the Freeport area.(877) 787-2334Commercial - Taxi - DUI - Or ANY Driver, California & NationwideWebsiteMore Info24/7 LegalServing the Freeport area.(888) 659-7710WebsiteContact UsMore Info24/7 Legal(3)Serving the Freeport area.(888) 659-7710Need A Lawyer?  Call 24/7 Legal.  Get Help Now.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoLegal Aid Legal Services Corp.Serving the Freeport area.(888) 877-7150WebsiteMore InfoSabers Robert Attorney At LawServing the Freeport area.(877) 796-1993WebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback











 




Hauser Richard J DPM in Cary, NC -  (919) 481-3...

































































FIND LOCAL:






 
 
 
 
 
 







Search








Near




























Trending Articles in Your Area







What Health Insurance Plans are Available for College Students?

Read More











How Unemployed Workers Can Get Health Insurance

Read More











When Do You Need to Invest in Life Insurance?

Read More











How Buying the Right Kind of Insurance Coverage Can Protect You

Read More











5 Unnecessary Insurance Policies That Are Wasting Your Money

Read More





















Home

		 > 
			
NC

		 > 
			
Cary

		 > 
			
Insurance

		
	 > Hauser Richard J DPM
	





Claim Your Listing




Hauser Richard J DPM










Print
				



Share
				










See All




Serving in  Cary, NC 27518  (919) 481-3338










Related Businesses in category: Insurance








                            Healthmarkets Insurance -...
                        


                        1.0 MI
                    





                        1221 Cedar Creek Dr
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27513




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        1.1 MI
                    





                        1022 Ryan Rd
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27511




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        1.4 MI
                    





                        1252 Nw Maynard Rd
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27513




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        1.6 MI
                    





                        744 E Chatham St Ste G
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27511




                            Insurance Doctor Of Cary
                        


                        1.2 MI
                    





                        169 Se Cary Pkwy
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27511




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        3.0 MI
                    





                        218 Towne Village Dr
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27513




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        2.3 MI
                    





                        543 Keisler Dr Ste 202
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27518




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        2.3 MI
                    





                        301 Pinner Weald Way Ste 101
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27513




                            Brightway, The Ganim Agen...
                        


                        2.1 MI
                    





                        2456 Sw Cary Pkwy
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27513




                            Allstate Insurance Agent:...
                        


                        3.1 MI
                    





                        1105 Tryon Village Dr Ste 304
                    

                        Cary,
                        NC
                        27518














 






























Reviews


More Info










				Ratings






Overall (0)












				Write A Review




					Rating




















					Review Title






				180 characters left




				Review



				3000 characters left









					Photos

					Select a Photo From Your Computer

					Select photos on your computer to add to your review. You can upload 5 photos at a time. You can upload JPG, GIF or PNG files that are up to 4 MB.
					
				

Upload Photos










Browse










Browse










Browse










Browse










Browse







CANCEL


Start Upload











					Videos

					Select videos on your computer to add to your review. You can upload 1 video in .3gp, .asf, .avi, .flv, .mov, .mp4, .mpg, .vob, .wmv format, which is up to 5 minutes in length.

Upload Video










Browse







CANCEL


Start Upload











					Post My Review on















Clear







			Creating your review...



			Please wait while your review is being saved.






				Success!

				Your review has been posted.











Other Reviews
	





There Are No Ratings For This Business. 
















Is This Your Business?
Tell potential customers more about your business.



Claim This Page

Already claimed this page? Log in


















Advertisement








More about local.com Features







Email Sign Up
Stay connected and up-to-date in your world. Tap into new events, deals and special opportunities only for Local.com members.












Socialize With Us












Site Map |
                
							Atlanta |
						
							Austin |
						
							Boston |
						
							Chicago |
						
							Dallas |
						
							Denver |
						
							Detroit |
						
							Honolulu |
						
							Houston |
						
							Los Angeles |
						
							Miami |
						
							Minneapolis |
						
							New York |
						
							Philadelphia |
						 
Portland |
						
							Sacramento |
						
							San Diego |
						
							San Francisco |
						
							San Jose |
						
							Seattle |
						
							Washington |
						
                More Cities










Copyright 2017 Local.com Ltd - US Patent 7,231,405 
		- Privacy Policy 
		- Terms of Service
		Advertise with Us - Claim Your Business Listing
		- Contact Us
		- FAQ
		- Site Map
		- Some data provided by Acxiom.
	

       


















Cary, NC insurance | Find insurance in Cary, NC



















































Search








Near


















         Showing results for insurance in Los Angeles, CA. Change the location and click search above to update results
	






Home

		 > 
			
NC

		 > 
			
Cary

		
	 > Insurance
	

 
	        insurance in Cary, NC
        









 






Everett Insurance Brokers Inc


302 Davis Grove Cir Ste 6014, 
Cary, NC
                                  
        
map

more






View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 234-2596









Wooten ED Agency Inc


150 Iowa Ln, 
Cary, NC
                                  
        
map

more






View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 380-9700









Simpson Insurance Agency Inc


120 New Edition Ct, 
Cary, NC
                                  
        
map

more






View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 481-9015









Crocker Daniel T Insurance Agency


103 New Edition Ct, 
Cary, NC
                                  
        
map

more






View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 460-6147









Trapp Mims Insurance Group


1135 Kildaire Farm Rd Ste 307, 
Cary, NC
                                  
        
map

more






View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 794-4538









Allstate Insurance Agent: ProVest Insurance Group, LLC


218 Towne Village Dr, 
Cary, NC
                                  
        
map

            Contact my Agency to get a Quick, Personalized Insurance Quote Today!  A great rate is just a call or cli...
            more






View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 466-9400








State Farm



Serving 
Cary, NC



more


more info
|



phone


 (866) 276-1219

















Nationwide Insurance


103 New Edition Ct, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 460-6145







Insurance Direct


1135 Kildaire Farm Rd Ste 200, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 228-4482







Nationwide Insurance


104 Fountain Brook Cir Ste B, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 467-1559







Bowen Insurance Agency Inc.


1143 Executive Cir Ste G, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 852-0044







Woomer Protective Insurance


103 Brady Ct, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 380-1776







Allstate Insurance Agent: Daniel Morrison


123 Weston Pkwy Ste 14, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

                    Contact my Agency to get a Quick, Personalized Insurance Quote Today!  A great rate is just a call or cli...
                    more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 336-2294







Allstate Insurance Agent: Steve Moore


1105 Tryon Village Dr Ste 304, 
Cary, NC
                                          
                
map

                    Contact my Agency to get a Quick, Personalized Insurance Quote Today!  A great rate is just a call or cli...
                    more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (919) 851-0624







Protective Auto Insurance Agency, Inc.


400 N Walnut St, 
Lumberton, NC
                                          
                
map

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (855) 201-0067







GEICO


Serving 
Cary, NC
                                          
                

more





View Reviews



more info
|



phone

 (877) 294-7187













 


Displaying 1-10 of 1241 results

Prev
1
2
3
Next

Page 1 of 125















Cary
Clouds





                78.58° F
            

OpenWeatherMap








Advertisement






Top Trending Articles




What Health Insurance Plans are Available for...

								Learn about various health insurance for college studen...
								more


 




How Unemployed Workers Can Get Health Insuran...

								When a person faces unemployment, it is important that ...
								more


 




When Do You Need to Invest in Life Insur...

								Learn more about purchasing life insurance. Read more t...
								more


 




How Buying the Right Kind of Insurance Covera...

								Read more about the importance of selecting the right k...
								more


 




5 Unnecessary Insurance Policies That Are Was...

								Insurance is important, but some types of insurance are...
								more


 








Advertisement





Advertisement














Advertisement








More about local.com Features







Email Sign Up
Stay connected and up-to-date in your world. Tap into new events, deals and special opportunities only for Local.com members.












Socialize With Us















Business Top Searches

Restaurants
Dentists
Plumbers



Recently Added Coupons

Restaurants/Fast Food
Auto
Shopping



Top Cities


Los Angeles, CA
New York, NY 
Chicago, IL 










Copyright 2017 Local.com Ltd - US Patent 7,231,405 
		- Privacy Policy 
		- Terms of Service
		Advertise with Us - Claim Your Business Listing
		- Contact Us
		- FAQ
		- Site Map
		- Some data provided by Acxiom.
	


       






















HAUSER RICHARD J JR ATTORNEY Freeport IL, 61032 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Hauser Richard J JR Attorney
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Hauser Richard J JR Attorney



204 W Stephenson St

Freeport,
							
							
							 IL
							
							
							 61032-4325
							
							 |  view map


(815) 235-1515

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

HAUSER RICHARD J JR ATTORNEY in Freeport, IL.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

James Community Funeral Home Inc


Matterhorn Filter Corp


Elco Lighting Inc


Mastey DE Paris Inc


Moran & Sons Construction


Markve Bill & Associates


Universal Technical Institute Inc


Ace Parker Tires Inc


Michelin


Maricopa Metals Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory!�It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Hauser Richard J JR Attorney
Rate Hauser Richard J JR Attorney on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Hauser Richard J JR Attorney
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











� 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies �



Recently
					Updated Companies

J & J REFRIGERATION & HEATING
STUTTGART BEARING
CITY OF SULLIGENT CITY HALL
AQUATURBO SYSTEMS INC
ORTHOPEDIC CLINIC OF EAST ALABAMA PC
WESCHE CO OF ARKANSAS INC
JOY ENTERPRISES
JACKSON COUNTY OIL CO INC
PERFORMANCE AUTOMOTIVE GROUP
MCCARTNEY MICHAEL R DCPC

More
								Recently Updated Companies �



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
STINGER WELDING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies �



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Richard J Hauser - Plainfield, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richard J Hauser in Plainfield, NJ


Richard J Hauser

                                                                           Intelius found that Richard J Hauser  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Plainfield, NJ.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Rich  Hauser


Get Report Now

Age

Richard J Hauser is in his 50s

Richard Has Lived In

Plainfield, NJ
Syracuse, NY
East Brunswick, NJ

Richard's Relatives

Helen Hauser
Robert Hauser
Henry Hauser
Harold Hauser







Richard J Hauser



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Information Technology Director at Rand Diversified



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richard? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richard, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richard J Hauser
Get a Criminal Check on Richard J Hauser
Get a Public Record Report on Richard J Hauser
Get a People Search Report on Richard J Hauser


Richard J Hauser's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richard J Hauser has lived as well as Richard J Hauser's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richard J Hauser Has Lived in 3 States
New Jersey Address for Richard J Hauser


465 T***** A** 

Plainfield, NJ


Has Lived In

Plainfield, NJ
Syracuse, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richard J Hauser

(732) ***-**** - Edison, NJ 
(908) ***-**** - Cameron, LA 
(973) ***-**** - Glen Ridge, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richard J Hauser

m*******d@***.com
m*******d@***.com
m*******d@***.net


Get Email Report




Richard J Hauser's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Richard J Hauser's academic history.  Find out which schools Richard J Hauser attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Richard J Hauser received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard J Hauser Has Attended 1 School
Glen Ridge High School 1979 – 1983                              


Richard J Hauser's Professional Information
Information regarding Richard J Hauser's professional history.  Find out previous places Richard J Hauser has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard J Hauser Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Rand Diversified
               Title: Information Technology Director
Richard J Hauser's Experience
Title: Information Technology Director
               Company: Rand Diversified
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25. We pride ourselves in our ability to break down the silos that exist within our customers' thought processes and the systems themselves. This allows us to develop solutions that lower overall costs while increasing operational efficiencies. From concept to distribution, we manage and lead the entire process with innovative thinking, outstanding creativity, and world-class service. This is the path to greater success. This is the Rand Diversified advantage! Where we've been:boschEstablished in 1972 as a purely POP-focused display company, Rand Display has provided solutions to the nation's leading consumer product goods, personal product goods, and OTC pharmaceutical companies for almost four decades. In 2004, Rand opened its flagship state-of-the-art co-packing and fulfillment facility, Rand Direct, located in Edison, NJ. With over 360,000 SF dedicated to supply chain management solutions, Rand Direct quickly became the industry leader in speed-to-market turnkey contract packaging solutions. At the request of clients, Rand Direct established a Midwest presence in 2006 with the opening of our Granite City, IL facility, just outside St. Louis MO. Working in tandem, the Display and Direct divisions flourished and grew. In 2008, both entities were formally combined to form Rand Diversified, a privately owned, full-service contract and at-retail marketing solutions company that prides itself on outstanding service. From concept to distribution, we offer a complete spectrum of integrated services that work together to deliver truly outstanding results-complete with a level of customer care and attention to detail that is superior in the industry. Where we're going:While our highly creative and engaging solutions have won many awards, it is the effectiveness of our work that keeps clients coming back. Rand Direct is a full service contract packaging company that provides the highest quality in production, customer service and logistics. Our growth and success have been based on providing clients with reliable contract packaging services and products. We offer low cost innovative solutions to a wide variety of industries. Rand Direct is committed to your business success and our goal is to create and maintain long term effective relationships by delivering projects on time and on budget. We offer custom and contract packaging services for a wide variety of products and industries. Teamed with Rand Display International, POP display innovators since 1972, we offer the finest in creative display design. Our turnkey programs include services from packaging design to direct customer shipping.
Additional Professional Information on Richard J Hauser

 See Richard J Hauser's LinkedIn Profile



Richard J Hauser's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richard J Hauser


Richard J Hauser's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richard J Hauser's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richard Hauser
Username Matches

                  RichardHauser
                  HauserRichard
                  Richard.Hauser
                  Hauser.Richard
                  Richard_Hauser
                  Hauser_Richard
                  Richard-Hauser
                  Hauser-Richard
                  RHauser
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Hauser







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











