

Henderson Global Investors (north America) Inc.                                                                          - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Henderson Global Investors (north America) Inc.
                                    



 





















H 


Henderson Global Investors (north America) Inc.                                                                         



737 N MICHIGAN AVE # 1700 CHICAGO, IL 60611
Get Directions



(312) 397-1122
 





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated CT
 Annual Revenue $13,944,025.00
 Employee Count 28
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts James O'Brien                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


This company operates in the Investment advisory service.









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    --

                                                
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 




Henderson Global Investors Inc 737 N Michigan Ave Chicago, IL Investment Management - MapQuest







































































































    Henderson Global Investors Inc
  

737 N Michigan Ave

Chicago
IL
60611




 Reviews



(312) 397-1122
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Henderson Global Investors is a leading investment manager that provide a range of investment products and services to institutions and individuals in Asia, Europe and North America. The company focuses on investment management and manufactures a range of investment products for institutional and retail investors throughout multiple asset classes, including equities, fixed income, private equity and property. Beneath the company s processes is a risk-control framework to ensure that investment views are translated into portfolios managed in line with investors  risk and return requirements. Founded in 1934, Henderson Global Investors has had a presence in North America since 1999 when it acquired the real estate investment management company Phoenix Realty Advisers. The company maintains offices in Chicago.
          






















Legal






Help
























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.

























 



 Henderson Global Investors Launches All Asset Fund 
         










    










 






 











 









Henderson Global Investors Launches All Asset Fund

		  Offering global investment opportunities through dynamic asset allocation
		

Mar 30, 2012, 08:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


CHICAGO, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. has launched the Henderson All Asset Fund (Tickers: HGAAX, HGACX, HGAIX). The Fund seeks to achieve long-term growth of capital with lower volatility through flexible asset allocation across a wide range of asset classes around the world.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120316/NY71105LOGO)
"We believe there has never been a better time to invest in a Fund that gives its portfolio managers the ability to dynamically allocate assets in response to the ever-changing economic environment that investors currently face," said Chuck Thompson, Director of US Retail at Henderson Global Investors.  "We believe that our approach offers investors a robust, all-weather portfolio, combining dynamic asset allocation, diversified portfolio construction and efficient implementation of investment ideas."
The Henderson All Asset Fund is structured as a multi-asset portfolio which has the ability to invest in a broad range of traditional and alternative asset classes, including equities, bonds, property, private equity, commodities, currency and cash.  The Fund is co-managed by Bill McQuaker and Chris Paine, an established, award-winning management team with 43 years of combined investment management experience.
"As co-managers, Bill and Chris offer investors the best of both worlds," said Thompson.  "Bill looks at the world from a qualitative perspective through the lens of his years of asset allocation experience, while Chris adds rigorous systematic analysis to the process.  We believe this complementary approach leads to a truly differentiated investment strategy."
McQuaker, with more than 26 years of experience in the investment management industry, currently serves as Henderson's Head of Multi-Asset, Head of Multi-Manager and a member of the Fixed Income Investment Strategy Group. Paine has more than 17 years of industry experience and joined Henderson in 2000 from NPI Asset Management where he was a Quantitative Analyst.  He also serves as the Co-Lead Manager of the Henderson Diversified Growth Strategy and the Henderson Diversified Growth Funds.
McQuaker and Paine, along with the Henderson Diversified Growth Team, were recently awarded the Multi-Asset Manager of the Year 2011 Award by The UK Pensions Awards 2011, which is run by Professional Pensions(1). 
About Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. 
Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. ("Henderson") is the US subsidiary of Henderson Group plc, a London-based global investment management firm established in 1934. With $99.9 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2011, offices in 16 countries and approximately 1000 employees worldwide, Henderson Group follows a client-led philosophy while providing its institutional, retail and high net worth clients with access to skilled investment professionals representing a broad range of asset classes. 
Since 2001, Henderson has been offering US investors the opportunity to "own a piece of the world" through its family of globally focused mutual funds. As a pure investment manager, Henderson offers investments across equity, fixed income and property as well as alternative products, such as private equity and hedge funds. Henderson follows a differentiated, opportunistic investment philosophy combining local knowledge with worldwide reach. For more information, visit www.hendersonglobalinvestors.com.
Press inquiriesJames Doyle, JCPR       973.850.7308 / jdoyle@jcprinc.com 
Investor inquiriesAlanna Nensel, Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc. 312.915.9124 / alanna.nensel@henderson.com
(1) Henderson Global Investors received the 2011 UK Pension Award for Multi-Asset Manager of the Year. The overall aim of the award is to recognize providers that offer the highest level of innovation, performance and service to occupational pension schemes and their members - and have done the most to improve this level of performance and service over the past year (the 12 months to October 31, 2011).
The Fund is subject to investment company and pooled vehicles risk, allocation risk, leverage risk, interest rate risk and high yield securities risk. International and emerging markets investing involves certain risks and increased volatility not associated with investing solely in the US. These risks included currency fluctuations, economic or financial instability, lack of timely or reliable financial information or unfavorable political or legal developments. The Fund may invest in securities issued by smaller companies which typically involves greater risk than investing in larger companies. Also, the Fund may invest in limited geographic areas and/or sectors which may result in greater market volatility. In addition, the Fund may invest in derivatives. Derivatives involve special risks different from, and potentially greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in securities and may result in greater losses.
One should consider the investment objectives, risks, fees and expenses of any mutual fund carefully before investing. This and other important information is available in the Fund's prospectus available at www.hendersonglobalinvestors.com or by contacting your financial adviser. Please read it carefully before investing. 
 SOURCE  Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.hendersonglobalinvestors.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  

















Mar 16, 2012, 09:00 ET
Preview: Iain Clark to Retire From Henderson Global Investors








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:28 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, investment companies, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, and other investment entities including insurance company separate accounts. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also manages mutual funds, hedge funds, and property funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative markets across the globe. The firm also invests in ADR securities. It...
Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, investment companies, charitable organizations, state or municipal government entities, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, and other investment entities including insurance company separate accounts. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also manages mutual funds, hedge funds, and property funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative markets across the globe. The firm also invests in ADR securities. It invests in GARP stocks of large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap companies. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a combination of top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach. It employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. The firm operates as a subsidiary of Henderson Global Investors Limited. Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc. is based in Chicago, Illinois with an additional office in Hartford.
Detailed Description


737 North Michigan AvenueSuite 1700Chicago, IL 60611United States



Phone: 312-871-6200

Fax: 312-871-6294

www.henderson.com/HOME/US/







Key Executives for Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc.




Mr. James G. O’Brien J.D.


      	Chief Operations Officer, Director of Corporate Services, and Vice President 
      








Mr. James Martha


      	Managing Director of Property Portfolio Management
      








Mr. J. P. Rachmaninoff CPA


      	Director of Acquisitions and Dispositions
      








Mr. Christopher  Keene Yarbrough


      	Senior Legal Counsel and Secretary
      








Ms. Kristin Eileen Rice


      	Assistant Secretary 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc. Key Developments

First Trust Advisors L.P., First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund, Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc., Henderson Investment Management Limited - Special Call
Nov 16 16
To provide an update for the market and the Fund


First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund, Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc., Henderson Investment Management Limited - Special Call
Mar 15 16
To provide an update for the Fund


First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund, Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc., Henderson Investment Management Limited - Special Call
Dec 3 15
To discuss Fund’s sub-advisors provide an update for the Fund


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Henderson Global Investors (North America), Inc., please visit www.henderson.com/HOME/US/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 














Janus Henderson Investors





























































Skip to content






















Advisor
Retail
Institutional


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 















Welcome to
Janus Henderson Investors
As a leading global manager, Janus Henderson offers actively managed solutions to meet diverse investment goals and seeks to deliver exceptional service to our clients.
 




 
 
 




Merger of Equals
Janus Capital Group, Inc., and Henderson Group plc announce the completion of an all-stock merger of equals to form Janus Henderson Group plc (Janus Henderson).
 



Bill Gross Investment Outlook: Curveball
A monthly outlook on the global financial markets.
 



Why is Europe a Destination of Choice for Equity Income Opportunities?
Portfolio Managers Alex Crooke and Ben Lofthouse explain why Europe is currently their favored region for dividend-paying companies. 
 
 
 

 


 



 

























 













 



Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            
















Janus Henderson Investors





























































Skip to content






















Advisor
Retail
Institutional


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 















Welcome to
Janus Henderson Investors
As a leading global manager, Janus Henderson offers actively managed solutions to meet diverse investment goals and seeks to deliver exceptional service to our clients.
 




 
 
 




Merger of Equals
Janus Capital Group, Inc., and Henderson Group plc announce the completion of an all-stock merger of equals to form Janus Henderson Group plc (Janus Henderson).
 



Bill Gross Investment Outlook: Curveball
A monthly outlook on the global financial markets.
 



Why is Europe a Destination of Choice for Equity Income Opportunities?
Portfolio Managers Alex Crooke and Ben Lofthouse explain why Europe is currently their favored region for dividend-paying companies. 
 
 
 

 


 



 














 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


