


			Hillman Capital Management > Home ( DNN 3.2.2 )
		




































 























































 








         Add “Uncommon Foresight” to Your Portfolio• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login





              Grow Your Practice with Hillman Capital• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login





         Our “Uncommon Foresight” and Your Good Advice• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login





                The Advantages of Uncommon Foresight• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 





© 2012 All Rights Reserved Hillman Capital Management | Legal/Privacy










 
















			Hillman Capital Management > Corporate Overview > Contact Us ( DNN 3.2.2 )
		










































 


 








































 

 















Individual Investors
Overview
Mutual Funds
New AccountsBrokers/Registered Reps
Overview
Mutual Funds
New AccountsInstitutions
Overview
Mutual Funds
New AccountsRegistered Advisers
Overview
Mutual Funds
New Accounts














 



 


Corporate Overview: Contact Us







Hillman Capital Management Inc.
7250 Woodmont Ave. 
  Suite 310 
  Bethesda, MD 20814240.744.4500 Office 800.226.0206 Toll-Freeclientservices@hillmancapital.com
If you would like to receive the Hillman Capital Quarterly Market Commentary click here: marketing@hillmancapital.com




7250 Woodmont Ave., Suite 310
  Bethesda, MD 20814 

View Larger Map

 












 









7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 � Bethesda, MD 20814
	Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 



















			Mutual Funds
		










































 















































 

 















Individual InvestorsOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew AccountsBrokers/Registered RepsOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew AccountsInstitutionsOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew AccountsRegistered AdvisersOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew Accounts













 



 


Individual Investors: Mutual Funds







Please click here for information about Hillman Funds.    Please note you are leaving hillmancapital.com.Fund information is provided by ncfunds.com.











 








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 























			Hillman Capital Management > Home > Brokers/Registered Reps > Separate Accounts ( DNN 3.2.2 )
		










































 















































 

 




























 



 


Brokers/Registered Reps: Separate Accounts







As a registered investment adviser, HCM manages individual accounts in accordance with its philosophy of investing in strong companies when their stocks are undervalued. 
HCM works closely with brokers, who retain custody of the funds invested. For qualified investors with broker held transaction-based fee accounts, there is a $2 million investment minimum.  There are lower minimums available for wrap fee accounts. 
For applicable guidelines, see your financial institution’s link below or contact our Client Services Department at (240) 744-4500.
In general, HCM takes two approaches to managing these accounts.  In the first, it builds its Focused Advantage Equity Portfolios by purchasing in equal proportion the 20 securities held in its Focused Advantage Equity model.  Each stock represents approximately 5% of the total market value but no one industry may represent more than 25% of the total portfolio at cost. 
In the second approach, to construct its Advantage Equity Portfolios, HCM purchases, in equal proportion, the 45 securities held in its Advantage Equity model.  Each stock represents approximately 2.2% of total market value, subject to the limitation that no industry may represent more than 10% of the total portfolio.
For both Portfolios, the “sell” discipline is similar: 

Sell all shares if a portfolio holding fails the qualitative screen. 
Sell all shares if the price of a security exceeds fair value by more than 20% using our quantitative measures. 
Re-balance each holding to its target weight; for Advantage Equity, buying if its position is less than 1.5% of total market value and selling if its position exceeds 2.9% of total market value; for Focused Advantage, buying if its position is less than 2.5% of total market value and selling if its position exceeds 10% of total market value.
For more information on performance click on this link.   For additional information on the Portfolios, contact us or see the Portfolio Characteristics section on this website.
HCM is also the investment adviser to a family of registered Mutual Funds.











 








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 























			New Accounts
		










































 















































 

 




























 



 


Registered Advisers: New Accounts







To open a separate account please call our Client Services Department at (240) 744-4500 or email:clientservices@hillmancapital.com.
To open a mutual fund account, please contact our Funds' Transfer Agent at (800) 773-3863.











 








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 























			Separate Accounts
		










































 















































 

 




























 



 


Individual Investors: Separate Accounts







As a registered investment adviser, HCM generally manages individual accounts in accordance with its philosophy of investing in strong companies when it seems their stocks are undervalued.In general, HCM takes two approaches to managing these accounts.  In the first, it builds its Focused Advantage Equity Portfolios by purchasing in equal proportion the 20 securities held in its Focused Advantage Equity model.  Each stock represents approximately 5% of the total market value but no one industry may represent more than 25% of the total portfolio at cost.In the second approach, to construct its Advantage Equity Portfolios, HCM purchases, in equal proportion, the 45 securities held in its Advantage Equity model.  Each stock represents approximately 2.2% of total market value, subject to the limitation that no industry may represent more than 10% of the total portfolio.
For both Portfolios, the "sell" discipline is similar:

Sell all shares if a portfolio holding fails the qualitative screen.
Sell all shares if the price of a security exceeds fair value by more than 20% using our quantitative measures.
Re-balance each holding to its target weight; for Advantage Equity, buying if its position is less than 1.5% of total market value and selling if its position exceeds 2.9% of total market value; for Focused Advantage, buying if its position is less than 2.5% of total market value and selling if its position exceeds 10% of total market value.
Qualified investors may participate with a minimum investment of $2 million. 
For additional information on the Portfolios, contact us or see the Firm Materials section on this website.
HCM is also the investment adviser to a family of registered Mutual Funds.











 








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 























			Hillman Capital Management > About Us > People ( DNN 3.2.2 )
		










































 


 








































 

 















Individual InvestorsOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew AccountsBrokers/Registered RepsOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew AccountsInstitutionsOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew AccountsRegistered AdvisersOverviewMutual FundsSeparate AccountsNew Accounts













 



 


Corporate Overview: People







Mark A. Hillman, President and Chief Investment Officer, founded HCM in 1998, bringing into the firm assets of predecessor companies he established in the early 1990s. His first investment advisory company, Custom Asset Management, merged with Menocal Capital Management in 1993 and he became Chief Investment Officer of the combined firms.  Prior to founding his first firm, he was a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Hutton. A graduate of Tufts University, he has done graduate coursework at Harvard University Extension School. An expert sailboat racer, he has competed successfully in National and World Championships over three decades.
As the architect of the firm’s proprietary investment process and Chief Investment Officer at HCM, Mark Hillman continues to lead the investment process.  Since 1994, his investment results have spoken for themselves and have been recognized by investors and media alike.  He has appeared in Fortune Magazine, The New York Times, MSN Money, USA Today, Bloomberg News, Dow Jones Marketwatch, The Baltimore Sun, The San Francisco Chronicle, Bloomberg Television, Kiplinger’s and Forbes.com.
Top
Trevor Lee, MBA, Analyst, focuses on assessing the competitive dynamics and valuation of companies in the consumer staples sector. Trevor joined Hillman Capital Management in 2008 and is a member of HCM’s investment committee.  Trevor evaluates companies from the unique perspective of his solid background in marketing and product development for Fortune 500 companies, including Procter and Gamble, Kraft, and Sara Lee.  A graduate of Tufts University, Trevor earned his MBA at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  He was the recipient of Distinguished Lecturer in Business Policy from the University of Florida MBA Program and served on the Steering Committee of a National MBA Association (Philadelphia chapter). 
Top
Client Service Team 
 
Top 
Compliance 
C. Frank Watson III, Chief Compliance Officer, is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of The Nottingham Company, a financial services company with $20 billion in assets under administration. He designed the operational structure of Nottingham and has been secretary and treasurer of ten investment trusts, principal financial officer of 20 investment companies, and a chief compliance officer for several investment company boards.  He holds a BS in Economics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Top 
Systems and Operations
Jeffrey T. Long, Director, Systems, brings to HCM more than two decades of experience as a software development consultant.  In addition to extensive expertise in software development for financial management organizations, he has worked on many different hardware platforms for various clients such as FedEx, Jaguar Land Rover, AT Kearney, Cadbury Schweppes, Microsoft, Lucent, Mobil and Lever Brothers.   He holds a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science and Management Information Systems from James Madison University.Top
Administration
Top











 








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 






















Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 12:56 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Hillman Capital Management, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis focusing on factors such as companies that have temporarily fallen out of favor for reasons that are considered non-recurring or short-term; whose value is not currently well known or not fully recognized by the public, dominance in a partic...
Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Hillman Capital Management, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis focusing on factors such as companies that have temporarily fallen out of favor for reasons that are considered non-recurring or short-term; whose value is not currently well known or not fully recognized by the public, dominance in a particular industry or niche market, management style and adaptability, strength of pricing and purchasing power, barriers to industry competition, strength of brand or franchise with commensurate brand loyalty, quality of products and services, price-to-book ratio, present value of discounted projected cash flows, balance sheet strength, price-to-sales ratio, and price-to-earnings ratio, promising new product, new distribution strategy, new manufacturing technology, new management team, or new management philosophy and technological breakthroughs and/or unique solutions to market needs to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Total Return Index. It was formerly known as Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Focused Advantage Fund. Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund was formed on December 29, 2000 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


7250 Woodmont AvenueSuite 310Bethesda, MD 20814United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 240-744-4500

secure.ncfunds.com/TNC/fundpages/107.htm







Key Executives for Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund




Mr. C. Frank Watson III


      	Principal Financial Officer and Treasurer
      


Age: 47
        







 A. Vason Hamrick


      	Secretary and Assistant Treasurer
      


Age: 40
        







 T. Lee Hale Jr.


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 39
        







Mr. Mark Alan Hillman


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 55
        







 Greyson L. Davis


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 38
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hillman Capital Management Investment Trust - The Hillman Fund, please visit secure.ncfunds.com/TNC/fundpages/107.htm.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 





			Hillman Capital Management > Mutual Funds ( DNN 3.2.2 )
		










































 


 






































 

 


















Individual Investors
Overview
Mutual Funds
New AccountsBrokers/Registered Reps
Overview
Mutual Funds
New AccountsInstitutions
Overview
Mutual Funds
New AccountsRegistered Advisers
Overview
Mutual Funds
New Accounts


















 



 Mutual Funds

























 










 7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 � Bethesda, MD 20814
                                      Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206
info@hillmancapital.com







 
















﻿
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001122649-12-000035








HILLMAN 
FOCUSED ADVANTAGE FUND

A 
series of the
Hillman 
Capital Management Investment Trust

NO 
LOAD SHARES






PROSPECTUS
[October 
29, 2012]



Investment 
Advisor

Hillman 
Capital Management, Inc.
4350 East 
West Highway, Suite 502
Bethesda, 
Maryland 20814
 
www.hillmancapital.com
 
1-800-773-3863




The 
Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or disapproved the 
securities being offered by this prospectus or determined whether this 
prospectus is accurate and complete.  Any representation to the 
contrary is a criminal offense.

Mutual 
fund shares are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by, any depository 
institution.  Shares are not insured by the FDIC, Federal Reserve 
Board, or any other agency and are subject to investment risks including 
possible loss of principal amount invested.  Neither the Fund nor the 
Fund’s distributor is a bank.  You should read the prospectus 
carefully before you invest or send money.
 


  


  





  


TABLE 
OF CONTENTS

Page
 





SUMMARY

2


Investment 
    Objective

2


Fees and Expenses of the 
      Fund

2


Principal Investment 
      Strategies

2


Principal Risks of Investing in the 
      Fund

4


Performance 
      Information

5


Management

6


Purchase and Sale of Fund 
      Shares

6


Tax Information

6


Financial Intermediary 
      Compensation

6


THE 
      FUND

7


Investment 
    Objective

7


Principal Risks of Investing in the 
      Fund

7


Other Investment Policies and 
      Risks

9


Disclosure of Portfolio 
      Holdings

10


MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND

11


The Investment 
      Advisor

11


The Distributor

12


Additional Information on 
      Expenses

12


INVESTING 
      IN THE FUND

13


Initial 
    Investment

13


Purchase and Redemption 
      Price

13


Purchasing 
Shares

14


Redeeming Your 
      Shares

16


Purchasing or Redeeming Shares Through a 
      Financial Intermediary

18


Frequent Purchases and 
      Redemptions

19


OTHER 
      IMPORTANT INFORMATION

21


Dividends, Distributions, and 
      Taxes

21


Benchmark 
      Descriptions

21


Financial 
    Highlights

22


Additional 
      Information

Back 
      Cover
 


  


  





  

SUMMARY
 
Investment 
Objective.  The Fund seeks long-term capital 
appreciation.
 
Fees and Expenses 
of the Fund.  These tables describe the fees and expenses 
that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund.
 
Shareholder 
Fees
(fees 
paid directly from your investment)






 Maximum 
      Sales Charge (Load) Imposed On Purchases
 
 None

 
(as 
      a percentage of offering price) 
 
 

Redemption Fee (as a 
      % of amount redeemed)
 
 None
 
Annual Fund Operating 
Expenses
(expenses 
that you pay each year as a % of the value of your investment)
 
 




 Management 
      Fees   
 
 1.00%

 Distribution 
      and/or Service (12b-1) Fees  
 
 0.25%

Other 
      Expenses      
 
 1.27%

 Total Annual 
      Fund Operating Expenses 
 
 2.52%

 
Fee Waiver and/or Expense 
      Reimbursement1  
 
 1.02%

 
Total 
      Annual Fund Operating Expenses
 
 

 
After Fee Waiver and/or Expense 
      Reimbursement
 
 1.50%
                                                 

1.  The 
Fund’s investment advisor has entered into an Operating Plan with the Fund’s 
administrator under which it has agreed to make payments to the administrator to 
the extent that the cost of administering the Fund exceeds the 0.25% of average 
daily net assets paid by the Fund to the administrator under its consolidated 
fee arrangement.  The agreement continues in effect until January 31, 
2014 and may not be terminated prior to that date.
 
Example. This example is intended 
to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing 
in other mutual funds.  The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in 
the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem all of your shares at 
the end of those periods.  The example also assumes that your 
investment has a 5% return each year and the Fund’s operating expenses remain 
the same.  Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on 
these assumptions your costs would be:
 





1 Year

3 Years

5 Years

10 Years


$153

$687

$1,249

$2,779
 
Portfolio 
Turnover. The Fund pays 
transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or 
“turns over” its portfolio).  A higher portfolio turnover rate may 
indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when the Fund 
shares are held in a taxable account.  These costs, which are not 
reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund’s 
performance.  During the most recent fiscal year, the Fund’s portfolio 
turnover rate was 16.10% of the average 
value of its portfolio.
 
Principal 
Investment Strategies.  In seeking to achieve its 
objective, the Fund invests primarily in common stocks of U.S. companies 
which Hillman Capital Management, Inc. (the “Advisor”) believes have qualitative 
and quantitative competitive advantages, as described below, and have 
temporarily fallen out of favor for reasons that are considered non-recurring or 
short-term; whose value is not currently well known; or whose value is not fully 
recognized by the public.
 


  


2




  

In 
selecting investments for the Fund, the Advisor first looks at qualitative 
measures of a company.  Qualitative measures of a company 
include:
 
· dominance 
in a particular industry or niche market;
· management 
style and adaptability;
· strength 
of pricing and purchasing power;
· barriers 
to industry competition;
· strength 
of brand or franchise with commensurate brand loyalty; and
· quality 
of products and services.
 
If 
certain companies meet most or all of the qualitative measures, the Advisor then 
seeks to identify which of those companies possess certain positive quantitative 
measures and which of those companies the Advisor feels show superior prospects 
for growth.  The Advisor may make investments without regard to market 
capitalization.  These companies may, in 
the view of the Advisor, exhibit positive changes such as a promising new 
product, new distribution strategy, new manufacturing technology, new management 
team, or new management philosophy.  These companies may also be 
responsible for technological breakthroughs and/or unique solutions to market 
needs.  The quantitative measures of a company 
include:
 
· price-to-book 
ratio;
· present 
value of discounted projected cash flows;
· balance 
sheet strength;
· price-to-sales 
ratio; and
· price-to-earnings 
ratio.
 
The 
Advisor allocates a target percentage of total portfolio value to each security 
it purchases.  From time to time, the Fund may also focus the Fund’s 
assets in securities of one or more particular sectors of the economy and may at 
times invest more than 25% of the Fund’s net assets in a particular sector, such 
as the financial, healthcare, retail, and technology sectors.  The 
Advisor may sell a portfolio holding if the Advisor believes that the price of 
the security is overvalued or to rebalance the security to the Advisor’s 
targeted percentage of total portfolio value for that security.
 
The 
Advisor may also sell (or “write”) call and put options for the 
Fund.  Besides generating additional income through the receipt of 
premiums, the Advisor will seek to sell options that obligate the Fund to 
purchase or sell the underlying stock at a price believed to be attractive based 
on the qualitative and quantitative factors described above.  For 
example, call options may be written on a security held by the Fund in order to 
collect the premium and establish a sale price for the security that the Advisor 
believes to be attractive.  Put options may be written on a security 
in order to collect the premium and acquire the security at a price the Advisor 
believes to be attractive.  The Fund will mostly engage in option 
transactions where, with respect to a call option, the Fund holds the underlying 
security or, with respect to a put option, the Fund holds cash and other liquid 
assets in an amount necessary to satisfy 
 


  


3




  

the 
Fund’s obligations if the option is exercised. To the extent that the Fund sells 
options, the Fund will comply with the applicable requirements of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, including, but not limited to, Section 18 thereof and 
relevant interpretive positions of the staff of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission regarding the use of such instruments.
 
Principal Risks of 
Investing in the Fund.  An investment in the Fund is 
subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of some or all of the 
principal amount invested.  There can be no assurance that the Fund 
will be successful in meeting its investment objective.  Generally, 
the Fund will be subject to the following additional risks:
 





·  

Market 
      Risk.  Market risk refers to the possibility that the 
      value of equity securities held by the Fund may decline due to daily fluctuations in the securities 
      markets.
 





·  

Management Style 
      Risk.  Since different types of securities (e.g., 
      large-cap, mid-cap, growth, value, etc.) tend to shift into and out of 
      favor with stock market investors depending on market and economic 
      conditions, the performance of the Fund may be better or worse than the 
      performance of stock funds that focus on other types of stocks or have a 
      broader investment style.
 





·  

Investment Advisor 
      Risk.  The Advisor’s ability to choose suitable 
      investments has a significant impact on the ability of the Fund to achieve 
      its investment objectives.
 





·  

Operating 
      Risk.  The Administrator and Advisor have entered into an 
      Operating Plan that facilitates the Administrator’s assumption of the 
      Fund’s regular operating expenses under the Fund Accounting and 
      Administration Agreement.  The Operating Plan obligates the 
      Advisor to pay certain expenses of the Fund in order to help limit its 
      annual operating expenses.  If the Advisor, however, does not 
      have sufficient revenue to support those expenses, the Advisor may be 
      compelled to either resign or become insolvent.  In addition, if 
      the Fund incurs expenses in excess of those that the Administrator has 
      agreed to pay and the Advisor is not able or willing to pay the excess 
      costs, those excess costs will increase the Fund’s 
    expenses.
 





·  

Non-diversified Status 
      Risk.  The Fund is considered a non-diversified fund and 
      therefore can invest a greater portion of its assets in securities of a 
      single issuer or a limited number of issuers than a diversified fund, 
      which may make the Fund more susceptible than a diversified fund to a 
      single adverse economic or political occurrence affecting one or more of 
      these issuers.
 





·  

Sector Focus 
      Risk.  The Fund may, at times, be more heavily invested 
      in certain sectors, which may cause the value of its shares to be 
      especially sensitive to factors and economic risks that specifically 
      affect those sectors and may cause the Fund’s share price to fluctuate 
      more widely than the shares of a mutual fund that invests in a broader 
      range of industries.
 





·  

Small-cap and Mid-cap Companies 
      Risk.  Investing in the securities of small-cap and 
      mid-cap companies generally involves greater risk than investing in 
      larger, more established companies.  This greater risk is, in 
      part, attributable to the fact that the securities of these companies 
      usually have more limited marketability and, therefore, may be more 
      volatile and less liquid than securities of larger, more established 
      companies or the market averages in 
general.
 





·  

Risks from Writing 
      Options.  Writing option contracts can result in losses 
      that exceed the Fund’s initial investment and may lead to additional 
      turnover and higher tax liability.  The risk involved in writing 
      a call option is that an increase in the market value of the underlying 
      security may result in the Fund selling the security at a lower price than 
      its current market value.  Writing call options also limits the 
      opportunity to profit from an increase in the market value of the 
      underlying security.  The risk involved in writing a put option 
      is that a decrease in the market value of the underlying security may 
      result in the Fund purchasing the security at a higher price than its 
      current market value.
 


  


4




  

Performance 
Information.  The bar chart and table shown below provide 
an indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the 
Fund’s performance from year to year and by showing how the Fund’s average 
annual total returns compare to those of a broad-based securities market 
index.  The Fund’s past performance (before and after taxes) is not 
necessarily an indication of how the Fund will perform in the 
future.  Updated information on the Fund’s results can be obtained by 
visiting www.ncfunds.com.

Calendar 
Year Returns
 

 
 





Quarterly Returns During This Time 
      Period


Highest 
      return for a quarter

 28.61%

Quarter 
      ended
June 
      30, 2003


Lowest 
      return for a quarter

-25.33%

Quarter 
      ended
December 
      31, 2008






Average Annual Total 
      Returns
Period Ended December 31, 
      2011

Past
1 Year

Past
5 Years

Past
10 Years


Before 
      taxes
After 
      taxes on distributions
After 
      taxes on distributions and sale of shares

-6.61%
-6.61%
-4.30%

-4.47%
-5.08%
-3.93%

4.31%
3.75%
3.61%


S&P 
      500 Total Return Index
(reflects 
      no deductions for fees and expenses)

 2.11%

-0.25%

2.92%
 
After-tax 
returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal 
income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local 
taxes.  Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s tax situation 
and may differ from those shown and are not applicable to investors who hold 
Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as an individual retirement 
account (IRA) or 401(k) plan.
 


  


5




  

Management.  Hillman Capital Management, 
Inc. is the investment advisor for the Fund.  Mark A. Hillman is the 
Fund’s portfolio manager and the founder and controlling shareholder of Hillman 
Capital Management, Inc.  He has served as the portfolio manager since 
the Fund’s inception on December 29, 2000.
 
Purchase and Sale 
of Fund Shares.  You can purchase Fund shares directly from 
the Fund by mail or bank wire.  The minimum initial investment is 
$5,000 ($2,000 for IRA and Keogh Plans) and the minimum subsequent investment is 
$500 ($100 under an automatic investment plan), although the minimums may be 
waived or reduced in some cases.  You can redeem Fund shares directly 
from the Fund by mail, facsimile, telephone, and bank wire.
 
Purchase 
and redemption orders by mail should be sent to the Hillman Focused Advantage 
Fund, No Load Shares c/o Nottingham Shareholder Services, Post Office Box 4365, 
Rocky Mount, North Carolina 27803-0365.  Redemption orders by 
facsimile should be transmitted to 252-972-1908.  Please call the Fund 
at 1-800-773-3863 to conduct telephone transactions or to receive wire 
instructions for bank wire orders.  The Fund has also authorized 
certain broker-dealers to accept purchase and redemption orders on its 
behalf.  Investors who wish to purchase or redeem Fund shares through 
a broker-dealer should contact the broker-dealer directly.
 
Tax 
Information.  The Fund’s distributions will generally be 
taxed to you as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing 
through a tax deferred arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or an individual 
retirement account.  Distributions on investments made through tax 
deferred vehicles, such as 401(k) plans or IRAs, may be taxed later upon 
withdrawal of assets from those accounts.
 
Financial 
Intermediary Compensation.  If you purchase shares of the 
Fund through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank), 
the Fund may pay the intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and related 
services.  These payments may create a conflict of interest by 
influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to 
recommend the Fund over another investment.  Ask your salesperson or 
visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information.



  


6




  






  
      

THE 
      FUND
 





INVESTMENT 
OBJECTIVE



 
The Hillman Focused Advantage Fund 
(“Focused Advantage Fund”) seeks long-term capital appreciation.  The 
Focused Advantage Fund is a non-diversified series of the Hillman Capital 
Management Investment Trust (“Trust”).  The Fund’s investment 
objective may be changed without shareholder approval.
 
 
PRINCIPAL RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND
 
An 
investment in the Fund is subject to investment risks, including the possible 
loss of some or all of the principal amount invested.  There can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be successful in meeting its investment 
objective.  Generally, the Fund will be subject to the following 
additional risks:
 





·  

Market 
      Risk.  Market risk refers to the possibility that the 
      value of equity securities held by the Fund may decline due to daily fluctuations in the securities 
      markets.  Stock prices change daily as a result of many 
      factors, including developments affecting the condition of both individual 
      companies and the market in general.  The price of a stock 
      may even be affected by factors unrelated to 
      the value or condition of its issuer, such as changes in interest rates, 
      national and international economic and/or political conditions and 
      general equity market conditions.  In a declining stock market, 
      prices for all companies (including those in the Fund’s portfolio) may 
      decline regardless of their long-term prospects.  The 
      Fund’s performance per share will change daily in response to such 
      factors.
 





·  

Management Style 
      Risk.  Different types of securities tend to shift into 
      and out of favor with stock market investors depending on market and 
      economic conditions.  The returns from the types of stocks 
      purchased by the Fund (large-cap, mid-cap, growth, value, etc.) may at 
      times be better or worse than the returns from other types of 
      stocks.  Each type of stock tends to go through cycles of 
      performing better or worse than the stock market in 
      general.  The performance of the Fund may thus be better or 
      worse than the performance of stock funds that focus on other types of 
      stocks, or that have a broader investment 
style.
 





·  

Investment Advisor 
      Risk.  The Advisor’s ability to choose suitable 
      investments has a significant impact on the ability of the Fund to achieve 
      its investment objectives.
 





·  

Operating 
      Risk.  The Administrator and Advisor have entered into an 
      Operating Plan that facilitates the Administrator’s assumption of the 
      Fund’s regular operating expenses under the Fund Accounting and 
      Administration Agreement.  The Operating Plan obligates the 
      Advisor to pay certain expenses of the Fund in order to help limit its 
      annual operating expenses.  If the Advisor, however, does not 
      have sufficient revenue to support those expenses, the Advisor may be 
      compelled to either resign or become insolvent.  In addition, if 
      the Fund incurs expenses in excess of those that the Administrator has 
      agreed to pay and the Advisor is not able or willing to pay the excess 
      costs, those excess costs will increase the Fund’s 
    expenses.
 





·  

Small-cap and Mid-cap Companies 
      Risk.  Investing in the securities of small-cap and 
      mid-cap companies generally involves greater risk than investing in 
      larger, more established companies.  This greater risk is, in 
      part, attributable to the fact that the securities of these companies 
      usually have more limited marketability and, therefore, may be more 
      volatile and less liquid than securities of larger, more established 
      companies or the market averages in general.  Because these 
      companies normally have fewer shares outstanding than larger companies, it 
      may be more difficult to buy or sell significant amounts of such shares 
      without an unfavorable impact on prevailing prices.  Another 
      risk factor is that these companies often have limited product lines, 
      markets, or financial resources and may lack management 
      depth.  These companies are typically subject to greater changes 
      in earnings and business 
 


  


7




  






 

 prospects 
      than are larger, more established companies.  In addition, these 
      companies may not be well-known to the investing public, may not be 
      followed by the financial press or industry analysts, and may not have 
      institutional ownership.  These factors affect the Advisor’s 
      access to information about the companies and the stability of the markets 
      for the companies’ securities.  These companies may be more 
      vulnerable than larger companies to adverse business or economic 
      developments; the risk exists that the companies will not succeed; and the 
      prices of the companies’ shares could dramatically decline in 
      value.
 





·  

Non-diversified Status 
      Risk.  The Focused Advantage Fund is considered a 
      non-diversified fund and therefore can invest a greater portion of its 
      assets in securities of a single issuer or a limited number of issuers 
      than a diversified fund.  The Focused Advantage Fund may be more 
      susceptible than a diversified fund to a single adverse economic or 
      political occurrence affecting one or more of these issuers, and may 
      experience increased volatility due to its investment in those 
      securities.  As a result, changes in the market value of a 
      single issuer could cause greater fluctuation in share price than would 
      occur in a more diversified fund.
 





·  

Sector Focus 
      Risk.  Another area of risk involves the potential focus 
      of the Focused Advantage Fund’s assets in securities of particular 
      sectors.  These sectors include the financial sector, healthcare 
      sector, retail sector, and technology sector.  Because the 
      Focused Advantage Fund’s investments may, from time to time, be more 
      heavily invested in particular sectors, the value of its shares may be 
      especially sensitive to factors and economic risks that specifically 
      affect those sectors.  As a result, the Focused Advantage Fund’s 
      share price may fluctuate more widely than the value of shares of a mutual 
      fund that invests in a broader range of 
      industries.  Additionally, some of the sectors in which the 
      Focused Advantage Fund may invest could be subject to greater government 
      regulation than other sectors and, therefore, changes in regulatory 
      policies for those sectors may have a material effect on the value of 
      securities issued by companies in those sectors.  The specific 
      risks for each of the sectors in which the Focused Advantage Fund may 
      focus its investments include additional risks as described 
      below:
 





·  

Financial 
      Sector. Companies in this 
      sector are subject to risks including extensive governmental regulation; 
      decreased profits resulting from changes in interest rates and loan 
      losses, which usually increase in economic downturns; severe price 
      competition; and increased inter-industry consolidation and competition; 
      all of which may adversely affect the value of those 
    holdings.
 





·  

Healthcare 
      Sector.  Companies in this sector are subject to 
      extensive litigation based on product liability and similar claims; 
      dependence on patent protection and expiration of patents; competitive 
      forces that make it difficult to raise prices; long and costly regulatory 
      processes; and product obsolescence; all of which may adversely affect the 
      value of those holdings.
 


  


8




  






·  

Retail 
      Sector. Companies in this 
      sector may be adversely affected by negative changes in the domestic and 
      international economies, interest rates, competition, consumer confidence, 
      disposable household income, and consumer spending.  These 
      companies are also subject to severe competition and changes in 
      demographics and consumer tastes, which may have an adverse effect on the 
      performance of these companies.
 





·  

Technology 
      Sector. The performance of 
      companies in this sector may be adversely affected due to the intense 
      competition both domestically and internationally; limited product lines, 
      markets, financial resources, or personnel; rapid product obsolescence and 
      frequent new product introduction; dramatic and unpredictable changes in 
      growth rates; and dependence on patent and intellectual property 
      rights.
 
Risks from Writing 
Options.  Writing option contracts can result in losses that 
exceed the Fund’s initial investment and may lead to additional turnover and 
higher tax liability.  The risk involved in writing a call option is 
that there could be an increase in the market value of the 
security.  If this occurred, the option could be exercised and the 
underlying security would then be sold by the Fund at a lower price than its 
current market value.  Similarly, while writing call options can 
reduce the risk of owning stocks, such a strategy limits the opportunity of the 
Fund to profit from an increase in the market value of stocks in exchange for 
up-front cash at the time of selling the call option.  The risk 
involved in writing a put option is that there could be a decrease in the market 
value of the underlying security.  If this occurred, the option could 
be exercised and the underlying security would then be sold to the Fund at a 
higher price than its current market value.
 
There is 
no assurance that a liquid market will exist when the Fund seeks to close out an 
option position.  Where a position in a written option is used as a 
hedge against price movements in a related position, the price of the option may 
move more or less than the price of the related position.  When the 
Fund writes options, the Fund will comply with the applicable requirements of 
the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the guidance of no-action letters issued 
by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Investment Company Act 
Release No. 10666 (Apr. 18, 1979).
 
 
OTHER INVESTMENT POLICIES AND RISKS
 
As a 
temporary defensive measure in response to adverse market, economic, political, 
or other conditions or to meet liquidity, redemption, and short-term investing 
needs, the Fund may, from time to time, determine that market conditions warrant 
investing in investment-grade bonds, U.S. government securities, repurchase 
agreements, money market instruments, and, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and the Fund’s investment restrictions, shares of other investment 
companies.  Under such circumstances, the Advisor may invest up to 
100% of the Fund’s assets in these investments.  Since investment 
companies investing in other investment companies pay management fees and other 
expenses relating to those investment companies, shareholders of the Fund would 
indirectly pay both the Fund’s expenses and the expenses relating to those other 
investment companies with respect to the Fund’s assets invested in such 
investment companies.  To the extent the Fund is invested for 
temporary defensive purposes, it will not be pursuing and may not achieve its 
investment objective.
 
An 
investment in the Fund should not be considered a complete investment 
program.  Whether the Fund is an appropriate investment for an 
investor will depend largely on his/her financial resources and individual 
investment goals and objectives.  Investors who engage in short-term 
trading and/or other speculative strategies and styles will not find the Fund to 
be an appropriate investment vehicle if they want to invest in the Fund for a 
short period of time.
 


  


9




  

 
DISCLOSURE OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS
 
The Fund 
may, from time to time, make available portfolio holdings information, including 
the complete portfolio holdings as of the end of each calendar month, at the 
following website, http://www.ncfunds.com.  To reach this information, 
select the link “Fund Search” found in the top right-hand corner of the home 
page.  Search for the Fund using key words such as “Hillman” and then 
select the link for the Focused Advantage Fund on the Fund Search Results 
page.  Under the section entitled “Portfolio Holdings,” there will be 
a link to the list of the Fund’s complete portfolio holdings entitled “Click To 
View.”  This information is generally posted to the website within ten 
days of the end of each calendar month and remains available until new 
information for the next calendar month is posted.  A description of 
the Fund’s policies and procedures with respect to the disclosure of the Fund’s 
portfolio securities is available in the Fund’s Statement of Additional 
Information.
 


  


10




  

MANAGEMENT 
OF THE FUND
 
THE INVESTMENT ADVISOR
 
The 
Advisor is Hillman Capital Management, Inc., 4350 East West Highway, Suite 502, 
Bethesda, Maryland 20814.  The Advisor serves in that capacity 
pursuant to an investment advisory contract with the Trust on behalf of the 
Fund.  The Advisor is registered as an investment advisor with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 
1940.  Subject to the authority of the Board of Trustees of the Trust 
(“Trustees”), the Advisor provides guidance and policy direction in connection 
with its daily management of the Fund’s assets.  The Advisor manages 
the investment and reinvestment of the Fund’s assets.  The Advisor is 
also responsible for the selection of broker-dealers through which the Fund 
executes portfolio transactions, subject to the brokerage policies established 
by the Trustees, and it provides certain executive personnel to the 
Fund.
 
The 
Advisor has served as a registered investment advisor to the Fund since its 
inception.  The executives and members of the advisory staff of the 
Advisor also have extensive experience in other capacities in managing 
investments for clients including individuals, corporations, non-taxable 
entities, and other business and private accounts since the firm was founded in 
1998.  As of June 30, 2012, the Advisor had approximately $116 million in assets under 
management.
 
The Fund 
is managed primarily by Mark A. Hillman, who has overall responsibility for the 
day-to-day management of the Fund’s portfolio and has managed the Fund since its 
inception.  Mr. Hillman is the founder and controlling shareholder of 
the Advisor.  Mr. Hillman has served as President of the Advisor since 
1998.  The Fund’s Statement of Additional Information provides 
additional information about the portfolio manager’s compensation, other 
accounts managed by the portfolio manager, and the portfolio manager’s ownership 
of securities in the Fund.
 
The Advisor’s 
Compensation.  As full compensation for the investment advisory 
services provided to the Fund, the Advisor receives monthly compensation based 
on the Fund’s average daily net assets at the annual rate of 
1.00%.  During the most recent fiscal year ending September 30, 2011, 
the Advisor received $143,681 from the Fund.
 
Disclosure Regarding Approval of the 
Investment Advisory Contract.  A discussion regarding the 
Trustees’ basis for approving the renewal of the investment advisory contract 
for the Fund is available in the Fund’s semi-annual report for the period ending 
March 31st of each year.  You may obtain a copy of the semi-annual 
report, free of charge, upon request to the Fund.
 
Brokerage Practices.  In selecting 
brokers and dealers to execute portfolio transactions, the Advisor may consider 
research and brokerage services furnished to the Advisor or its 
affiliates.  The Advisor may not consider sales of shares of the Fund 
as a factor in the selection of brokers and dealers, but may place portfolio 
transactions with brokers and dealers that promote or sell the Fund’s shares so 
long as such transactions are done in accordance with the policies and 
procedures established by the Trustees that are designed to ensure that the 
selection is based on the quality of execution and not on sales 
efforts.
 
When 
placing portfolio transactions with a broker or dealer, the Advisor may 
aggregate securities to be sold or purchased for the Fund with those to be sold 
or purchased for other advisory accounts managed by the Advisor.  In 
aggregating such securities, the Advisor will average the transaction as to 
price and will allocate available investments in a manner that the Advisor 
believes to be fair and reasonable to the Fund and such other advisory 
accounts.  An aggregated order will generally be allocated on a pro 
rata basis among all participating accounts, based on the relative dollar values 
of the participating accounts, or using any other method deemed to be fair and 
reasonable to the Fund and the participating accounts, with any exceptions to 
such methods involving the Trust being reported by the Advisor to the 
Trustees.
 


  


11




  

 
THE DISTRIBUTOR
 
Capital 
Investment Group, Inc. (“Distributor”) is the principal underwriter and 
distributor of the Fund’s shares and serves as the Fund’s exclusive agent for 
the distribution of the Fund’s shares.  The Distributor may sell the 
Fund’s shares to or through qualified securities dealers or others.
 
Distribution 
Plans.  The Fund has adopted a distribution plan in accordance 
with Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (“Distribution 
Plan”).  The Distribution Plan provides that the Fund will compensate 
the Distributor with assets attributable to the Fund for activities primarily 
intended to result in the sale of Fund shares or the servicing of those shares, 
including to compensate entities for providing distribution and shareholder 
servicing with respect to those shares (this compensation is commonly referred 
to as “12b-1 fees”).  Pursuant to the Distribution Plan, the Fund may 
annually pay the Distributor up to 0.25% of its average daily net 
assets.  Because the 12b-1 fees are paid out of the Fund’s assets on 
an on-going basis, these fees, over time, will increase the cost of your 
investment and may cost you more than paying other types of sales 
loads.
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON EXPENSES
 
The Fund 
will be separately responsible for any extraordinary expenses, such as 
indemnification payments or damages awarded in litigation or settlements 
made.  All general Trust expenses are allocated among and charged to 
the assets of each separate series of the Trust (if any), on a basis that the 
Trustees deem fair and equitable, which may be on the basis of relative net 
assets of each series or the nature of the services performed and relative 
applicability to each series.  The Fund does not anticipate any such 
expenses to be allocated to the Fund in the current fiscal year.
 


  


12




  






INVESTING IN THE 
FUND



 
INITIAL INVESTMENT
 
The 
Fund’s shares are sold and redeemed at net asset value.  Shares may be 
purchased by any account managed by the Advisor and any other financial 
intermediaries or broker-dealers authorized to sell shares of the 
Fund.  The minimum initial investment for purchasing No Load Shares is 
$5,000 ($2,000 for IRA and Keogh Plans) and the minimum additional investment is 
$500 ($100 for those participating in an automatic investment 
plan).  The Fund may, in the Advisor’s sole discretion, waive the 
minimum investment required in some cases.
 
 
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION PRICE
 
Determining the Fund’s Net Asset 
Value.  The price at which you purchase or redeem shares is 
based on the next calculation of net asset value after an order is received, 
subject to the order being accepted by the Fund in good form.  An 
order is considered to be in good form if it includes all necessary information 
and documentation related to a purchase or redemption request and, if 
applicable, payment in full of the purchase amount.  The Fund’s net 
asset value per share is calculated by dividing the value of the Fund’s total 
assets, less liabilities (including Fund expenses, which are accrued daily), by 
the total number of outstanding shares of that Fund.  The net asset 
value per share of the Fund is normally determined at the time regular trading 
closes on the New York Stock Exchange, currently 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, Monday 
through Friday, except when the New York Stock Exchange closes 
earlier.  The Fund does not calculate net asset value on business 
holidays when the New York Stock Exchange is closed.
 
The 
pricing and valuation of portfolio securities is determined in good faith in 
accordance with procedures established by, and under the direction of, the Board 
of Trustees.  In determining the value of the Fund’s total assets, 
portfolio securities are generally valued at their market value by quotations 
from the primary market in which they are traded.  Instruments with 
maturities of 60 days or less are valued at amortized cost, which approximates 
market value.  The Fund normally uses third party pricing services to 
obtain market quotations.  Securities and assets for which 
representative market quotations are not readily available or which cannot be 
accurately valued using the Fund’s normal pricing procedures are valued in good 
faith by either a valuation committee or the Advisor in accordance with 
procedures established by, and under the supervision of, the Board of 
Trustees.  Fair value pricing may be used, for example, in situations 
where (i) a portfolio security is so thinly traded that there have been no 
transactions for that security over an extended period of time; (ii) the 
exchange on which the portfolio security is principally traded closes early; or 
(iii) trading of the portfolio security is halted during the day and does not 
resume prior to the Fund’s net asset value calculation.
 
Pursuant 
to policies adopted by the Board of Trustees, the Advisor consults with the 
Fund’s administrator on a regular basis regarding the need for fair value 
pricing.  The Advisor is responsible for notifying the Board of 
Trustees (or the Trust’s Fair Value Committee) when it believes that fair value 
pricing is required for a particular security.  The Fund’s policies 
regarding fair value pricing are intended to result in a calculation of the 
Fund’s net asset value that fairly reflects portfolio security values as of the 
time of pricing.  A portfolio security’s “fair value” price may differ 
from the price next available using the Fund’s normal pricing 
procedures.  If such fair value price differs from the price that 
would have been determined using the Fund’s normal pricing procedures, a 
shareholder may receive more or less proceeds or shares from redemptions or 
purchases of Fund shares, respectively, than a shareholder would 
 


  


13




  

have 
otherwise received if the security were priced using the Fund’s normal pricing 
procedures.  The performance of the Fund may also be affected if a 
portfolio security’s fair value price were to differ from the security’s price 
using the Fund’s normal pricing procedures.  The Fund may also not be 
able to receive the portfolio security’s fair value if the Fund should sell the 
security.  To the extent the Fund invests in other open-end investment 
companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 
1940, the Fund’s net asset value calculations are based upon the net 
asset value reported by such registered open-end investment companies, and the 
prospectuses for these companies explain the circumstances under which they will 
use fair value pricing and the effects of using fair value pricing.
 
Other 
Matters.  Purchases and redemptions of shares by the same 
shareholder on the same day will be netted for the Fund.
 
 
PURCHASING SHARES
 
You can 
make purchases directly from the Fund by mail or bank wire.  The Fund 
has also authorized one or more brokers to receive purchase and redemption 
orders on its behalf and such brokers are authorized to designate other 
financial intermediaries to receive orders on behalf of the 
Fund.  Such orders will be deemed to have been received by the Fund 
when an authorized broker, or broker-authorized designee, receives the order, 
subject to the order being in good form.  The orders will be priced at 
the particular fund’s net asset value next computed after the orders are 
received by the authorized broker, or broker-authorized 
designee.  Investors may also be charged a fee by a broker or agent if 
shares are purchased through a broker or agent.
 
The Fund 
reserves the right to (i) refuse to accept any request to purchase shares of the 
Fund for any reason or (ii) suspend its 
offering of shares at any time.
 
Regular Mail 
Orders.  Payment for shares must be made by check from a U.S. 
financial institution and payable in U.S. dollars.  Cash, money 
orders, and traveler’s checks will not be accepted by the Fund.  If 
checks are returned due to insufficient funds or other reasons, your purchase 
will be canceled.  You will also be responsible for any losses or 
expenses incurred by the Fund and 
its administrator and transfer agent.  The particular Fund(s) will 
charge a $35 fee and may redeem shares of the Fund(s) owned by the purchaser or 
another identically registered account in another series of the Trust to recover 
any such losses.
 
For 
regular mail orders, please complete a Fund Shares Application and mail it, 
along with your check made payable to the Fund, to:
 
Hillman 
Focused Advantage Fund
No Load 
Shares
c/o 
Nottingham Shareholder Services
116 South 
Franklin Street
Post 
Office Box 4365
Rocky 
Mount, North Carolina 27803-0365
 
Please remember 
to add a reference to the Fund to your check to ensure proper credit to your 
account.  The application 
must contain your Social Security Number (“SSN”) or Taxpayer Identification 
Number (“TIN”).  If you have applied for a SSN or TIN prior to 
completing your account application but you have not received your number, 
please indicate this on the application and include a copy of the form applying 
for the SSN or TIN.  Taxes are not withheld from distributions to U.S. 
investors if certain IRS requirements regarding the SSN and TIN are 
met.
 


  


14




  

By 
sending your check to the Fund, please be aware that you are authorizing the 
Fund to make a one-time electronic debit from your account at the financial 
institution indicated on your check.  Your bank account will be 
debited as early as the same day the Fund receives your payment in the amount of 
your check.  Your original check will be destroyed once processed, and 
you will not receive your canceled check back.  If the Fund cannot 
post the transaction electronically, you authorize the Fund to present an image 
copy of your check for payment.
 
Bank Wire 
Purchases.  Purchases may also be made through bank wire 
orders.  To establish a new account or add to an existing account by 
wire, please call the Fund at 1-800-773-3863 for wire 
instructions and to advise the Fund of the investment, dollar amount, and the 
account identification number.
 
Additional 
Investments.  You may also add to your account by mail or wire 
at any time by purchasing shares at the then current public offering 
price.  The minimum additional investment is $500.  Before 
adding funds by bank wire, please call the Fund at 1-800-773-3863 for wire 
instructions and to advise the Fund of the investment, dollar amount, and the 
account identification number.  Mail orders should include, if 
possible, the “Invest by Mail” stub that is attached to your confirmation 
statement.  Otherwise, please identify your account in a letter 
accompanying your purchase payment.
 
Purchases In 
Kind.  You may, if the Advisor approves, purchase shares of the 
Fund with securities that are eligible for purchase by the Fund (consistent with 
that particular Fund’s investment restrictions, policies, and goal) and that 
have a value that is readily ascertainable in accordance with the particular 
Fund’s valuation policies.  To ascertain whether your securities will 
qualify to be accepted as a purchase in kind for a particular Fund, please 
contact the Advisor at 1-800-773-3863.  If 
accepted, the securities will be valued using the same criteria and methods for 
valuing securities to compute that particular Fund’s net asset 
value.
 
Automatic Investment 
Plan.  The automatic investment plan enables shareholders to 
make regular monthly or quarterly investments in shares through automatic 
charges to their checking account.  With shareholder authorization and 
bank approval, the respective Fund will automatically charge the shareholder’s 
checking account for the amount specified ($100 minimum), which will be 
automatically invested in shares at the public offering price on or about the 
21st day 
of the month.  The shareholder may change the amount of the investment 
or discontinue the plan at any time by writing the appropriate 
Fund.
 
Stock 
Certificates.  The Fund normally does not issue stock 
certificates.  Evidence of ownership of shares is provided through 
entry in the Fund’s share registry.  Investors will receive periodic 
account statements (and, where applicable, purchase confirmations) that will 
show the number of shares owned.
 
Important Information about 
Procedures for Opening a New Account.  Under the Uniting and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and 
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act of 2001), the Fund is required 
to obtain, verify, and record information to enable the Fund to form a 
reasonable belief as to the identity of each customer who opens an 
account.  Consequently, when an investor opens an account, the 
appropriate Fund(s) will ask for the investor’s name, street address, date of 
birth (for an individual), social security or other tax identification number 
(or proof that the investor has filed for such a number), and other information 
that will allow the Fund to identify the investor.  The Fund may also 
ask to see the investor’s driver’s license or other identifying 
documents.  An investor’s account application will not be considered 
“complete” and, therefore, an 
 


  


15




  

account 
will not be opened and the investor’s money will not be invested until the Fund 
receives this required information.  If after opening the investor’s 
account, the Fund is unable to verify the investor’s identity after reasonable 
efforts, as determined by the Fund in its sole discretion, the Fund may 
(i) restrict further investments until the investor’s identity is verified; 
and (ii) close the investor’s account without notice and return the investor’s 
redemption proceeds to the investor.  If the Fund closes an investor’s 
account because the Fund was unable to verify the investor’s identity, the Fund 
will value the account in accordance with the Fund’s next net asset value 
calculated after the investor’s account is closed.  In that case, the 
investor’s redemption proceeds may be worth more or less than the investor’s 
original investment.  The Fund will not be responsible for any losses 
incurred due to the Fund’s inability to verify the identity of any investor 
opening an account.
 
 
REDEEMING YOUR SHARES
 
Regular Mail 
Redemptions.  Regular mail redemption requests should be 
addressed to:
 
Hillman 
Focused Advantage Fund
No Load 
Shares
c/o 
Nottingham Shareholder Services
116 South 
Franklin Street
Post 
Office Box 4365
Rocky 
Mount, North Carolina 27803-0365
 
Regular 
mail redemption requests should include the following:
 





  
      

(1)

Your 
      letter of instruction specifying the Fund, account number, and number of 
      shares (or the dollar amount) to be redeemed.  This request must 
      be signed by all registered shareholders in the exact names in which they 
      are registered;





  
      

(2)

Any 
      required signature guarantees (see “Signature Guarantees” below); 
      and





  
      

(3)

Other 
      supporting legal documents, if required in the case of estates, trusts, 
      guardianships, custodianships, corporations, partnerships, pension or 
      profit sharing plans, and other 
entities.
 
Your 
redemption proceeds normally will be sent to you within 7 days after receipt of 
your redemption request.  The Fund may delay forwarding a redemption 
check for recently purchased shares while the Fund determines whether the 
purchase payment will be honored.  Such delay (which may take up to 15 
days from the date of purchase) may be reduced or avoided if the purchase is 
made by certified check or wire transfer.  In all cases, the net asset 
value next determined after receipt of the request for redemption will be used 
in processing the redemption request.
 


  


16




  

Telephone and Bank Wire 
Redemptions.  Unless you decline the telephone transaction 
privileges on your account application, you may redeem shares of the Fund by 
telephone.  You may also redeem shares by bank wire under certain 
limited conditions.  The Fund will redeem shares in this manner when 
so requested by the shareholder only if the shareholder confirms redemption 
instructions in writing, using the instructions above.
 
The Fund 
may rely upon confirmation of redemption requests transmitted via facsimile 
(FAX# 252-972-1908).  The confirmation instructions must include the 
following:
 





  
      

(1)

Name 
      of Fund;





  
      

(2)

Shareholder(s) 
      name and account number;





  
      

(3)

Number 
      of shares or dollar amount to be 
redeemed;





  
      

(4)

Instructions 
      for transmittal of redemption proceeds to the shareholder; 
    and





  
      

(5)

Shareholder 
      signature(s) as it/they appear(s) on the application then on file with the 
      Fund.
 
Redemption 
proceeds will not be distributed until written confirmation of the redemption 
request is received, per the instructions above.  You can choose to 
have redemption proceeds mailed to you at your address of record, your financial 
institution, or to any other authorized person, or you can have the 
proceeds sent by wire transfer to your financial 
institution ($5,000 minimum).  Redemption proceeds cannot be 
wired on days in which your financial 
institution is not open for business.  You can change your 
redemption instructions anytime you wish by filing a letter including your new 
redemption instructions with the Fund.  See “Signature Guarantees” 
below.
 
The Fund, 
in its discretion, may choose to pass through to redeeming shareholders any 
charges imposed by the Fund’s custodian for wire redemptions.  If this 
cost is passed through to redeeming shareholders by the Fund, the charge will be 
deducted automatically from your account by redemption of shares in your 
account.  Your bank or brokerage firm may also impose a charge for 
processing the wire.  If wire transfer of funds is impossible or 
impractical, the redemption proceeds will be sent by regular mail to the 
designated account.
 
You may 
redeem shares, subject to the procedures outlined above, by calling the Fund at 
1-800-773-3863.  Redemption 
proceeds will only be sent to the financial institution account or person named 
in your Fund Shares Application currently on file with the 
Fund.  Telephone redemption privileges authorize the Fund to act on 
telephone instructions from any person representing himself or herself to be the 
investor and reasonably believed by the Fund to be genuine.  The Fund 
will employ reasonable procedures, such as requiring a form of personal 
identification, to confirm that instructions are genuine.  The Fund 
will not be liable for any losses due to fraudulent or unauthorized 
instructions.  The Fund will also not be liable for following 
telephone instructions reasonably believed to be genuine.
 
Systematic Withdrawal 
Plan.  A shareholder who owns shares of the Fund valued at 
$10,000 or more at the current offering price may establish a systematic 
withdrawal plan to receive a monthly or quarterly check in a stated amount (not 
less than $100).  Each month or quarter, as specified, the Fund will 
automatically redeem sufficient shares from your account to meet the specified 
withdrawal amount.  The shareholder may establish this service whether 
dividends and distributions are reinvested in shares of the Fund or paid in 
cash.  Call or write the Fund for an application form.
 


  


17




  

Minimum Account 
Size.  The Trustees reserve the right to redeem involuntarily 
any account having a net asset value of less than $5,000 (due to redemptions, 
exchanges, or transfers, and not due to market action) upon 30-days’ prior 
written notice.  If the shareholder brings his account net asset value 
up to at least $5,000 during the notice period, the account will not be 
redeemed.  Redemptions from retirement accounts may be subject to 
federal income tax.
 
Redemptions In 
Kind.  The Fund does not intend, under normal circumstances, to 
redeem its shares by payment in kind.  It is possible, however, that 
conditions may arise in the future which would, in the opinion of the Trustees, 
make it undesirable for the Fund to pay for all redemptions in 
cash.  In such cases, the Trustees may authorize payment to be made in 
readily marketable portfolio securities of the Fund.  Securities 
delivered in payment of redemptions would be valued at the same value assigned 
to them in computing the Fund’s net asset value per 
share.  Shareholders receiving them bear the market risks associated 
with the securities until they have been converted into cash and would incur 
brokerage costs when these securities are sold.  An irrevocable 
election has been filed under Rule 18f-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
wherein the Fund committed itself to pay redemptions in cash, rather than in 
kind, to any share­holder of record of that Fund who redeems during any 
90-day period, the lesser of (i) $250,000 or (ii) 1% of the Fund’s net asset 
value at the beginning of such period.
 
Signature 
Guarantees.  To protect your account and the Fund from fraud, 
signature guarantees may be required to be sure that you are the person who has 
authorized a change in registration or standing instructions for your 
account.  Signature guarantees are generally required for 
(i) change of registration requests; (ii) requests to establish or to 
change exchange privileges or telephone and bank wire redemption service other 
than through your initial account application; (iii) transactions where proceeds 
from redemptions, dividends, or distributions are sent to an address or 
financial institution differing from the address or financial institution of 
record; and (iv) redemption requests in excess of $50,000.  Signature 
guarantees are acceptable from a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, a 
savings and loan institution, credit union (if authorized under state law), 
registered broker-dealer, securities exchange, or association clearing agency 
and must appear on the written request for change of registration, establishment 
or change in exchange privileges, or redemption request.
 
Miscellaneous.  All 
redemption requests will be processed and payment with respect thereto will 
normally be made within 7 days after tender.  The Fund reserves the 
right to suspend any redemption request involving 
recently purchased shares until the check for the recently purchased shares has 
cleared.  The Fund may suspend redemption, if permitted by the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, for any period during which the New York Stock 
Exchange is closed or during which trading is restricted by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or if the Securities and Exchange Commission declares that 
an emergency exists.  Redemptions may also be suspended during other 
periods permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the protection 
of each of the Fund’s shareholders.  During drastic economic and 
market changes, telephone redemption privileges may be difficult to 
implement.
 
 
PURCHASING OR REDEEMING SHARES
THROUGH 
A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY
 
Certain 
financial intermediaries have agreements with the Fund that allow them to enter 
purchase or redemption orders on behalf of clients and 
customers.  These orders will be priced at the NAV next computed after 
the orders are received by the financial intermediary, subject to the order 
being in good form.  Under this arrangement, the financial 
intermediary has a duty to transmit promptly to the Fund each purchase order or 
redemption request that the intermediary receives on the Fund’s behalf and must 
send your payment to the Fund by the time shares are priced on the following 
business day.  The Fund is not responsible for ensuring that a 
financial intermediary carries out its obligations.  You should look 
to the financial intermediary through whom you wish to invest for specific 
instructions on how to purchase or redeem shares of the Fund.
 


  


18




  

 
FREQUENT PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS
 
Frequent 
purchases and redemptions (“Frequent Trading”) of shares of the Fund may present 
a number of risks to other shareholders of the Fund.  These risks may 
include, among other things, dilution in the value of shares of the Fund held by 
long-term shareholders, interference with the efficient management by the 
Advisor of the Fund’s portfolio holdings, and increased brokerage and 
administration costs.  Due to the potential of a thin market for the 
Fund’s portfolio securities, as well as overall adverse market, economic, 
political, or other conditions affecting the sale price of portfolio securities, 
the Fund could face untimely losses as a result of having to sell portfolio 
securities prematurely to meet redemptions.  Current shareholders of 
the Fund may face unfavorable impacts as portfolio securities concentrated in 
certain sectors may be more volatile than investments across broader ranges of 
industries.  Sector-specific market or economic developments may make 
it more difficult to sell a significant amount of shares at favorable prices to 
meet redemptions.  Frequent Trading may also increase portfolio 
turnover which may result in increased capital gains taxes for shareholders of 
the Fund.  These capital gains could include short-term capital gains 
taxed at ordinary income tax rates.
 
The 
Trustees have adopted a policy that is intended to identify and discourage 
Frequent Trading by shareholders of the Fund.  Under the Fund’s 
policy, the Advisor has the discretion to refuse further purchase and/or 
exchange orders from an investor if the Advisor believes the investor has a 
pattern of Frequent Trading that the Advisor considers not to be in the best 
interests of the other shareholders.  To assist the Advisor in 
identifying possible Frequent Trading patterns, the Fund’s transfer agent 
provides a daily record of the Fund’s shareholder trades to the 
Advisor.  The Fund’s transfer agent also assists the Advisor in 
monitoring and testing shareholder purchase and redemption orders for possible 
incidents of Frequent Trading.  Under the Fund’s policy regarding 
Frequent Trading, the Fund intends to limit investments from investor accounts 
that purchase and redeem shares over a period of less than ten days in which 
(i) the redemption amount is within ten percent of the previous purchase 
amount(s); (ii) the redemption amount is greater than $10,000; and (iii) two or 
more such redemptions occur during a 60 calendar day period.  In the 
event such a purchase and redemption pattern occurs, an investor account and any 
other account with the same taxpayer identification number will be precluded 
from investing in that Fund (including investments that are part of an exchange 
transaction) for at least 30 calendar days after the redemption 
transaction.
 
This 
policy is intended to apply uniformly, except that the Fund may not be able to 
identify or determine that a specific purchase and/or redemption is part of a 
pattern of Frequent Trading or that a specific investor is engaged in Frequent 
Trading, particularly with respect to transactions made through accounts such as 
omnibus accounts or accounts opened through third-party financial intermediaries 
such as broker-dealers and banks (“Intermediary 
Accounts”).  Therefore, this policy is not applied to omnibus accounts 
or Intermediary Accounts.  Omnibus account arrangements permit 
multiple investors 
 


  


19




  

to 
aggregate their respective share ownership positions and to purchase, redeem, 
and exchange shares of the Fund without the identity of the particular 
shareholders being known to the Fund.  Like omnibus accounts, 
Intermediary Accounts normally permit investors to purchase, redeem, and 
exchange shares of the Fund without the identity of the underlying shareholder 
being known to the Fund.  Accordingly, the ability of the Fund to 
monitor and detect Frequent Trading through omnibus accounts and Intermediary 
Accounts would be very limited, and there would be no guarantee that the Fund 
could identify shareholders who might be engaging in Frequent Trading through 
such accounts or curtail such trading.  The policy will also not apply 
if the Advisor determines that a purchase and redemption pattern is not a 
Frequent Trading pattern intended to respond to short-term fluctuations in the 
securities markets, such as inadvertent errors that result in frequent purchases 
and redemptions.  Inadvertent errors shall include purchases and/or 
redemptions made unintentionally or by mistake (e.g., where an investor 
unintentionally or mistakenly invests in the Fund and redeems immediately after 
recognizing the error).  The investor shall have the burden of proving 
to the sole satisfaction of the Advisor that a frequent purchase and redemption 
pattern was a result of an inadvertent error.  In such a case, the 
Advisor may choose to allow further purchase and/or exchange orders for such 
investor account.
 
Intermediaries 
may apply frequent trading policies that differ from those described in this 
Prospectus.  In you invest with the Fund through an intermediary, 
please read that firm’s program materials carefully to learn of any rules or 
fees that may apply.
 
Although 
the Fund has have taken steps to discourage Frequent Trading of the Fund’s 
shares, there is no guarantee that such trading will not occur.
 


  


20




  

OTHER 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
 
DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS, AND TAXES
 
The 
following information is meant as a general summary for U.S. 
taxpayers.  Additional tax information appears in the Statement of 
Additional Information.  Shareholders should rely on their own tax 
advisors for advice about the particular federal, state, and local tax 
consequences of investing in the Fund.
 
The Fund 
will distribute most of its income and realized gains to shareholders every 
year.  Dividends paid by the Fund derived from net investment income, 
if any, will generally be paid monthly or quarterly and capital gains 
distributions, if any, will be made at least annually.  Shareholders 
may elect to take dividends from net investment income or capital gains 
distributions, if any, in cash or reinvest them in additional Fund 
shares.  Although the Fund will not be taxed on amounts it 
distributes, shareholders will generally be taxed on distributions, regardless 
of whether distributions are paid by the Fund in cash or are reinvested in 
additional Fund shares.  Such distributions may be taxed as ordinary 
income or capital gains (which may be taxable at different rates depending on 
the length of time the Fund held its assets).  Distributions may be 
subject to state and local taxes, as well as federal taxes.
 
In 
general, a shareholder who sells or redeems shares will realize a capital gain 
or loss, which will be long-term or short-term, depending upon the shareholder’s 
holding period for the Fund shares.  An exchange of shares may be 
treated as a sale and any gain may be subject to tax.
 
As with 
all mutual funds, the Fund may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax 
at the fourth lowest rate for taxpayers filing as unmarried individuals 
(presently 28%) for all taxable distributions payable to shareholders who fail 
to provide the Fund with their correct taxpayer identification numbers or to 
make required certifications, or who have been notified by the IRS that they are 
subject to backup withholding.  Backup withholding is not an 
additional tax; rather, it is a way in which the IRS ensures it will collect 
taxes otherwise due.  Any amounts withheld may be credited against a 
shareholder’s U.S. federal income tax liability.
 
Shareholders 
should consult with their own tax advisors to ensure that distributions and sale 
of Fund shares are treated appropriately on their income tax 
returns.
 
 
BENCHMARK DESCRIPTIONS
 
The Fund 
compares its performance to standardized indices or other measures of investment 
performance.  In particular, the Fund compares its performance to the 
S&P 500 Total Return Index, which is generally considered to be 
representative of the performance of common stocks in the United States 
securities markets.  Comparative performance may also be expressed by 
reference to a ranking prepared by a mutual fund monitoring service or by one or 
more newspapers, newsletters, or financial periodicals.
 


  


21




  






FINANCIAL 
HIGHLIGHTS



 
The 
financial highlights table below is intended to help you understand the 
financial performance of the Fund’s No Load Shares for the last five fiscal 
years.  Certain information reflects financial results for a single 
Fund share.  The total returns in the tables represent the rate that 
an investor would have earned or lost on an investment in the Fund (assuming 
reinvestment of all dividends and distributions).  The financial data 
included in the tables below have been derived from audited financial statements 
of the Fund.  The financial data in the tables for each fiscal year 
have been audited by BBD, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, 
whose report covering such years is incorporated by reference into the Statement 
of Additional Information.  This information should be read in 
conjunction with the Fund’s latest audited annual financial statements and notes 
thereto, which are also incorporated by reference into the Statement of 
Additional Information, copies of which may be obtained at no charge by calling 
the Fund.  Further information about the performance of the Fund is 
contained in the Annual Reports of the Fund, copies of which may also be 
obtained at no charge by calling the Fund at 1-800-773-3863.
 
The 
Hillman Focused Advantage Fund – No Load Shares
(For 
A Share Outstanding Throughout Each Year)
 




  
      

Year 
      ended 
September 
      30,
2011

Year 
      ended 
September 
      30,
2010

Year 
      ended 
September 
      30,
2009

Year 
      ended 
September 
      30,
2008

Year 
      ended 
September 
      30,
2007


Net 
      asset value, beginning of year

$10.46

$9.68

$9.76

$16.15

$15.26


Income 
      (Loss) from investment operations:
Net investment 
      income
Net realized and unrealized 
      (loss) gain on securities
Total 
      from investment operations

 
0.07
(0.73)
(0.66)

 
0.04
0.85
0.89

 
0.13
(0.11)
0.02

 
0.20
(5.17)
(4.97)

 
0.09
1.97
2.06


Less 
      distributions:
Dividends (from net investment 
      income)
Distributions (from capital 
      gains)
Total 
      distributions

 
(0.03)
   --   
(0.03)

 
(0.11)
   --   
(0.11)

 
(0.06)
(0.04)
(0.10)

 
(0.17)
(1.25)
(1.42)

 
(0.13)
(1.04)
(1.17)


Net 
      asset value, end of year

$9.77

$10.46

$9.68

$9.76

$16.15


Total return (a)(b)

(6.38)%

9.15 %

0.43 %

(32.96)%

13.81 %


Net assets, end of year (in 
      thousands)
Average 
      net assets for the year (in thousands)

$10,651
$13,620

$13,747
$16,460

$17,445
$16,774

$29,674
$84,158

$105,093
 $93,766


Ratio of gross expenses to 
      average net assets (c)
Ratio of net expenses to 
      average net assets (c)

1.50 
      %
1.50 
      %

2.91 
      %
2.05 
      %

2.89 
      %
1.45 
      %

1.74 
      %
1.48 
      %

1.71 
      %
1.48 
      %


Ratio 
      of net investment income to average net assets

0.58 
      %

0.23 
      %

1.29 
      %

0.98 
      %

0.60 
      %


Portfolio 
      turnover rate

16.10 
      %

13.84 
      %

29.79 
      %

47.31 
      %

37.86 
      %
 
(a) 
Total return does not reflect payment of sales charge, if any.
(b) 
Includes adjustments in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States and, consequently, the net asset value for financial 
reporting purposes and the returns based upon those net asset values may differ 
from the net asset values and returns for shareholder transactions.
(c) 
The expense ratios listed reflect total expenses prior to any waivers and 
reimbursements (gross expense ratio) and after any waivers and reimbursements 
(net expense ratio).
 


  


22




  


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


 



 
HILLMAN 
FOCUSED ADVANTAGE FUND

NO 
LOAD SHARES
 





Additional 
information about the Fund is available in the Fund’s Statement of Additional 
Information, which is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus.  Additional information about the Fund’s investments is 
also available in the Fund’s Annual and Semi-annual Reports to 
shareholders.  The Fund’s Annual Reports include a discussion of 
market conditions and investment strategies that significantly affected the 
Fund’s performance during its last fiscal year.
 
The 
Statement of Additional Information and the Annual and Semi-annual Reports are 
available free of charge on the Fund’s website listed below and upon request 
(you may also request other information about the Fund or make shareholder 
inquiries) as follows:
 






  
      

By 
      telephone:

1-800-773-3863

  
      
  
      
  
      

  
      

By 
      mail:

Hillman 
      Focused Advantage Fund

  
      
  
      

No 
      Load Shares

  
      
  
      

c/o 
      Nottingham Shareholder Services

  
      
  
      

116 
      South Franklin Street

  
      
  
      

Post 
      Office Box 4365

  
      
  
      

Rocky 
      Mount, North Carolina 27803-0365

  
      
  
      
  
      

  
      

By 
      e-mail:

info@ncfunds.com 
      

  
      
  
      
  
      

  
      

On 
      the Internet:

www.hillmancapital.com

  
      
  
      
  
      


Information 
about the Fund (including the Statement of Additional Information) can also be 
reviewed and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room in Washington, 
D.C.  Inquiries on the operations of the public reference room may be 
made by calling the SEC at 1-202-551-8090.  Reports and other 
information about the Fund are available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC’s 
Internet site at http://www.sec.gov, and copies of this information may be 
obtained, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the 
following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov, or by writing the SEC’s Public 
Reference Section, Washington, D.C. 20549-1520.


Investment 
Company Act file number 811-10085
 
 

 



  


  




			Hillman Capital Management > Home ( DNN 3.2.2 )
		




































 























































 








         Add “Uncommon Foresight” to Your Portfolio• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login





              Grow Your Practice with Hillman Capital• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login





         Our “Uncommon Foresight” and Your Good Advice• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login





                The Advantages of Uncommon Foresight• Overview• Mutual Funds• Investment Products• New Accounts• Login








7250 Woodmont Ave, Suite 310 • Bethesda, MD 20814Office 240.744.4500   Toll Free 800.226.0206info@hillmancapital.com




 





© 2012 All Rights Reserved Hillman Capital Management | Legal/Privacy










 













 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


