





Anthera Pharmaceuticals Promotes Colin Hislop, M.D., to Chief Medical Officer (NASDAQ:ANTH)

























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Jun 3, 2010



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Anthera Pharmaceuticals Promotes Colin Hislop, M.D., to Chief Medical Officer
HAYWARD, Calif., June 3, 2010 /PRNewswire via COMTEX News Network/ -- Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ANTH), a biopharmaceutical company developing therapeutics to treat serious diseases associated with inflammation and autoimmune disorders, today announced Colin Hislop, M.D. has been promoted to the role of Chief Medical Officer of Anthera. Dr. Hislop replaces James E. Pennington, M.D., who will continue to serve as Anthera's Senior Clinical Fellow.
"Since the early days of Anthera, Colin has done an extraordinary job heading up the advancement of our cardiovascular program and the in-licensing of A-623 from Amgen. We look forward to accelerating our clinical programs under his capable leadership at Anthera," stated Paul F. Truex, President and Chief Executive Officer of Anthera Pharmaceuticals. "We greatly appreciate Jim's hard work, mentorship, and clinical leadership over the past three years. He has been a driving force behind our development strategies and has provided a level of strategic insight that we are fortunate to continue to access in his new role as Senior Clinical Fellow."
Dr. Hislop has served as Anthera's Senior Vice President of Cardiovascular Products since 2005. Prior to joining Anthera' he was Vice President of Clinical Development for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals' Inc., where he oversaw three global development programs for Peninsula's anti-infective product portfolio, including Doribax(R) (doripenem) and ceftaroline. Dr. Hislop has over 15 years of drug development expertise in a number of areas, including cardiovascular' endocrinology' allergy/asthma' and infectious disease. While Vice President of Clinical Research at CV Therapeutics' Dr. Hislop was the development leader for the company's first product, Ranexa(R) (ranolazine), and championed the NDA efforts for this cardiovascular compound. Prior to CVT' Dr. Hislop spent seven years at Proctor and Gamble as the worldwide clinical development manager for P&G's osteoporosis drug, 
Actonel(R) (risedronate sodium). He also worked at Eli Lilly and Company in the UK as a medical advisor for the endocrinology group. Dr. Hislop has a B.Sc. from University of Surrey in Medical Biochemistry and an M.D., B.S. from the University of London.
Dr. Pennington has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry during which he was responsible for 14 NDA and BLA approvals in the United States and 10 product approvals in countries outside the US. He joined Anthera in 2007 from CoTherix, Inc. where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of a biopharmaceutical company focused on licensing, developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. Previously, he was Executive Vice President, Medical and Scientific Affairs and Chief Medical Officer of InterMune, Inc., a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company focused on the development, applied research and marketing of life-saving therapies for pulmonary and hepatic diseases, and also served as Vice President of Biological and Biotechnology Clinical Development of Bayer Corporation for 11 years. 
Prior to entering the pharmaceutical industry, Dr. Pennington also has years of experience in academia at Harvard Medical School and the University of California, San Francisco. He attended the University of Oregon School of Medicine to earn his medical degree and is board certified in internal medicine and infectious disease.
About Anthera Pharmaceuticals
Anthera Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products to treat serious diseases associated with inflammation, including cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases. Anthera has one Phase 3 clinical program, A-002, and two Phase 2 clinical programs, A-623 and A-001. A-002 and A-001 inhibit a novel enzyme target known as secretory phospholipase A2, or sPLA2. Elevated levels of sPLA2 have been implicated in a variety of acute inflammatory conditions, including acute coronary syndrome and acute chest syndrome, as well as chronic diseases such as stable coronary artery disease, or CAD. Anthera's Phase 2 product candidate, A-623, targets elevated levels of B-lymphocyte stimulator, or BLyS, which has been associated with a variety of B-cell mediated autoimmune diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus, or lupus. For more information, 
please visit www.anthera.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
Any statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical matters are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the anticipated initiation of Anthera's clinical studies, anticipated duration and expected results of these studies, and the progression of Anthera's products through future stages of clinical development. These forward-looking statements are based on Anthera's expectations as of the date of this press release and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially as set forth in the Company's public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Anthera's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2010. Anthera disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
CONTACT: Juliane Snowden of Burns McClellan, Inc., jsnowden@burnsmc.com or 212.213.0006
SOURCE  Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Copyright (C) 2010 PR Newswire. All rights reserved 









    Colin Hislop | Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com




Versartis Appoints Colin Hislop, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer (NASDAQ:VSAR)






























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Mar 30, 2016



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Versartis Appoints Colin Hislop, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer

MENLO PARK, Calif., March  30, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Versartis, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAR), an endocrine-focused biopharmaceutical company that is developing somavaratan (VRS-317), a novel, long-acting form of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) for growth hormone deficiency (GHD), today announced that it has appointed Colin Hislop, M.D. as Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Hislop is an experienced drug development clinician with over 27 years of experience in both pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Jay Shepard, President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "We are very pleased to have Colin join the Versartis management team. He brings unique development leadership and strategic insight to the organization. His deep clinical experience throughout the product development process, especially in the support of regulatory strategies and initial marketing approvals, will make him a valuable addition to our team. I look forward to working with Colin to further advance our global somavaratan pediatric and adult GHD clinical programs." "It is a great privilege to be joining Versartis at such an exciting time. I am exceedingly impressed with the progress that has been made with the company's lead clinical program somavaratan, which has the potential to serve a critically important unmet need for patients with GHD. I look forward to joining Jay and his accomplished leadership team as we work toward bringing somavaratan to market for pediatric and adult GHD patients," said Colin Hislop, M.D. Dr. Hislop has broad therapeutic area experience, including in endocrine disease. He was most recently at Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. where he was a founding member of the management team and served as the Company's Chief Medical Officer. Before joining Anthera, Dr. Hislop was Vice President, Clinical Development for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and prior to that Vice President, Clinical Development for CV Therapeutics, Inc. He began his industry career with Eli Lilly & Company as a Medical Director for the endocrine portfolio in the UK before moving to Procter & Gamble Co. to lead the initial risedronate (Actonel™) development program. Dr. Hislop is a graduate of the Middlesex Hospital Medical School, University of London. Over the course of his career, Dr. Hislop has helped secure over $300 million in private and public equity financing, and has supported the in-licensing of compounds for development as well out-licensing and partnership opportunities. He has been involved in numerous regulatory interactions for drugs spanning from pre-IND to advisory committee meetings for approval. Among those drugs with approvals are ActonelTM, which went on to realize $1.0 billion in global sales, and RanexaTM, which was one of the key drivers behind Gilead's purchase of CV Therapeutics for $1.4 billion in 2009. About Versartis, Inc. Versartis, Inc. is an endocrine-focused biopharmaceutical company initially developing somavaratan (VRS-317), a novel, long-acting form of recombinant human growth hormone in late-stage clinical trials for the treatment of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in children and adults. Somavaratan is intended to reduce the burden of daily injection therapy by requiring significantly fewer injections, potentially improving compliance and, therefore, treatment outcomes. Versartis' clinical trials can be found at www.versartistrials.com. For more information on Versartis, visit www.versartis.com. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our intentions or current expectations concerning, among other things, plans and timing of our clinical trials and the potential for eventual regulatory approval of somavaratan. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those anticipated. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and our actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements after the date of this press release. Contacts:

Corporate & Investors:
Joshua Brumm
Chief Financial Officer
(650) 963-8582
IR@versartis.com

Corporate Communications: 
Christine Labaree
Evergreen Communications
(650) 600-1697
christine@evergreencomms.com

Investors:
Nick Laudico/David Burke
The Ruth Group
(646) 536-7030/7009
nlaudico@theruthgroup.com
dburke@theruthgroup.com








    Colin Hislop | Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 






Colin Hislop & Associates - Menlo Park, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Menlo Park



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Colin Hislop & Associates
                                    



 





















C 


Colin Hislop & Associates
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



785 ARBOR RD MENLO PARK, CA 94025
Get Directions



(650) 327-8876





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Colin Hislop







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Colin Hislop & Associates was founded in 2008. Colin Hislop & Associates specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Versartis Appoints Colin Hislop, M.D., As Chief Medical Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Versartis Appoints Colin Hislop, M.D., As Chief Medical Officer






GlobeNewswire



Mar 30, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













 




























































 MENLO PARK, Calif., March 30, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Versartis, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAR), an endocrine-focused biopharmaceutical company that is developing somavaratan (VRS-317), a novel, long-acting form of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) for growth hormone deficiency (GHD), today announced that it has appointed Colin Hislop, M.D. as Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Hislop is an experienced drug development clinician with over 27 years of experience in both pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Jay Shepard, President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "We are very pleased to have Colin join the Versartis management team. He brings unique development leadership and strategic insight to the organization. His deep clinical experience throughout the product development process, especially in the support of regulatory strategies and initial marketing approvals, will make him a valuable addition to our team. I look forward to working with Colin to further advance our global somavaratan pediatric and adult GHD clinical programs." "It is a great privilege to be joining Versartis at such an exciting time. I am exceedingly impressed with the progress that has been made with the company's lead clinical program somavaratan, which has the potential to serve a critically important unmet need for patients with GHD. I look forward to joining Jay and his accomplished leadership team as we work toward bringing somavaratan to market for pediatric and adult GHD patients," said Colin Hislop, M.D. Dr. Hislop has broad therapeutic area experience, including in endocrine disease. He was most recently at Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. where he was a founding member of the management team and served as the Company's Chief Medical Officer. Before joining Anthera, Dr. Hislop was Vice President, Clinical Development for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and prior to that Vice President, Clinical Development for CV Therapeutics, Inc. He began his industry career with Eli Lilly & Company as a Medical Director for the endocrine portfolio in the UK before moving to Procter & Gamble Co. to lead the initial risedronate (Actonel™) development program. Dr. Hislop is a graduate of the Middlesex Hospital Medical School, University of London.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Twitter Is One of Five Stocks Insiders Really Love Right Now
Insiders at these companies have been scooping up shares in their own organizations lately.



Roberto Pedone

Feb 15, 2017 2:04 PM EST
























Versartis' Pipeline Holds Big Promise
This small-cap biotech name could have further to run.



Bret Jensen

Jan 13, 2017 11:08 AM EST
























Versartis' Pipeline Holds Big Promise
This small-cap biotech name could have further to run.



Bret Jensen

Jan 13, 2017 11:00 AM EST
























Don't Tell Anyone: Insiders Are Buying These Stocks Like Crazy
Insiders at Infinity Pharmaceuticals and Och-Ziff Capital Management Group -- among other companies -- have been scooping up shares of their own stock lately.



Roberto Pedone

Jan 8, 2017 11:20 AM EST








































 











Trending


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


Chipotle Is Doomed Unless It Takes This One Dramatic Measure


As Snap Continues to Stumble, Should It Consider Selling Itself?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












