






The Kroger Co. - Management & Directors






























Back to the Corporate Site











Management & Directors
















































Vendors & Suppliers
Careers
Contact Us
Search


About Kroger
News Room
Investor Relations
Community
Sustainability




 Kroger Corporate 
 > 
 Investor Relations 
 > 
Corporate Governance
 > 
Management & Directors












































Investor Relations




Investor Relations

Corporate Governance

Information Concerning the Board of Directors
Compensation
Guidelines on Issues of Corporate Goverance
Policy on Business Ethics
Management & Directors
Committee Composition



Stock Information

Stock Chart
Historical Prices
Financial Calculators
Dividends


Ownership Summary
Quarterly Results
Events, Presentations & Webcasts
News Releases
SEC Filings
Analyst Coverage
Reports & Statements

Additional Information

Info Request & Contacts
Investor FAQs
Email Alerts






Investor Relations

Corporate Governance

Information Concerning the Board of Directors
Compensation
Guidelines on Issues of Corporate Goverance
Policy on Business Ethics
Management & Directors
Committee Composition



Stock Information

Stock Chart
Historical Prices
Financial Calculators
Dividends


Ownership Summary
Quarterly Results
Events, Presentations & Webcasts
News Releases
SEC Filings
Analyst Coverage
Reports & Statements

Additional Information

Info Request & Contacts
Investor FAQs
Email Alerts








Management & Directors








Management & Directors


 Expand All



Senior Management





Jessica C. Adelman
Group Vice President, Corporate Affairs








Jessica C. Adelman is Group Vice President of Corporate Affairs for The Kroger Co.  In this role, she focuses on reputation management, including external communications and brand public relations, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, media, government and regulatory affairs, crisis management, cause-marketing and corporate philanthropy and community relations.

Jessica has 20 years of experience as a Corporate Affairs executive in the food industry.  Most recently, she served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs for Syngenta North America, a leading agriculture company.  Jessica has also held several strategic leadership roles with other companies in the food value chain, including both Cargill and Monsanto.  She was named to her current role in 2015.

Jessica graduated from Dartmouth College and earned an M.B.A. from the Wharton School.  She also earned an M.A. in international relations from the University of Pennsylvania and an executive certificate in trade policy from the Harvard Kennedy School of Government.

Jessica, her husband and their three children are enjoying the welcoming community and vibrant city of Cincinnati.







Mary Ellen Adcock
Group Vice President of Retail Operations








Mary Ellen Adcock is Group Vice President of Retail Operations for The Kroger Co. In this role, she leads the Retail Operations team.

Mary Ellen joined Kroger in 1999 at our Country Oven Bakery in Bowling Green, Kentucky.  She held several leadership positions in Kroger Manufacturing, including Human Resources Manager, General Manager and Division Operations Manager.  She was promoted to Vice President of Deli/Bakery Manufacturing in 2009. In 2012, she was promoted to Vice President of Natural Foods and moved to the Columbus Division in 2014 as Vice President of Merchandising.







Stuart Aitken
Group Vice President








As CEO of 84.51°, Stuart Aitken leads the team of 500+ associates as they work together to put the consumer at the center of every business decision. With an extensive background in technology, marketing and managing large organizations, he’s a firm believer in using data science to make people’s lives easier. Stuart previously served as CEO of dunnhumbyUSA for six years. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for arts-and-crafts retailer Michael’s Stores.  For nearly a decade, he led marketing strategies, loyalty marketing, data analytics, innovation, and category management at Safeway. 


Stuart is originally from Scotland and lived in South Africa for 10 years before coming to the United States. He played rugby both those places and the US, and learned the value of teamwork and the power of courage. Stuart is an active participant for non-profits and businesses throughout the Tri-State community. He serves on the board of directors for the CincinnatiUSA Regional Chamber and on the board of trustees for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and the CBACM for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland.


He is married and has two children.


Stuart holds a bachelor’s and a master’s degree in Information Management and also worked as a software industry consultant and as a technology professor.







Robert W. Clark
Senior Vice President, Merchandising








Mr. Clark has responsibility for Digital Merchandising & Merchandising Services, Grocery, HBC Non-Perishables, Inventory & Replenishment, Pharmacy, Planning & Promotion, General Merchandise and Supply Chain. 

Robert joined Fry’s Food Stores in 1985 as a courtesy clerk. Since then, he has held various leadership positions, including store and district management as well as in Grocery Merchandising. In 2002, he was named vice president of Merchandising for Fry’s. In 2010, he was promoted to vice president of Operations for the Columbus Division before taking on the role of vice president of Merchandising for the Fred Meyer Division in 2011. He most recently served as group vice president, non-perishables.

He and his wife, Kelli, live in Northern Kentucky, and have two daughters, one son and five grandchildren.







Yael Cosset
GROUP VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER








Yael Cosset joined dunnhumby in 2009 as executive vice president of consumer markets. He was named global chief information officer in 2011 and led technology and product matters.
In 2015 he was named chief commercial officer and chief information officer of 84.51°. He also served as chief executive officer of KSS Retail, a dunnhumby company and global enterprise software provider of price modeling and optimization solutions for retailers worldwide.
In both roles, Mr. Cosset collaborated closely with executives at Kroger as well as Tesco, Macy's and Raley's among others, to deliver innovative customer insight and personalization platforms.
He was named to his current role in 2017. Mr. Cosset and his wife, Judy, live with their son in Greater Cincinnati.







Michael J. Donnelly
Executive Vice President of Merchandising








Mike leads the company’s Merchandising and Procurement teams for Grocery, Perishables, Drug/GM and

Pharmacy. He also has overall responsibility for Marketing, Loyalty, Corporate Brands, Digital, Merchandising 

Systems Strategy, Manufacturing, Logistics/Supply Chain, Culinary Innovation, The Little Clinic and Vitacost.


Mike began his career at Fry’s Food Stores in California in 1978. He advanced to several leadership positions at 

Fry’s, including district management. He was named vice president of Merchandising for Fry’s in 1995 and 

promoted to president of the Fry’s Division in 2000. After serving as senior vice president of Drug/General 

Merchandise in 2002, he resumed his role as president of Fry’s in 2003. He was named president of the Ralphs 

Division in 2007, and he was promoted to his current position in 2011.


Mike is a director at 84.51° and was a member of the Coca-Cola retailing research council.


Mike lives in Cincinnati, and enjoys spending time with his kids.







Christopher T. Hjelm
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer








Chris Hjelm is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for The Kroger Co.  He is responsible for

managing the company’s nationwide network of Information and Technology Systems, including systems used in 

retail stores, manufacturing plants, distribution centers and offices, as well as Research & Development.  He also 

oversees 84.51°, Aviation, Corporate Travel, Indirect Sourcing, and the Check Recovery Center.


Chris earned a bachelor’s degree from Colorado State University and an honorary Ph.D. from Colorado

Technical University.  Before joining Kroger in 2005, Chris was CIO of Cendant’s Travel Distribution Services.  

He also served as senior vice president for technology at eBay Inc., executive vice president at Excite@Home, 

and senior vice president and CIO at Federal Express Corp.


He serves on the board of directors for Kindred Healthcare, a public company that provides acute care

rehabilitation services.


Chris and his wife, Karen, live in Cincinnati and enjoy travel and golf with their three children and growing family.  

He has a particular passion for food and is an aspiring amateur chef.







Sukanya Madlinger
Senior Vice President








Sukanya is Senior Vice President of Retail Divisions for The Kroger Co., and has responsibility for several retail

divisions.


Sukanya joined Kroger in 1986 as a store management trainee and has held a variety of leadership positions in 

stores and Merchandising throughout her tenure. In 2003, she was named vice president of Drug/General 

Merchandise/Pharmacy Merchandising and Procurement for Kroger’s corporate office in Cincinnati. Sukanya 

returned to the Cincinnati/Dayton Division in 2008 as vice president of Merchandising, and was promoted to 

President of the Cincinnati/Dayton Division in 2010.


Sukanya earned a bachelor’s degree in Finance from Wright State University in Dayton.


She is a member of the board of directors for the Cincinnati chapter of Boys Hope Girls Hope, which supports 

local at-risk youth. She also worked with the local Muscular Dystrophy campaign and led Kroger’s Garnes-Ward 

Scholarship Program for minority students.


Sukanya was born in India and moved to the United States at the age of 2. She and her husband, Rick, live in 

Springboro, Ohio and have two children and one granddaughter.







Timothy A. Massa
Group Vice President of Human Resources & Labor Relations









Mr. Massa is Group Vice President of Human Resources & Labor Relations for The Kroger Company. His responsibilities include Labor Relations, Recruiting, Organization Design, Learning and Development, Succession Planning, Talent Development, and Performance Management.


Tim joined Kroger in October 2010. Prior to that, he served in numerous HR Leadership positions for 21 years at Procter & Gamble. This included 9 relocations across the US as well as 3 years based in Central Europe. Tim has an extensive global HR generalist background in Leadership Development, Performance Management, Strategy Development, and Employee Engagement. 
Tim earned a bachelor’s degree in Communications from The University of Dayton in 1989. He grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio and is married to Lisa Massa. Tim and Lisa live in Montgomery, Ohio with their two teenage daughters, Mallory and Morgan. 

Some of Tim’s key affiliations include:  
•	Cincinnatus Leadership Society Member of The United Way 
•	College of Mt. St. Joseph Board of Trustees member 
•	Freestore Foodbank Board of Trustees 
•	University of Dayton Champions and Scholars Program member 
•	Greater Cincinnati Fund Foundation Member 
•	Active member of The Network of Executive Women (NEW) Association 
•	HR for HR Executives Summit Board member 
•	Tickets for Kids Charities Member 







W. Rodney McMullen
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer








Mr. McMullen was elected Chairman of the Board in January 2015 and Chief Executive Officer of Kroger in January 2014. Mr. McMullen served as Kroger’s President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2009 to December 2013. Prior to that role, Mr. McMullen was elected to various roles at Kroger including Vice Chairman in 2003, Executive Vice President in 1999 and Senior Vice President in 1997. Mr. McMullen is a director of Cincinnati Financial Corporation and VF Corporation.

Mr. McMullen has broad experience in the supermarket business, having spent his career spanning over 37 years with Kroger. He has a strong financial background, having served as our CFO, and played a major role as architect of Kroger’s strategic plan. His service on the compensation, executive, and investment committees of Cincinnati Financial Corporation and the audit and nominating and governance committees of VF Corporation add depth to his extensive retail experience.

Age: 55
Director Since 2003
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer







Frederick J. Morganthall II
Executive Vice President, Retail Operations








Fred J. Morganthall, II is Executive Vice President, Retail Operations, for The Kroger Co.  He is responsible for all 

supermarket retail divisions.  In this role, Kroger’s three Senior Vice Presidents of Retail Operations report to him.  

Fred most recently served as Senior Vice President with direct responsibility for several retail divisions.  Prior to 

that, he served as President of Harris Teeter Supermarkets since 1997. He also served in various executive 

management positions at Harris Teeter, Inc. from 1986 – 1996 including Vice President of Merchandising, Vice 

President of Distribution, and Vice President of Operations.  Fred joined Harris Teeter in 1986 as Director of 

Grocery Merchandising.


Fred also brings with him knowledge of the grocery industry from Spartan Stores in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where

he worked from 1978 – 1986 and was responsible for grocery, frozen and dairy purchasing; general merchandise; 

and beauty care.  He also worked as a buyer for Viking Foods and began his career with Proctor & Gamble in 

1973. Fred has considerable board committee experience, served as Chairman for the Food Marketing Institute 

and was a member of the Spartan Stores Board of Directors from 2007-2012.  He holds a Bachelor of Science in 

Journalism from Bowling Green State University.


Fred has lived in Charlotte, N.C. for 28 years. He has two children and has been married 41 years.







J. Michael Schlotman
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer








Mike Schlotman is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Kroger Co. He is responsible for 

Accounting, Capital Management, Corporate Finance, Facility Engineering, Investor Relations, Pension 

Management, Real Estate, Shared Services, Tax and Treasury.  Additionally, he is responsible for Convenience 

Stores, Jewelry Stores, Corporate Reporting and Insights, Data Integrity and Risk Management.


He is a member of the board of directors of the Cincinnati/ Northern Kentucky International Airport.  He also 

serves on the Ohio National Board and the University of Cincinnati Economics Center Board.


Mike joined Kroger in 1985 and has held a variety of leadership positions in accounting, including vice president

and corporate controller. He was named group vice president and chief financial officer in 2000, and was named 

senior vice president in 2003.


Mike earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Kentucky.


He and his wife live in Cincinnati and have one son.







Reuben Shaffer
Chief Diversity Officer








Reuben Shaffer is Chief Diversity Officer for The Kroger Co., based in Cincinnati. He oversees comprehensive diversity initiatives for the company’s 338,000 associates, who work at more than 3,600 supermarkets, convenience and jewelry stores in 31 states as well as 40 food-processing plants and 33 distribution centers.


He is responsible for Kroger’s Supplier Diversity initiatives and ongoing commitment to create an inclusive business culture.


Reuben joined Kroger in 1988. He held a variety of leadership positions with the company through the years, including store and district management. He also served in Human Resources and Communications roles, including a position as vice president of Human Resources. Most recently, he served as vice president of Operations for Kroger’s Cincinnati/Dayton division, which operates 109 Kroger supermarkets in Ohio, Indiana and Northern Kentucky. He was named to his current position in 2011.


Reuben is a graduate of the University of Cincinnati. He is involved in several local community organizations, including the Cincinnati Association of the Blind and the Cincinnati Scholarship Foundation.


He and his wife, Kathy, live in Cincinnati and have one daughter and two grandchildren.







Erin Sharp
Group Vice President, Manufacturing








Erin Sharp is Group Vice President of Manufacturing for The Kroger Co., based in Cincinnati. She is responsible for Kroger’s network of manufacturing plants as well as Sourcing and Planning for all of Kroger Corporate Brands grocery products.


Erin joined Kroger in 2011 as vice president, Operations for the Manufacturing Division. She was promoted to her current role in 2013. Before joining the company, she served as vice president of Manufacturing for Sara Lee Corporation. In that role, Erin led the Manufacturing and Logistics Operations for the Central Region of their U.S. Fresh Bakery Division.


Erin earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of Western Ontario and a master’s in Business Administration from the University of Texas. Erin serves on the Board of Directors for the local Cincinnati Red Cross as well as serves on industry boards for the ABA (American Bakers Association) and IDFA (International Dairy Foods Association).







Alex Tosolini
Senior Vice President, New Business Development








Alex Tosolini is Senior Vice President of New Business Development for The Kroger Co.  He leads the strategic process to identify, evaluate, and develop new opportunities that capitalize on Kroger’s powerful assets and contribute to the Company’s continued growth and financial performance.

Alex joined Kroger in November 2014.  He has 24 years of experience as a global business executive for the Procter & Gamble Co., most recently serving as Senior Vice President of Global eBusiness and Vice President of Global eCommerce.  He held numerous leadership positions for P&G throughout his career, in the U.S. and internationally, and managed the development of innovative products and services in many lines of the business.

Alex was born and raised in Italy and earned a degree in Business Administration at Bocconi University in Milan before beginning his career with P&G in the United Kingdom in 1990.

He and his wife, Suzanne, have two children, and live in Cincinnati.







Mark Tuffin
Senior Vice President








Mark Tuffin is Senior Vice President of Retail Divisions for The Kroger Co.


Mark started his career in the grocery business at Tesco while studying economics in Maidstone, England. He held various positions with other supermarket retailers before joining Smith’s Food and Drug Stores in 1996. Smith’s became a retail division of The Kroger Co. in 1998.


At Smith’s, Mark served in a series of leadership roles and was named vice president of Merchandising in 1999. In 2009, he was promoted to vice president of Transition at Kroger’s general office in Cincinnati. In this role, he was responsible for implementing an organizational restructuring initiative affecting the company’s 18 retail divisions. Mark then moved back to Smith’s in 2011 to serve as president before taking on his current role as senior vice president for retail divisions in 2014.







Christine S. Wheatley
Group Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel








Christine Wheatley is Group Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel for The Kroger Co. and has responsibility for the legal matters of the company.

Prior to joining Kroger's Law Department in 2008, Christine was in the private practice of law for 11 years; most recently as a partner at Porter Wright Morris & Arthur in Cincinnati.  She was promoted to her current position in 2014.

Christine serves on the Board of The Legal Aid Society of Greater Cincinnati and represents Kroger on the Leadership Council on Legal Diversity.  She is the executive sponsor of the Alliance of Kroger associate resource group.

Christine has a B.A. in Economics from the University of Notre Dame and a J.D. from The Ohio State University College of Law.  Christine and her husband Bryan live in Cincinnati and enjoy spending time with their daughter and son.








Board of Directors





Nora A. Aufreiter
Director Since December 2014








Ms. Aufreiter is a Director Emeritus of McKinsey & Company, a global management consulting firm. She retired in June 2014 after more than 27 years with McKinsey, most recently as a director and senior partner. During that time, she worked extensively in the U.S., Canada, and internationally with major retailers, financial institutions and other consumerfacing companies. Before joining McKinsey, Ms. Aufreiter spent three years in financial services working in corporate finance and investment banking. She is a member of the Board of Directors of The Bank of Nova Scotia, The Neiman Marcus Group, and Cadillac Fairview, one of North America’s largest owners, operators and developers of commercial real estate. Ms. Aufreiter also serves on the boards of St. Michael’s Hospital and the Canadian Opera Company, and is a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board for the Ivey Business School in Ontario, Canada.

Ms. Aufreiter has over 30 years of broad business experience in a variety of retail sectors. Her vast experience in leading McKinsey’s North American Retail Practice, North American Branding service line and the Consumer Digital and Omnichannel service line is of particular value to the Board. She also brings to the Board valuable insight on commercial real estate.


Age: 56
Director Since: 2014
Committees: Financial Policy and Public Responsibilities







Robert D. Beyer
Director Since January 1999








Mr. Beyer is Chairman of Chaparal Investments LLC, a private investment firm and holding company that he founded in 2009. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Beyer served as Chief Executive Officer of The TCW Group, Inc., a global investment management firm. From 2000 to 2005, he served as President and Chief Investment Officer of Trust Company of the West, the principal operating subsidiary of TCW. Mr. Beyer is a member of the Board of Directors of The Allstate Corporation and Leucadia National Corporation. Mr. Beyer has decided not to seek re-election to Allstate’s board of directors at its annual meeting in May 2016, after ten years of service on its board.

Mr. Beyer brings to Kroger his experience as CEO of TCW, a global investment management firm serving many of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. He has exceptional insight into Kroger’s financial strategy, and his experience qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board. While at TCW, he also conceived and developed the firm’s risk management infrastructure, an experience that is useful to Kroger’s Board in performing its risk management oversight functions. His abilities and service as a director were recognized by his peers, who selected Mr. Beyer as an Outstanding Director in 2008 as part of the Outstanding Directors Program of the Financial Times. His strong insights into corporate governance form the foundation of his leadership role as Lead Director on the Board.


Age: 56
Director Since: 1999
Committees: Corporate Governance and Financial Policy







Anne Gates
DIRECTOR SINCE DECEMBER 2015








Ms. Gates is President of MGA Entertainment, Inc., a privately-held developer, manufacturer and marketer of toy and entertainment products 
for children, a position she has held since 2014. Ms. Gates held roles of increasing responsibility with The Walt Disney Company from 1992-2012. 
Her roles included executive vice president, managing director and chief financial officer for Disney Consumer Products and senior vice 
president of operations, planning and analysis. Prior to joining Disney, Ms. Gates worked for PepsiCo and Bear Stearns.
Ms. Gates has over 15 years of experience in the retail and consumer products industry. She brings to Kroger financial expertise gained while 
serving as President of MGA and CFO of a division of the Walt Disney Company. Ms. Gates has a broad business background in marketing, strategy 
and business development, including international business. Her expertise in toy and entertainment products is of particular value to the Board. 
Ms. Gates has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert.

Age: 56
Director Since 2015
Committees: Audit and Public Responsibilities







Susan J. Kropf
Director Since January 2007








Ms. Kropf was President and Chief Operating Officer of Avon Products Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of beauty care products, from 2001 until her retirement in January 2007. She joined Avon in 1970 and, during her tenure at Avon, Ms. Kropf also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Avon North America and Global Business Operations from 1998 to 2000 and President, Avon U.S. from 1997 to 1998. Ms. Kropf was a member of Avon’s Board of Directors from 1998 to 2006. She currently is a director of Avon Products Inc., Coach, Inc., and Sherwin Williams Company. In the past five years she also served as a director of MeadWestvaco Corporation.


Ms. Kropf has unique and valuable consumer insight, having led a major, publicly-traded retailer of beauty and related consumer products. She has extensive experience in manufacturing, marketing, supply chain operations, customer service, and product development, all of which assist her in her role as a member of Kroger’s Board. Ms. Kropf has a strong financial background, and has significant boardroom experience through her service on the boards of various public companies, including experience serving on compensation, audit, and corporate governance committees. She was inducted into the YWCA Academy of Women Achievers. 


Age: 67Director Since: 2007
Committees: Compensation and Corporate Governance







W. Rodney McMullen
Director Since January 2003








Mr. McMullen was elected Chairman of the Board in January 2015 and Chief Executive Officer of Kroger in January 2014. Mr. McMullen served as Kroger’s President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2009 to December 2013. Prior to that role, Mr. McMullen was elected to various roles at Kroger including Vice Chairman in 2003, Executive Vice President in 1999 and Senior Vice President in 1997. Mr. McMullen is a director of Cincinnati Financial Corporation and VF Corporation.

Mr. McMullen has broad experience in the supermarket business, having spent his career spanning over 37 years with Kroger. He has a strong financial background, having served as our CFO, and played a major role as architect of Kroger’s strategic plan. His service on the compensation, executive, and investment committees of Cincinnati Financial Corporation and the audit and nominating and governance committees of VF Corporation add depth to his extensive retail experience.

Age: 55
Director Since 2003
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer







Jorge P. Montoya
Director Since January 2007








Mr. Montoya was President of The Procter & Gamble Company’s Global Snacks & Beverage division, and President of Procter & Gamble Latin America, from 1999 until his retirement in 2004. Prior to that, he was an Executive Vice President of Procter & Gamble, a provider of branded consumer packaged goods, from 1995 to 1999. Mr. Montoya is a director of The Gap, Inc.


Mr. Montoya brings to Kroger’s Board over 30 years of leadership experience at a premier consumer products company. He has a deep knowledge of the Hispanic market, as well as consumer products and retail operations. Mr. Montoya has vast experience in marketing and general management, including international business. He was named among the 50 most important Hispanics in Business & Technology, in Hispanic Engineer & Information Technology Magazine.


Age: 69
Director Since: 2007
Committees: Compensation and Public Responsibilities







Clyde R. Moore
Director Since January 1997








Mr. Moore was the Chairman of First Service Networks, a national provider of facility and maintenance repair services, until his retirement in 2015. Prior to that he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of First Service Networks from 2000 to 2014.


Mr. Moore has over 30 years of general management experience in public and private companies. He has sound experience as a corporate leader overseeing all aspects of a facilities management firm and numerous manufacturing companies. Mr. Moore’s expertise broadens the scope of the Board’s experience to provide oversight to Kroger’s facilities, digital and manufacturing businesses. 


Age: 62Director Since: 1997
Committees: Compensation and Corporate Governance







James A. Runde
Director Since January 2006








Mr. Runde is a special advisor and a former Vice Chairman of Morgan Stanley, a financial services provider, where he was employed from 1974 until his retirement in 2015. He was a member of the Board of Directors of Burlington Resources Inc. prior to its acquisition by ConocoPhillips in 2006. Mr. Runde serves as a Trustee Emeritus of Marquette University and the Pierpont Morgan Library.


Mr. Runde brings to Kroger’s Board a strong financial background, having led a major financial services provider. He has served on the compensation committee of a major corporation. 


Age: 69
Director Since: 2006
Committees: Compensation and Financial Policy







Ronald L. Sargent
Director Since January 2006








Mr. Sargent is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Staples, Inc., a business products retailer, where he has been employed since 1989. Prior to joining Staples, Mr. Sargent spent 10 years with Kroger in various positions. In addition to serving as a director of Staples, Mr. Sargent is a director of Five Below, Inc. During the past five years, he was a director of Mattel, Inc. and The Home Depot, Inc.

Mr. Sargent has over 35 years of retail experience, first with Kroger and then with increasing levels of responsibility and leadership at Staples, Inc. His efforts helped carve out a new market niche for the international retailer that he leads. His understanding of retail operations and consumer insights are of particular value to the Board. Mr. Sargent has been designated an Audit Committee financial expert. 


Age: 60
Director Since: 2006
Committees: Audit and Public Responsibilities







Bobby S. Shackouls
Director Since January 1999








Mr. Shackouls was Chairman of the Board of Burlington Resources Inc., a natural resources business, from July 1997 until its merger with ConocoPhillips in 2006 and its President and Chief Executive Officer from December 1995 until 2006. Mr. Shackouls was also the President and Chief Executive Officer of Burlington Resources Oil and Gas Company (formerly known as Meridian Oil Inc.), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Burlington Resources, from 1994 to 1995. Mr. Shackouls is a director of Plains GP Holdings, L.P. and Oasis Petroleum Inc. During the past five years, Mr. Shackouls was a director of ConocoPhillips and PNGS GP LLC, the general partner of PAA Natural Gas Storage, L.P. Mr. Shackouls previously served as Kroger’s Lead Director.


Mr. Shackouls brings to the Board the critical thinking that comes with a chemical engineering background, as well as his experience leading a major natural resources company, coupled with his corporate governance expertise. 


Age: 65
Director Since: 1999
Committees: Audit and Corporate Governance







Mark S. Sutton
Director as of January 2017








Mr. Sutton is chairman and chief executive officer of International Paper, a leading global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper products. Prior to becoming CEO, he served as president and chief operating officer with responsibility for running the company's global business. Mr. Sutton joined International Paper in 1984 as an electrical engineer. He held roles of increasing responsibility throughout his career, including mill manager, vice president of corrugated packaging operations across Europe, the Middle East and Africa, vice president of corporate strategic planning, and senior vice president of several business units, including global supply chain, before being named CEO in 2014. Mr. Sutton is a member of The Business Council and the Business Roundtable. He serves on the boards of the American Forest & Paper Association and the International Advisory Board of the Moscow School of Management – Skolkovo. He also serves on the boards of Memphis Tomorrow and the New Memphis Institute.


Age: 55
Director as of: 2017
Committees: Audit and Public Responsibilities


















Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.















About Kroger
History of Kroger
Operations
Fact Book
Careers
Contact Us
Evidence of Insurance
Stay Connected
Facebook
Pinterest
@Kroger
@KrogerNews


News Room
Press Releases
Awards & Recognition
Multimedia Library
Media Contacts
Kroger in the News
Statements & Policies


Investor Relations
Investor FAQs
Reports & Statements
Webcasts


Community
Sustainability
Bringing Hope to the Table
Honoring Our Heroes
Sharing Courage
Community Rewards
Kroger Foundation


Vendors & Suppliers
Become a Supplier
Kroger Supplier Self-Registration
Supplier Diversity
Merchandise Compliance
Corporate Brands Vendors



The Kroger Family of Companies




































 All Comments © Copyright 2017 The Kroger Company All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map 

























Christopher T Hjelm - Cincinnati, OH | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher T Hjelm in Cincinnati, OH


Christopher T Hjelm

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher T Hjelm  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Cincinnati, OH.  We have connected them to
                19 addresses,
                14 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Christopher Todd Hjelm
Chris Todd Hjelm


Get Report Now

Age

Christopher T Hjelm is in his 50s

Christopher Has Lived In

Cincinnati, OH
Winnetka, IL
Los Altos, CA

Christopher's Relatives

Karen Hjelm
James Hjelm
Ronald Hjelm
Michelle Hjelm







Christopher T Hjelm



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at Kroger Co.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher T Hjelm
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher T Hjelm
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher T Hjelm
Get a People Search Report on Christopher T Hjelm


Christopher T Hjelm's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher T Hjelm has lived as well as Christopher T Hjelm's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher T Hjelm Has Lived in 8 States
Ohio Address for Christopher T Hjelm


987 P******** S* 

Cincinnati, OH


Has Lived In

Cincinnati, OH
Winnetka, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher T Hjelm

(513) ***-**** - Cincinnati, OH 
(864) ***-**** - Travelers Rest, SC 
(314) ***-**** - Saint Louis, MO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher T Hjelm

c**************m@***.net
c****m@***.com
c*********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Christopher T Hjelm's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Christopher T Hjelm's academic history.  Find out which schools Christopher T Hjelm attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Christopher T Hjelm received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher T Hjelm Has Attended 1 School
Colorado State University Christopher T Hjelm has a Bs in Computer Information Systems               


Christopher T Hjelm's Professional Information
Information regarding Christopher T Hjelm's professional history.  Find out previous places Christopher T Hjelm has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher T Hjelm Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Kroger Co.
               Title: Senior Vice President
Company: Kroger Co.
               Title: Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer
Christopher T Hjelm's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: Kroger Co.
Job Details
               The Kroger Co. is a retailer in the United States. The Company also manufactures and processes some of the food for sale in its supermarkets. As of January 31, 2009, the Company operated, either directly or through its subsidiaries, 2,481 supermarkets and multi-department stores, 781 of which had fuel centers. Approximately 43% of these supermarkets were operated in Company-owned facilities, including some Company-owned buildings on leased land. Supermarkets are operated in formats, such as combination food and drug stores (combo stores), multi-department stores, marketplace stores or price impact warehouses. It operates retail food and drug stores, multi-department stores, jewelry stores, and convenience stores throughout the United States.(Source: 10-K)
Title: Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Kroger Co.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100,000 and above
Additional Professional Information on Christopher T Hjelm

 See Christopher T Hjelm's LinkedIn Profile



Christopher T Hjelm's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher T Hjelm


Christopher T Hjelm's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher T Hjelm's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Hjelm
Username Matches

                  ChristopherHjelm
                  HjelmChristopher
                  Christopher.Hjelm
                  Hjelm.Christopher
                  Christopher_Hjelm
                  Hjelm_Christopher
                  Christopher-Hjelm
                  Hjelm-Christopher
                  CHjelm
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Hjelm







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 


Christopher Hjelm
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Christopher HjelmData Analytics Professional. Equities Trader. Angel Investor. Author and Blogger.LocationCincinnati, OhioIndustryInvestment ManagementCurrentHinge Consulting LLC, Mint Capital Group, LLCPreviousdunnhumbyUSA, dunnhumby, KrogerEducationUniversity of Cincinnati College of BusinessWebsitesBlogPersonal Website456 connectionsView Christopher’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Christopher’s Full ProfileChristopher’s ActivityHappy Friday!
In case you missed it, read our thoughts on...Christopher likedAwesome new product !!!Christopher likedA great POV by Graeme McVie on how category management has...Christopher likedVolunteering tax expertise at Cintrifuse today.  Line forms...Christopher likedI am thrilled to be able to share the news of IRI's...Christopher likedSummaryI leverage my analytics, finance, and consulting background to strategically invest in financial markets, established companies and emerging ideas. I am passionate about my community and devote my resources to helping Cincinnati businesses both large and small succeed.  Skills:  Day Trading, Swing Trading, Portfolio Management, Risk Management Entrepreneurship, SEO, Loyalty marketing, B2B business development, Data-led Innovation, Data Mining, Brand PositioningExperienceHead of Strategic Insights and AnalyticsHinge Consulting LLCMay 2017  –  Present (3 months)I lead analytics and product development with the goal of stewarding Hinge’s innovation toward optimal performance paths. Specific responsibilities include developing actionable market insights, design and commercialization of high impact e-commerce reporting, bringing new products to market, and identifying and facilitating mutually beneficial partnerships.FounderMint Capital Group, LLCSeptember 2014  –  Present (2 years 11 months)CEO of Mint Capital Group, LLC. Mint Capital Group is a boutique wealth management and equity research firm specializing in short-focused equity based positions.Client Investment: www.mintcapitalventures.comTrading Resources and Information: www.mintcapitaltrading.comBrand ConsultantdunnhumbyUSAFebruary 2014  –  September 2014 (8 months)Leverage big data and customer science to influence CPG business processes enabling them to inform national brand strategies, optimize ROI and win with their most loyal shoppers.Key areas of focus include helping companies win with New Product Development, Online/TV/Social Media Measurement, CRM management, and foundational shopper understanding.Senior Associate - Client LeadershipdunnhumbyJanuary 2012  –  February 2014 (2 years 2 months)Cincinnati Area, KYPartnered with global industry leading CPG companies to create measurable value by engaging and personalizing the shopping experience of their most loyal shoppers.Responsible for managing and securing $7.9MM in client investment from 4 of the world’s largest CPG companies. Managed, designed and executed custom studies that ranged from new product evaluation, new product development, shopper segmentation, targeted Primary Research, and online/TV media measurement. Key clients included HQ & field sales, category management, CRM/Media, shopper insights, innovation, consumer & customer insights and brand marketing.Analyst - Manufacturer PracticedunnhumbyUSAJune 2010  –  December 2011 (1 year 7 months)Analyst specializing in transforming shopper data into actionable insights helping some of the world’s biggest suppliers win with their best shoppers.Intern - Client LeadershipdunnhumbyJune 2009  –  August 2009 (3 months)Intern - Comms & Media, Campaign ManagementdunnhumbyJune 2008  –  August 2008 (3 months)Intern - AdvertisingKrogerJune 2007  –  August 2007 (3 months)Volunteer Experience & CausesCauses Christopher cares about:Arts and CultureEducationHealthScience and TechnologySkillsSocial Media MarketingAdvertisingCustomer AnalysisMarketing StrategyShopper MarketingConsumer BehaviourBrand LoyaltySegmentationCustomer InsightAnalyticsMarketing AnalyticsMarketingClient ServicesConsumer ProductsStrategic ConsultingSee 9+Loyalty MarketingMarketing ResearchCRM Program ManagementCRMFMCGLeadershipVenture CapitalTradingFinancial AnalysisSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of Cincinnati College of BusinessMaster of Business Administration (M.B.A.)Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)2016  –  2016University of Cincinnati College of BusinessGraduate Certificate, Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial StudiesGraduate Certificate, Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies2016  –  2016Graduate Certificate in EntrepreneurshipEmory University - Goizueta Business SchoolBBA, Finance, Information Systems and Organizational ManagementBBA, Finance, Information Systems and Organizational Management2006  –  2010Activities and Societies: Goizueta Investors
Outdoor Emory
Chi PhiWirtschaftsuniversität WienFinance, Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities LawFinance, Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities Law2008  –  2008Groupsdunnhumby Brand ConsultingChi Phi Gamma Chapter AlumniEmory University's Goizueta Business SchoolView Christopher’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Christopher directlyView Christopher’s Full ProfileNot the Christopher you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedYael CossetRodney McMullenPresident and Chief Operating Officer at KrogerChris ThurmanCategory Insights ManagerKimberly BarachKirk BallDan WestendorfDirector, Retail at Clear M&C SaatchiMatt CareyEVP CIO at The Home DepotAnnette HaterVice President KPS / Director - Office of the CIO, The Kroger Co.Paul MoultonEVP and CIO at CostcoRachael CrossAssociate Director at 84.51Public profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Christopher HjelmFirst NameLast NameExample:  Christopher HjelmChris HjelmExecutive Vice President & CIO at KrogerUnited StatesChris HjelmManager, Business Systems AnalysisUnited Stateschris hjelmStudent at Fayetteville Technical Community CollegeUnited StatesMore professionals named Christopher HjelmLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Success is failure turned inside out. If you're afraid to fail, you'll never succeed. Dorothy Herman, CEO of Douglas Elliman       Christopher Hjelm | Kroger Co. | ZoomInfo.com

Executive Profile | Kroger Company | Christopher T. (Chris) Hjelm | Customer Intelligence































































                    Home
                  




					About Us	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log Out















 











Christopher T. (Chris) Hjelm 

		
		EVP and CIO, 

	
		 Kroger Company 	

 
Last Updated: 05/07/2017 



Executive Summary
Hjelm is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Kroger Company, the country's largest supermarket chain by revenue. He was promoted into the position in September 2015. In this role, Hjelm continues to lead Kroger Technology, research & development and the company’s customer connect and support centers 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Hjelm and his wife, Karen, live in Cincinnati and enjoy travel and golf with their three children and growing family.
He has a particular passion for 
Current Focus

Company Snapshot: The Kroger Company, one of the world's largest retailers, employs nearly 400,000 associates who serve customers in more than 2,600 supermarkets and multi-department stores in 34 states and the Dist 
Biographical Highlights

Born in 1962.
Hjelm earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Information Systems from Colorado State University in 1983. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Member, Board of Directors, Excite@Home
Member, Board of Directors, RehabCare Group Inc. (2007 - Present) 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:
































© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




 

































Kroger IT Chief To Retire; Hjelm Named SVP/CIO | ProgressiveGrocer
















 


Skip to main content




 






 

 

 



ADVERTISE
SUBSCRIBE








            Search the Site          








            From          



Date 

 E.g., 07/21/2017



 



            To          



Date 

 E.g., 07/21/2017



 



Sort by 


Newest


Oldest


Relevance


NewestOldestRelevance




Order 


Asc


Desc


AscDesc




Items 
510204060





 


 




 

  




Choose Your Topic





 
















 




 


SUBSCRIBE TO PG 

Product Spotlight




 CELSIUS: PROVEN FITNESS DRINK 
  
   

 


Related Suppliers


Related Suppliers








 

Featured Research


Featured Research


Progressive Grocer - July 2017Grocerant Solutions- May 2017New Leader - April 2017 






Quick Stats


Quick Stats








 





You are hereHome » Research & Data » Market Trends

Kroger IT Chief To Retire; Hjelm Named SVP/CIO
CINCINNATI -- Michael S. Heschel will retire from the Kroger Co. here at the end of the fiscal year. Christopher T. Hjelm, an accomplished technology executive from outside food retailing, will join the chain later this month to replace Heschel.

August 8, 2005, 08:00 pm



CINCINNATI -- Michael S. Heschel will retire from the Kroger Co. here at the end of the fiscal year. Christopher T. Hjelm, an accomplished technology executive from outside food retailing, will join the chain later this month to replace Heschel.Heschel, 64, joined Kroger in 1991 as group v.p. of management information systems. Three years later, he was promoted to s.v.p. with responsibility for coordinating all MIS services, logistics and reengineering projects, and in 1995, was named to his most recent  post as e.v.p. and c.i.o., leading the national chain's information systems initiatives for the past decade."Over the past decade, Kroger has made significant investments in new technology and logistics to enable our stores, manufacturing plants, warehouses and offices to operate more efficiently," said David B. Dillon, Kroger's chairman and c.e.o. "These investments have provided our associates with many of the tools they need to better serve our customers. Through it all, Mike's leadership and thoughtful counsel have proved invaluable to our organization, and we are grateful for his contributions."Hjelm, 44, comes to Kroger after a two-decade career in technology leadership experience at high-growth Internet companies, as well as Fortune 500 firms. Most recently, Hjelm served as c.i.o. of travel distribution services at Cendant Corp. While there, he led the division's technology strategies and was responsible for all aspects of engineering, site architecture, and operations.Hjelm also previously served as s.v.p. for technology at eBay Inc., overseeing all aspects of technology. Under his leadership, eBay achieved record levels of site quality and reliability during a period of accelerating global business growth and new product introductions. Hjelm also spent 14 years at Federal Express Corp., where he was s.v.p. and c.i.o., responsible for information technology planning, development, operations and revenue operations. His role also included reengineering of the global billing process and systems, formation of technology strategic planning and architecture, and worldwide standardization and expansion of technology services and products during a period of rapid international growth. At the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2005, Kroger operated (either directly or through its subsidiaries) 2,524 supermarkets and multi-department stores in 32 states under two dozen local banners including Kroger, Ralphs, Fred Meyer, Food 4 Less, King Soopers, Smith's and Smith's Marketplace, Fry's and Fry's Marketplace, Dillons, QFC and City Market. Kroger also operates, either directly or through subsidiaries, franchise agreements, or operating agreements, 793 convenience stores, 432 fine jewelry stores, 552 supermarket fuel centers and 42 food processing plants.















Related Content











 





 
















Related Content























































 





















Research & Data | ProgressiveGrocer
















 


Skip to main content




 






 

 

 



ADVERTISE
SUBSCRIBE








            Search the Site          








            From          



Date 

 E.g., 07/21/2017



 



            To          



Date 

 E.g., 07/21/2017



 



Sort by 


Newest


Oldest


Relevance


NewestOldestRelevance




Order 


Asc


Desc


AscDesc




Items 
510204060




 


 




 

  




Choose Your Topic






All StoriesResearch & AnalysisShopper BehaviorMarket TrendsResults & Reports CentralMarketing GuidebookResearch Reports for Sale 










SUBSCRIBE TO PG 


Right Now


 



Men Doing More Food Shopping Than Ever: Study







 



Kroger is Most Loved Grocer: Survey


		Edges out Whole Foods among national retail brands							



 



Meal Kits Deliver $5B in Sales: Packaged Facts


		Industry disruptors should spur yet more growth							



 



Walmart.com Top Online Grocer for Fresh, Jet.com for Packaged


		Amazon trails, especially in fresh							


 

Top Stories












 









Most Shared

4 Food Retailers Poised for Future Ecommerce ExcellenceWomen and Men Now Grocery Shop Equally: StudyBrick-and-Mortar Currently Winning Ecommerce Game 


Favorites




Top Stories

4 Food Retailers Poised for Future Ecommerce ExcellenceWomen and Men Now Grocery Shop Equally: StudyEcommerce Reversing Slowdown in CPG Sales: Nielsen 





Featured Research


Featured Research


Progressive Grocer - July 2017Grocerant Solutions- May 2017New Leader - April 2017 







2017July 2017June 2017May 2017April 2017March 2017February 2017January 20172016December 2016November 2016October 2016September 2016August 2016July 2016June 2016May 2016April 2016March 2016February 2016January 20162015December 2015November 2015October 2015September 2015August 2015July 2015June 2015May 2015April 2015March 2015February 2015January 20152014December 2014November 2014October 2014September 2014August 2014July 2014June 2014May 2014April 2014March 2014February 2014January 20142013December 2013November 2013October 2013September 2013August 2013July 2013June 2013May 2013April 2013March 2013February 2013January 20132012December 2012November 2012October 2012September 2012August 2012July 2012June 2012May 2012April 2012March 2012February 2012January 20122011December 2011November 2011October 2011September 2011August 2011July 2011June 2011May 2011April 2011March 2011February 2011January 20112010December 2010November 2010October 2010September 2010August 2010July 2010June 2010May 2010April 2010March 2010February 2010January 20102009December 2009November 2009October 2009September 2009August 2009July 2009June 2009May 2009April 2009March 2009February 2009January 20092008December 2008November 2008October 2008September 2008August 2008July 2008June 2008May 2008April 2008March 2008February 2008January 20082007December 2007November 2007October 2007September 2007August 2007July 2007June 2007May 2007April 2007March 2007February 2007January 20072006December 2006November 2006October 2006September 2006August 2006July 2006June 2006May 2006April 2006March 2006February 2006January 20062005December 2005November 2005October 2005September 2005August 2005July 2005June 2005May 2005April 2005March 2005February 2005January 20052004December 2004November 2004October 2004September 2004August 2004July 2004June 2004May 2004April 2004March 2004February 2004January 20042003December 2003November 2003October 2003September 2003August 2003July 2003June 2003May 2003April 2003March 2003February 2003January 20032002December 2002November 2002October 2002September 2002August 2002July 2002June 2002May 2002April 2002March 2002February 2002January 20022001December 2001November 2001October 2001September 2001August 2001July 2001 












 Research & Analysis




Fresh Ideas for Family Meals



				Coca-Cola research uncovers retailer opportunities				




 Research & Analysis




Mastering Data to Drive Innovation



				Automating analytics stands to reduce retailers’ risk of failing				




 Research & Analysis




Prepared Foods Driving Deli Boom



				Retailers rely on well-trained staff for more shopper engagement, profitable results				




 Research & Analysis




Brick-and-Mortar Currently Winning Ecommerce Game



				But digital storefronts have edge in 1 case				




 Research & Analysis




Facebook, Retailer Blogs Top Spots for Customer Feedback: Report



				Amazon sets bar for good customer service				




 Shopper Behavior




Ingredient Confusion Could Cause Brand Switching: Study



				Label Insight finds consumers relying on tech for answers				



 




 Research & Analysis




Grocery Loyalty Program Memberships Continue Decline



				M&A activity responsible, but situation can be remedied				




 Market Trends




Darkness Ahead for Physical Stores?



				Experts debate the future of retailing in a digital world				




 Shopper Behavior




Past the Tipping Point



				Ecommerce is table stakes, though fresh key to brick & mortar growth: Nielsen				




 Shopper Behavior




Live from Fancy Food Show: Taking Food Retail to the Next Level



				Interactive attraction offers full speaker lineup				




 Shopper Behavior




Walmart, Target Top Millennials’ Favorite Grocers: Report



				One-stop shopping factors strongly into preferences				




 Market Trends




Digital Encourages Basket-Building: Report



				1/3 of click-and-collect, digital coupon users buy more				



Pages1
2
3
4
5
…
next ›
last »



























































 























Market Trends | ProgressiveGrocer
















 


Skip to main content




 






 

 

 



ADVERTISE
SUBSCRIBE








            Search the Site          








            From          



Date 

 E.g., 07/21/2017



 



            To          



Date 

 E.g., 07/21/2017



 



Sort by 


Newest


Oldest


Relevance


NewestOldestRelevance




Order 


Asc


Desc


AscDesc




Items 
510204060




 


 




 

  




Choose Your Topic






All StoriesResearch & AnalysisShopper BehaviorMarket TrendsResults & Reports CentralMarketing GuidebookResearch Reports for Sale 










SUBSCRIBE TO PG 


Right Now


 



Meal Kits Deliver $5B in Sales: Packaged Facts







 



Mastering Data to Drive Innovation


		Automating analytics stands to reduce retailers’ risk of failing							



 



Prepared Foods Driving Deli Boom


		Retailers rely on well-trained staff for more shopper engagement, profitable results							



 



Darkness Ahead for Physical Stores?


		Experts debate the future of retailing in a digital world							


 

Top Stories












 









Most Shared

4 Food Retailers Poised for Future Ecommerce ExcellenceFree-from, Organic Leading Wellness CategoriesA Snapshot of Today’s Natural/Organic Shopper 


Favorites




Top Stories

4 Food Retailers Poised for Future Ecommerce ExcellenceFree-from, Organic Leading Wellness CategoriesRetailers, CPGs Divided on Assortment Priorities 





Featured Research


Featured Research


Progressive Grocer - July 2017Grocerant Solutions- May 2017New Leader - April 2017 







Gallery


Gallery














2017July 2017June 2017May 2017April 2017March 2017February 2017January 20172016December 2016November 2016September 2016August 2016July 2016June 2016May 2016April 2016March 2016February 2016January 20162015December 2015November 2015October 2015September 2015August 2015July 2015June 2015May 2015April 2015March 2015February 2015January 20152014December 2014November 2014October 2014September 2014August 2014July 2014June 2014May 2014April 2014March 2014February 2014January 20142013December 2013November 2013October 2013September 2013August 2013July 2013June 2013May 2013April 2013March 2013February 2013January 20132012December 2012November 2012October 2012September 2012August 2012July 2012June 2012May 2012April 2012March 2012February 2012January 20122011December 2011November 2011October 2011September 2011August 2011July 2011June 2011May 2011April 2011March 2011February 2011January 20112010December 2010November 2010October 2010September 2010August 2010July 2010June 2010May 2010April 2010March 2010February 2010January 20102009December 2009November 2009October 2009September 2009August 2009July 2009June 2009May 2009April 2009March 2009February 2009January 20092008December 2008November 2008October 2008September 2008August 2008July 2008June 2008May 2008April 2008March 2008February 2008January 20082007December 2007November 2007October 2007September 2007August 2007July 2007June 2007May 2007April 2007March 2007February 2007January 20072006December 2006November 2006October 2006September 2006August 2006July 2006June 2006May 2006April 2006March 2006February 2006January 20062005December 2005November 2005October 2005September 2005August 2005July 2005June 2005May 2005April 2005March 2005February 2005January 20052004December 2004November 2004October 2004September 2004August 2004July 2004June 2004May 2004April 2004March 2004February 2004January 20042003December 2003November 2003October 2003September 2003August 2003July 2003June 2003May 2003April 2003March 2003February 2003January 20032002December 2002November 2002October 2002September 2002August 2002July 2002June 2002May 2002April 2002March 2002February 2002January 20022001December 2001November 2001October 2001September 2001August 2001July 2001 












 



Past the Tipping Point



				Ecommerce is table stakes, though fresh key to brick & mortar growth: Nielsen				




 



Live from Fancy Food Show: Taking Food Retail to the Next Level



				Interactive attraction offers full speaker lineup				




 



Digital Encourages Basket-Building: Report



				1/3 of click-and-collect, digital coupon users buy more				




 



Foodservice, Organics Spur Q1 Produce Sales: Report



				‘FreshFacts on Retail’ produced by United Fresh, Nielsen Fresh				




 



NTF Urges Consumers to Grill Turkey



				June promotion features sizzling recipes				




 



Organic Sector Posts Record U.S. Sales: Survey



				Category growth outstrips conventional counterparts				



 




 



Schnucks Expands Home Delivery Service



				Online shopping available in Rockford, Ill., Evansville, Ind.

				




 



Rising Labor Costs Inspire Savvy Retailers to Innovate



				New approaches, strategies unlock competitive advantages				




 



New Stamp Calls Out Whole Grains



				Packaging symbol answers heightened consumer interest				




 



Free-from, Organic Leading Wellness Categories



				Growing demand for lactose-free, hypoallergenic options: report				




 



4 Food Retailers Poised for Future Ecommerce Excellence



				Two nationals, two regionals really double down online				




 



A Snapshot of Today’s Natural/Organic Shopper



				Most favor traditional grocers; Millennials pursue values: study				



Pages1
2
3
4
5
…
next ›
last »



























































