






	J. Henry Holland: Naval/Maritime Rigging, Cordage, Tarps, Nets, Slings






























































Login












Home
Products & Services

Inspection Provision For U.S. Government Contracts


Projects
Contact
Catalog








Virginia Beach: 757.460.3300  •  Hampton: 757.827.9600







Mazzella Companies Website






















J. HENRY HOLLAND



























At J. Henry Holland, we provide ideal lifting solutions, offering an assortment of government products, maritime supplies, flight deck nets, cargo netting, all styles of slings and assemblies, rigging hardware, wire rope, cordage products, canvas products, hoists and overhead cranes.
We also provide training, in-field inspection and repair services that support our products. J. Henry Holland provides sling and hoist testing (static / dynamic)—in-house, shipboard or job site. We can test up to 250,000 lbs. Some of the major market segments we serve are Maritime, Construction, U.S. Government, Ship Building / Repair and General Industry.

J. Henry Holland is a Mazzella Company.
Mazzella Companies employs over 650 individuals in 28 locations in North America. Mazzella is one of the largest independently-owned companies in the overhead lifting and rigging industries and is a manufacturer and distributor of a wide range of lifting products for industrial, commercial and specialty applications. In addition, it is a leading manufacturer of world-class overhead cranes, specialty machinery, material handling and overhead crane services. Mazzella’s diverse portfolio also includes Sheffield Metals, a manufacturer and distributor of coated bare metal products for engineered metal roof and wall systems and New Tech Machinery, a manufacturer of portable roof panel, wall panel and gutter machines, recognized as the world’s finest portable rollformers.



















































VIRGINIA BEACH, VA
5931 Thurston Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23455
Phone: 757.460.3300
Toll-Free: 800.417.3307
Fax: 757.363.1910








HAMPTON, VA
402 Aberdeen Road
Hampton, VA 23661
Phone: 757.827.9600
Fax: 757.825.1148







E-MAIL:
contact@mazzellacompanies.com







SOCIAL MEDIA:










AddThis Sharing ButtonsShare to More











Planar Client Options




Layout Style


Wide


Boxed












Theme Preview











 
 























	J. Henry Holland: Products & Services






























































Login












Home
Products & Services

Inspection Provision For U.S. Government Contracts


Projects
Contact
Catalog








Virginia Beach: 757.460.3300  •  Hampton: 757.827.9600







Mazzella Companies Website













J. HENRY HOLLAND PRODUCTS & SERVICES








Government Products

We provide a wide array of products for the U.S. Government and specialty marine products.

Twin-Path® Slings and Bridles
4-Leg Nylon Web Boat Sling
Kevlar Rigid Inflatable Boat Hoisting Slings (Drawing 6015106602 REV B)
Shipboard Kevlar Lifeline Assemblies (Drawing 804-5959308)
Custom Printed Browskirts, Backdrops, Awnings and Covers
Peck & Hale tiedown and cargo securing
Belly bands for RHIB Boat—PC Class
Boat Gripe—MT3765-SS
Clear Hawse pendant
Dip rope assemblies
Vest davit hook, litter shackles and carpenter stopper
Ship hoisting and conveying equipment—NSTM 572
Chain Assemblies—chain stopper, bull chain and stern gate marriage chain

» Government Products
» Inspection Provision For U.S. Government Contracts


Flight Deck Nets

J. Henry Holland’s custom manufactured flight deck “safety nets” are manufactured using USA made stainless steel wire rope and built IAW with exact NAVSEA “specs.” All our flight deck safety nets are utilized on US NAVY Ships, along with applications on both USCG and ARMY vessels. All our flight deck nets are routinely inspected on shipboard and approved by NAVAIR inspectors.
» Flight Deck Nets


Cargo Nets

J. Henry Holland manufactures nylon webbing cargo nets. They are lightweight, flexible and are more compact when compared to wire or manila rope nets.
» Cargo Netting


Cordage Assemblies

J. Henry Holland manufactures all types of cordage assemblies for the maritime industry using lightweight high performance synthetic ropes. We stock all types and diameters of synthetic ropes and the hardware to make winch lines in any length. We distribute cordage products from some of the largest manufactures in the country and stock the most popular brands and diameters from these manufactures. We also have some of the most skilled employees at making assemblies from these products. In addition to just bulk rope spools, we can splice eyes onto the ropes, make Jacobs Ladders, construct nets and create any other assembly that might be needed. Other Services offered: Rope coating—increases rope’s life, rope socketing and rope splicing.
» Cordage Products


Canvas Shop / Custom Tarps

No tarp is too small or too large—we custom make tarps in our facility. Ask us about custom Army, USCG and Navy boat enclosures made to your specifications. We stock a wide array of custom fabrics.
» Canvas Shop


Slings & Assemblies

We can manufacture all types of slings to meet your needs. J. Henry Holland’s quality slings include chain, wire rope, nylon, polyester, cordage and high-performance synthetic slings. We also provide wire rope assemblies—both large and small, including bridge cables, crane cables, steel mill cables and thousands of OEM assemblies. We also manufacture assemblies with standard or custom end fittings. Special testing and tolerance requirements are also available.
» Slings & Assemblies


Rigging Hardware

J. Henry Holland offers one of the largest and most complete inventories of rigging and lifting products in the country from some of the largest manufacturers in the world.
Some of the products we stock are:

Hoist rings—standard and metric
Shackles—all types, sizes and finishes from 1/4 ton to over 1,000 tons
Master rings / links—all sizes, types and finishes
Hooks—swivel, eye, choker, self-locking and weld-on
Turnbuckles and swivels

We also stock many other rigging hardware items. If you can’t find a standard item to meet your specific needs, inquire about custom rigging and lifting hardware. All hardware products meet the ASME B30.26 specification.
» Rigging Hardware


Lifting Products

We provide a complete line of lifting products from some of the industry’s best manufacturers. Product lines include a wide range of overhead crane blocks, wire rope sheaves,
ergonomic material handling equipment, lifting clamps and hydraulics. Besides carrying these complete product lines, we offer crane block and plate clamp repair services.
» Lifting Products








Wire Rope

We have a large inventory of wire rope, maintained for immediate delivery. We stock well over 20 million feet in our various locations. In sizes from 1/4” to 3” diameter and 9 mm to 52 mm diameter in all types and constructions. We stock both domestic and non-domestic wire rope from all the major wire rope manufacturers around the world.
» Wire Rope


Hoists / Parts

J. Henry Holland is your one-source shopping center for hoisting products with lifting capacities ranging up to 100 tons. We offer many types of electric, air and manual hoists for limitless applications. Also, we carry one of the largest stocks of new hoists in the industry and offer quick delivery on new units.
Also, we maintain over $1.5 million stock in replacement parts for CM, Coffing, Yale, Shaw-Box, Budgit, Harrington, Acco / Wright, Ace World Companies, Detroit Hoist and R&M Material Handling…just to name a few. Our access to numerous aftermarket manufacturers of wire rope, bearings, seals, motors and brakes, along with more than 150 years of combined parts sales experience, allows us to meet your delivery requirements. Most in-stock items ship within 24 hours.
Come to us for complete, in-house repair of electric, lever, manual chain and wire rope hoists.
» Hoists / Parts


Slings, Hoists & Rigging Training

All J. Henry Holland slings, hoists and rigging safety trainers have been accredited through Industrial Training International, Inc. We train to OSHA and ASME standards and can issue certificates following program completion.
» Services / Training


Fall Protection Products

J. Henry Holland carries a complete line of fall protection products and systems—lanyards, rope grabs and quality harnesses. These products meet ANSI regulations, as well as
EN and Canadian codes.
We can customize most products for specific customer needs. Harnesses may also be purchased with customer designated webbing colors and even embroidered
with your company logo (minimum order does apply). Contact your Lifting Specialist for more details.
We also carry D-ring extenders, individual shock packs, snap hooks, carabiners and rollgate hooks, roofer kits, rebar assemblies, anchorages and retrieval systems …
just to name a few.
Ask us about horizontal engineered lifeline systems!
» Fall Protection Products


Overhead Cranes

J. Henry Holland works with Progressive Crane (A Mazzella Company) to manufacture world-class overhead cranes. We engineer and build custom solutions ranging from light-duty economical cranes to large-capacity high-duty cycle cranes with welded plate-box girders.
Our work is done in full compliance with CMAA, NEC, OSHA and ASME standards. We have extensive electrical capability, as well as AWS certified welders.

In-House Engineering
We provide in-house engineering and can also furnish PE (Professional Engineer) stamped drawings and calculations. All drawings are done in SolidWorks—this reduces calculation time and increases productivity, which saves our customers money.
Also, being electronic, the calculations and drawings may be e-mailed to further save time. This is an ideal solution for companies with fabrication capabilities, but with no in-house engineering.
Crane Runways
We believe it’s logical that the engineers who design your crane also design your runway structure. Our engineers utilize SolidWorks to create your runway designs, in strict accordance with CMAA, ANSI, Uniform Building Code, AISC and American Welding Institute standards and practices.
Fabricated Runways
The same rugged quality that goes into our cranes is applied to our runway structures. In many cases, the same craftsmen and welders who fabricate your crane also produce your runway structure.
Install Runways
A correctly installed runway structure ensures a smooth-running crane system. Our installers are runway experts with experience established over many years and hundreds of installations. They have developed unique skills and special tools to make installations quick and easy.

» Overhead Cranes


Engineered Products

We have more than 60 years of field application experience and in-house manufacturing. This has earned us the reputation as a leader in the design and development of custom engineered below-the-hook lifting devices and lifting attachments for use with all types of cranes.
Our participation on the ASME B30.20 Subcommittee (that governs manufacturing, inspection, marking, testing, maintenance and operation of the below-the-hook lifting devices) sets us apart from our competition. On-staff engineering and our commitment to ISO 9001: 2008 guides us to continued success in quality products and processes.
Our products range from a common lift beam to an engineered special 150 lbs. engine line lifter to a 330 ton electric furnace lifter.
Repairs, Inspections & Recertification of Below-The-Hook Lifting Devices
We offer complete, in-house inspections and repairs of below-the-hook lifting devices. Certified Inspectors, along with our Engineering Department, perform detailed analysis. Repaired or rebuilt units provide significant cost savings. We also can provide FEA (Finite Element Analysis) reports and reverse engineering options on customers' lifting devices. Customers can send in a unit, enabling Engineering to measure and model the unit in SolidWorks and run FEA analysis that determines the safe working load.
» Engineered Products


















































VIRGINIA BEACH, VA
5931 Thurston Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23455
Phone: 757.460.3300
Toll-Free: 800.417.3307
Fax: 757.363.1910








HAMPTON, VA
402 Aberdeen Road
Hampton, VA 23661
Phone: 757.827.9600
Fax: 757.825.1148







E-MAIL:
contact@mazzellacompanies.com







SOCIAL MEDIA:










AddThis Sharing ButtonsShare to More











Planar Client Options




Layout Style


Wide


Boxed












Theme Preview











 
 























	Contact J. Henry Holland






























































Login












Home
Products & Services

Inspection Provision For U.S. Government Contracts


Projects
Contact
Catalog








Virginia Beach: 757.460.3300  •  Hampton: 757.827.9600







Mazzella Companies Website













CONTACT J. HENRY HOLLAND








Contact A Lifting Specialist!











Virginia Beach, Virginia
5931 Thurston Avenue
Virginia Beach, Virginia 23455
Phone: 757.460.3300
Toll-Free: 800.417.3307
Fax: 757.363.1910
Has Walk-in Showroom
Get Directions






Hampton, Virginia
402 Aberdeen Road
Hampton, Virginia 23661
Phone: 757.827.9600
Fax: 757.825.1148
Has Walk-in Showroom
Get Directions





















































VIRGINIA BEACH, VA
5931 Thurston Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23455
Phone: 757.460.3300
Toll-Free: 800.417.3307
Fax: 757.363.1910








HAMPTON, VA
402 Aberdeen Road
Hampton, VA 23661
Phone: 757.827.9600
Fax: 757.825.1148







E-MAIL:
contact@mazzellacompanies.com







SOCIAL MEDIA:










AddThis Sharing ButtonsShare to More











Planar Client Options




Layout Style


Wide


Boxed












Theme Preview











 
 























	Featured Projects






























































Login












Home
Products & Services

Inspection Provision For U.S. Government Contracts


Projects
Contact
Catalog








Virginia Beach: 757.460.3300  •  Hampton: 757.827.9600







Mazzella Companies Website













FEATURED PROJECTS

12-Strand Plasma Slings

A major Naval ship builder ordered High-Performance rope slings to conduct a Shipboard BOLLARD test (400,000 lbs. – 200 tons) on the new DDG-1000 Destroyer. We supplied the huge 3-1/4” diameter 12-strand plasma rope with spliced eyes each end to safely conduct the test. The large rope has a breaking strength of over one million pounds! The 12-strand rope assemblies have 4-foot eyes, along with including a cordura cover where a 200 ton wide body shackles will be positioned during the test.


Sports Broadcasting Booth Tarps

J Henry Holland fabricated the main rooftop tarp for the CBS Sports broadcasting booth at the Super Bowl! CBS had a huge broadcasting booth in Lincoln Park near the Superdome.


Tunneling Project

J. Henry Holland delivers critical products for large tunnel project in Portsmouth, Virginia. JHH supplied slings, pendants and crane ropes, along with spliced cordage assemblies.


Sandblast Containment Screens

One of the local shipyards needed 48 each: 50 ft. x 48 ft. paint / sandblast containment screens in a hurry. These screens are erected around a ship to contain sandblast and paint particles from contaminating the waterways. The EPA is constantly monitoring shipyards to make certain waterways are kept clean. Heavy fines are placed on shipyards that don’t comply with EPA environmental laws.


Unique Strap System

J. Henry Holland develops strap system for customer to remove mixers from truck body.


Testing & Rigging For Mining Application

A large manufacturer in Virginia Beach, Virginia, who purchases thousands of feet of wire rope a year, rented J. Henry Holland’s test bed for a new unique mining wire they developed. This wire is 4” in diameter and filled with copper and electrical wiring. The wire is for a mining application and is approximately 1,500 feet long, which will go down a mine vertically. They used an “A” FRAME engineered structure with a counterweight to simulate tension on the outer sheath of approximately 1,000 lbs., while the internal wires are being loaded at 24,000 lbs.


Load Testing Large Cable Assemblies

J. Henry Holland performed load testing on 2-1/2-inch spelter cable assemblies, the cables are used on a vertical drill rig. They are the pullback cables for the main drill line. The sockets were zinc poured and then load tested to 393,962 lbs.




















































VIRGINIA BEACH, VA
5931 Thurston Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23455
Phone: 757.460.3300
Toll-Free: 800.417.3307
Fax: 757.363.1910








HAMPTON, VA
402 Aberdeen Road
Hampton, VA 23661
Phone: 757.827.9600
Fax: 757.825.1148







E-MAIL:
contact@mazzellacompanies.com







SOCIAL MEDIA:










AddThis Sharing ButtonsShare to More











Planar Client Options




Layout Style


Wide


Boxed












Theme Preview











 
 



















In Memoriam John J. Holland (1929-2013): a Pioneer in Molecular Virology 






















































 American Society for MicrobiologyJournal of Virology

Skip to main page content


Home
Current Issue
Archive
Alerts
About ASM
Contact us
Tech Support
Journals.
                        ASM.org




keywords
GO

Advanced »










User Name

Password


                           Sign In
                           








 







Free
In Memoriam John J. Holland (1929-2013): a Pioneer in Molecular Virology


Katherine R. Spindlera and 
                     
Bert L. Semlerb


aDepartment of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA
                        

bDepartment of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, School of Medicine, University of California, Irvine, California, USA
                        





 Next Section
EDITORIAL
John J. Holland, Professor Emeritus of Biological Sciences at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD), died on 11 October
                     2013 after a short illness. John was a pioneer in RNA virology, changing the way we think about RNA virus evolution. He was
                     a scientific leader who served the virology community at the international, national, and university levels. John was an outstanding
                     teacher and mentor who will be greatly missed. We thank John's many friends, colleagues, trainees, and family for contributing
                     their remembrances of this remarkable scientist.
                  

View larger version:
In this window
In a new window


Download as PowerPoint Slide




John J. Holland 1929–2013
                        



John died in Mesquite, Nevada, where he had enjoyed retirement with Dottie, his wife of more than 50 years. Prior to retirement,
                     John was a Professor in the Department of Biology at UCSD and a member of the University's Center for Molecular Genetics.
                     Professionally, John was an outstanding leader in virology research and teaching, establishing paradigms in RNA virus molecular
                     biology, persistence, and evolution. Personally, he had a zest for life and an intense interest in the professional and personal
                     success of his scientific colleagues, students, and postdoctoral fellows. John is remembered for his tremendous intellect,
                     integrity, and rigorous science and the way in which he infused enthusiasm, joy, and laughter into the pursuit of excellence.
                     His humility and self-effacing nature would cause him, if he were still alive, to wave this all off with a loud, irreverent
                     comment and a cackle of laughter.
                  
John Holland was born on 16 November 1929 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Loyola University in Los Angeles
                     (now Loyola Marymount University) in 1953 with a B.S. in biology and chemistry. He had served in the U.S. Army from 1950 to
                     1952 during the Korean War, with service as a combat infantryman in North Korea. Holland subsequently completed his Ph.D.
                     in microbiology at UCLA. For his doctoral research, he worked with M. John Pickett on genetics and immunity of Brucella infections in primary cells. From 1957 to 1959, Holland was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Minnesota with Jerome
                     Syverton, a virologist and chairman of the Department of Bacteriology. Holland wanted to do postdoctoral research with Syverton
                     because of his expertise in primary and immortalized human and monkey cell cultures and his pioneering studies demonstrating
                     the replication of different viruses in such cell lines. In fact, Holland had two postdoctoral mentors at Minnesota; Syverton
                     had Holland work in Lee McLaren's lab. McLaren was an Assistant and then Associate Professor while Holland was there. Holland
                     published his first virology papers while at Minnesota, providing fundamental knowledge about poliovirus replication. His
                     work was the first to demonstrate that the block to poliovirus growth in nonprimate cells was due to the absence of specific
                     receptors and that poliovirus nucleic acid alone could be used to infect nonsusceptible cells (1, 2). Beyond their crucial biological implications, these studies demonstrated how Holland would emerge as a central figure in
                     applying molecular biology approaches to the study of viruses.
                  
Holland was an Assistant Professor in the Department of Bacteriology and Immunology at the University of Minnesota from 1959
                     to 1961, and then he moved to the University of Washington, where he was an Assistant and then Associate Professor of Microbiology
                     from 1961 to 1964. His research during this time focused on receptor affinities as major determinants of the tissue tropisms
                     of enteroviruses (3). Holland and his colleagues also obtained some of the first convincing evidence that poliovirus replication occurred in
                     the cytoplasm of infected cells and that poliovirus RNA could be encapsidated in coxsackievirus virions, providing the first
                     demonstration of “enclosure of an animal virus genome within the capsid of a heterologous virus” by a nonenveloped virus (4, 5).
                  
In 1963, Holland was awarded the American Society for Microbiology's Eli Lilly Award. The award is given annually for outstanding
                     research of unusual merit, and at the time it was given to a scientist under 35 years of age. The award cited Holland's “research
                     on the early stages of cell-virus interaction that culminated in a new concept of the dynamics of cell-virus interaction,
                     new information on receptor development by cells, and an extensive documentation of the controlling role played by these receptors
                     in infection.” As an award recipient, he was invited to contribute a review article, which encapsulates his findings on the
                     species, tissue, and cell specificity of poliovirus (6).
                  
Holland was recruited to be the founding chairman of the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology (now called the Department
                     of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry) at the University of California, Irvine (UC Irvine), in 1964, a year before classes
                     started on campus. His first temporary lab at UC Irvine overlooked a majestic freshwater marsh adjacent to the campus (now
                     known as the San Joaquin Marsh Reserve). Holland often remarked that this laboratory setting, although temporary and quite
                     rustic, was one of the favorites he experienced in science. At Irvine, he embarked on experiments examining the fundamental
                     molecular biology of mammalian cell protein synthesis, using virus-infected cells as a tool. He demonstrated that the host
                     cell has little influence on the relative proportion of viral proteins synthesized but a profound role in determining the
                     rate and total amount of viral protein and virion synthesis (7). In a seminal paper published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in 1968, Holland and his colleague Don Kiehn demonstrated that mRNAs of enteroviruses and other picornaviruses are translated
                     to produce very large proteins that are then specifically cleaved into smaller functional proteins required for virus replication
                     (8). This work, along with similar findings made independently by Don Summers and Jake Maizel and by Michael Jacobson and David
                     Baltimore, had major implications for our understanding of how positive-strand RNA viruses generate their functional polypeptides,
                     and it paved the way for the discovery of virus-encoded proteinases. Holland's work on picornavirus protein processing and
                     replication was highly innovative and characterized by a “simple but elegant” experimental approach. These characteristics
                     of Holland's approach to experimental virology formed a theme that ran throughout his entire research career.
                  
In 1968, Holland was recruited to the Department of Biology at the University of California, San Diego. He began working on
                     enveloped viruses and the composition of mammalian cell membranes at about that time. Most of his research was carried out
                     with vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV), an enveloped, negative-strand RNA virus, but he also studied influenza and rabies viruses.
                     At that time, a number of investigators were characterizing heterologous virus interference in coinfections. Holland and his
                     laboratory colleague Mike Doyle demonstrated the dominance of poliovirus in a coinfection with VSV; VSV virion production
                     is inhibited at the level of viral mRNA translation (9). Holland and colleagues also investigated homologous interference conferred by defective interfering particles of VSV in vitro and in vivo. Highly purified defective interfering particles in high doses protect mice against challenges of otherwise-lethal low doses
                     of standard VSV and alter the disease process (10). This work led to subsequent findings that VSV defective interfering particles mediate persistent viral infections, in part
                     by suppressing virion transcriptase (11). To further investigate persistence, Holland started long-term persistent infections of VSV with standard virus plus defective
                     interfering particles. In the days before rapid RNA genome sequencing methods, Holland and colleagues documented VSV genome
                     mutations by oligonucleotide fingerprinting in viruses derived from the persistent infections over a period of more than 5
                     years (12). This led to what are undoubtedly some of Holland's best known contributions among current virologists, in the area of RNA
                     virus evolution. In a landmark treatise entitled “Rapid evolution of RNA genomes,” Holland carefully reviewed the literature
                     on RNA virus mutation frequencies, accumulation of RNA genome mutations, and RNA virus recombination and combined it with
                     his knowledge of rapid evolution of RNA viruses during serial high-multiplicity passage and effects of defective interfering
                     particles (13). He discussed the implication of high RNA virus mutation rates for persistent virus infections and human degenerative diseases
                     and the implications for general evolution. According to Google Scholar, this paper has been cited nearly 1,200 times. Subsequent
                     studies, many of which were carried out with his long-term collaborator Esteban Domingo, led to the now widely accepted concept
                     of virus quasispecies (14). Using novel, quantitative experimental approaches, Holland and his coworkers greatly advanced our understanding of the
                     molecular mechanisms that have generated genetic diversity among RNA viruses and, ultimately, among living organisms in general.
                  
Holland served the virology community as a member of NIH, American Cancer Society, and U.S. Army grant review panels and journal
                     editorial boards and as a coorganizer of an international colloquium on rhabdoviruses. He served on the Panel of Virus Diseases
                     of the U.S.-Japan Panel for Cooperative Medical Sciences and the U.S. Institute of Medicine/National Academy of Sciences Committee
                     on Microbial Threats to Health. Holland was also an excellent classroom teacher; his undergraduate medical microbiology course
                     was consistently well received.
                  
John's scientific legacy includes not only his more than 150 original research papers and review articles in respected and
                     prestigious scientific journals but also his contribution to the careers of many others. He trained a significant number of
                     Ph.D. students, postdoctoral fellows, and undergraduate researchers who now have academic positions in major universities
                     and research institutions in the United States and Europe or positions in the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries.
                     Many of these individuals still carry out research in virology. Moreover, he graciously hosted visiting professors on sabbatical
                     who were enriched by and themselves enriched the Holland lab. John's laboratory was unique: he worked in the lab with an uninhibited
                     joy until retirement. This was educational, inspirational, and entertaining for those of us fortunate to work with him. He
                     was a great model of how to do excellent science, think critically, and persist in the pursuit of knowledge. He could laugh
                     at his own mistakes and empathize with other lab members' technical failures. After his trainees left the lab, he happily
                     corresponded regularly with them about politics, sports, science, and philosophy until a few days before his death.
                  
John had a rich life outside the laboratory, both before and after retirement. He enjoyed trout fishing and backpacking in
                     the Sierra Nevada Mountains, which he began at an early age with his brother Rich. John continued the backpacking tradition
                     with his son Mark, who recalls that John was his most relaxed and at home in the mountains. John's love of nature was also
                     fulfilled by hiking in the desert in New Mexico and Nevada. He took pride in baking excellent French bread that he shared
                     with the lab, and in his typical thorough style, John built an outdoor wood-fired oven to produce the bread he had come to
                     love while on sabbatical in Geneva, Switzerland. John was an avid vegetable gardener, and he also painted large oil landscapes.
                     He had a single-engine private pilot's license and a glider pilot license and generously treated members of the lab to glider
                     flights. In retirement, John enjoyed having more time to satisfy his intellectual curiosity. He researched specific topics
                     related to quantum mechanics and also pursued an interest in powering internal combustion engines with carbohydrates, for
                     which he received a patent in 2007 (15).
                  
John is survived by his wife, Dottie (Mesquite, NV), his children, Mark (Albuquerque, NM) and Lynn, and grandchildren, Molly
                     and Megan (San Clemente, CA), and three siblings, Mary Frieze (Los Angeles, CA), George Holland (Mammoth Lakes, CA), and Bob
                     Holland (Mesquite, NV). John's beloved dogs, Milo and Millie, also survive him. Dogs were a very large part of John's life
                     from childhood on, and one anecdote vividly illustrates that. When John returned from his army service in Korea, his dog had
                     a moment of hesitation; then, when she remembered who he was, both the dog and John had the most joyous reunion, happy that
                     they hadn't forgotten each other.
                  
John once wrote that all three of his mentors, Drs. Pickett, Syverton, and McLaren, loved bench science, worked at the bench
                     whenever they could all their lives, and were smarter and worked harder than John, and that he tried to emulate them as human
                     beings. Not surprisingly, those of us who worked with John would say the same about him. He was also a model of scientific
                     altruism, ethical behavior, and the highest standards of excellence. He had a profound impact on virology and scientists,
                     and his intellect, wit, and imagination will be long remembered. An annual lectureship honoring John Holland at the American
                     Society for Virology meeting has recently been announced.
                  


Previous SectionNext Section
FOOTNOTES

Address correspondence to Katherine Spindler, krspin{at}umich.edu.
                     

Published ahead of print 12 March 2014
                        




Previous Section 

REFERENCES

1.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
McLaren LC, 
                                 
Syverton JT
. 1959. Mammalian cell-virus relationship. III. Poliovirus production by non-primate cells exposed to poliovirus ribonucleic acid. Proc. Soc. Exp. Biol. Med. 100:843–845.
Abstract/FREE Full Text


2.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
McLaren LC, 
                                 
Syverton JT
. 1959. The mammalian cell-virus relationship. IV. Infection of naturally insusceptible cells with enterovirus ribonucleic acid. J. Exp. Med. 110:65–80.
Abstract


3.↵



Holland JJ
. 1961. Receptor affinities as major determinants of enterovirus tissue tropisms in humans. Virology 15:312–326. doi:10.1016/0042-6822(61)90363-4.
CrossRefMedlineGoogle Scholar


4.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
Bassett DW
. 1964. Evidence for cytoplasmic replication of poliovirus ribonucleic acid. Virology 23:164–172. doi:10.1016/0042-6822(64)90279-X.
CrossRefMedlineGoogle Scholar


5.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
Cords CE
. 1964. Maturation of poliovirus RNA with capsid protein coded by heterologous enteroviruses. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 51:1082–1085. doi:10.1073/pnas.51.6.1082.
FREE Full Text


6.↵



Holland JJ
. 1964. Enterovirus entrance into specific host cells, and subsequent alterations of cell protein and nucleic acid synthesis. Bacteriol. Rev. 28:2–13.
FREE Full Text


7.↵



Holland JJ
. 1968. Virus-directed protein synthesis in different animal and human cells. Science 160:1346–1348. doi:10.1126/science.160.3834.1346.
Abstract/FREE Full Text


8.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
Kiehn ED
. 1968. Specific cleavage of viral proteins as steps in the synthesis and maturation of enteroviruses. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 60:1015–1022. doi:10.1073/pnas.60.3.1015.
FREE Full Text


9.↵



Doyle M, 
                                 
Holland JJ
. 1972. Virus-induced interference in heterologously infected HeLa cells. J. Virol. 9:22–28.
Abstract/FREE Full Text


10.↵



Doyle M, 
                                 
Holland JJ
. 1973. Prophylaxis and immunization in mice by use of virus-free defective T particles to protect against intracerebral infection
                                    by vesicular stomatitis virus. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 70:2105–2108. doi:10.1073/pnas.70.7.2105.
Abstract/FREE Full Text


11.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
Villarreal LP
. 1974. Persistent noncytocidal vesicular stomatitis virus infections mediated by defective T particles that suppress virion transcriptase. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 71:2956–2960. doi:10.1073/pnas.71.8.2956.
Abstract/FREE Full Text


12.↵



Holland JJ, 
                                 
Grabau EA, 
                                 
Jones CL, 
                                 
Semler BL
. 1979. Evolution of multiple genome mutations during long-term persistent infection by vesicular stomatitis virus. Cell 16:495–504. doi:10.1016/0092-8674(79)90024-2.
CrossRefMedlineGoogle Scholar


13.↵



Holland J, 
                                 
Spindler K, 
                                 
Horodyski F, 
                                 
Grabau E, 
                                 
Nichol S, 
                                 
VandePol S
. 1982. Rapid evolution of RNA genomes. Science 215:1577–1585. doi:10.1126/science.7041255.
Abstract/FREE Full Text


14.↵



Domingo E, 
                                 
Holland JJ
. 1997. RNA virus mutations and fitness for survival. Annu. Rev. Microbiol. 51:151–178. doi:10.1146/annurev.micro.51.1.151.
CrossRefMedlineGoogle Scholar


15.↵



Holland JJ
. August 2007. Apparatus and method for using pure dry biomass carbohydrates as fuels, fuel extenders and fuel oxygenates. US patent 7,261,063.
Google Scholar





Copyright © 2014, American Society for Microbiology. All Rights Reserved.



CiteULike
Delicious
Digg
Facebook
Google+
Mendeley
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Twitter

What's this?



« Previous | Next Article »

Table of Contents


Free


This Article





                                 
                                 Accepted manuscript posted online
                                 
                                 12 March 2014,
                                 doi:
                                 10.1128/JVI.00653-14
                                    



                                    J. Virol.
                                    	    June 2014 
                                    

                                    vol. 88 
                                    
                                    no. 11 
                                    
                                    5903-5905
                                    







Figures
» Full Text
PDF



Classifications



Editorial





Article Usage Stats

Article Usage Statistics



Services


                              Email this article to a colleague
Similar articles in ASM journals
Alert me when this article is cited
Alert me if a correction is posted
Similar articles in this journal
Similar articles in Web of Science
Similar articles in PubMed
Alert me to new issues of 
                              JVI

Download to citation manager
Reprints and Permissions

                              Copyright Information 
                              

                              Books from ASM Press 
                              

                              MicrobeWorld 
                              



Citing Articles

Load citing article information
Citing articles via Web of Science
Citing articles via Google Scholar



Google Scholar

Articles by  Spindler, K. R.
Articles by  Semler, B. L.
Search for related content



PubMed

PubMed citation
Articles by  Spindler, K. R.
Articles by  Semler, B. L.






Related Content

Load related web page information



Social Bookmarking




CiteULike
Delicious
Digg
Facebook
Google+
Mendeley
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Twitter

What's this?








Navigate This Article


Top
EDITORIAL
FOOTNOTES
REFERENCES








current issue

August 2017, volume 91, issue 15









Spotlights in the Current Issue

Insights into the Genetic Constraints on Zika Virus RNA Replication and Evolution
C Terminus of the Herpes Simplex Virus UL25 Protein Is Required for Genome Uncoating
Poxviruses Usurp Cellular Kinase Signaling To Promote Viral Genome Replication
Endogenous Flaviviral Elements in Aedes Mosquito Genomes




Alert me to new issues of 
                              JVI







About 
                           JVI

Subscribers
Authors
Reviewers
Advertisers
Inquiries from the Press
Permissions & Commercial Reprints
ASM Journals Public Access Policy

JVI RSS Feeds




















1752 N Street N.W. • Washington DC 20036
202.737.3600 • 202.942.9355 fax • journals@asmusa.org






Print ISSN: 
0022-538X


Online ISSN: 
1098-5514








Copyright © 2017  
                     by the 
American Society for Microbiology.  

                     For an alternate route to JVI.asm.org, visit: 
                     http://intl-JVI.asm.org  |    
                     More Info»








John J Holland MD                                                                                                        - Springfield                                       , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Springfield



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



General And Family Practice, Physician/surgeon



                            John J Holland MD
                                    



 





















J 


John J Holland MD                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5 FOREST RDG SPRINGFIELD, IL 62712
Get Directions



(217) 529-7510
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $111,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries General And Family Practice, Physician/surgeon
 Contacts John Holland                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


John J Holland Md                                                                                                        was founded in 2010, and is located at 5 Forest Rdg in Springfield. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting John Holland                                                                                                             at (217) 529-7510. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















John J Holland 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


















 




JOHN HOLLAND | Psychic Medium + Spiritual Teacher | Author of Born Knowing



























Did you know that your version of Internet Explorer is out of date?
	To get the best possible experience using our website we recommend downloading one of the browsers below.
Internet Explorer 10, Firefox, Chrome, or Safari.





Skip To Content











Renowned Psychic Medium
John’s demonstrations provide audiences with a rare glimpse into the fascinating subject of mediumship, revealing the delicate process of raising his own vibrational energy to link with Spirit, as he acts as a middleman between this world and the next. 




Keynote Speaker & Radio Host
John spent most of his adult life developing his unique abilities, studying for two years in the UK where he received the intensive training to become one of the most sought after professional mediums on the world stage today! 




Spiritual Teacher & Author
Author of the best sellers: Born Knowing, 101 Ways To Jump-Start Your Intuition, Psychic Navigator, Power of the Soul, The Spirit Whisperer, and three Oracle Card Decks with accompanying Apps. John also delivers a range of his signature psychic development workshops. 








JOIN JOHN'S ONLINE COMMUNITY
I hope you will join my online community so you can receive not only my regular Soul Inspirations newsletter, which is full of inspirational and healing messages, but also get advance notice of special events and offers, as well as connecting with like-minded souls all over the world.  Sign up today!



 









Oracle Reading
Your daily Psychic Tarot reading provides guidance, clarity, and direction to some of your life questions. Click here for Your Daily Oracle Reading





John's Store
Access John’s online store for all his books, online courses, apps, meditations, and signature workshops! Click Here to Visit John's Online Store





Mobile Apps
Use John’s mobile apps to give readings anywhere, anytime on your smartphones or tablets! Click Here To View John's Apps








As a psychic medium, I'm honored to have become one of the most respected spirit messengers on the world stage
Welcome to my website. I hope that you find all the information you're seeking, and comfort and peace in the knowledge that "Your Loved Ones Are Just A Thought Away."
As a spiritual medium, I take my work seriously and treat it with the utmost integrity and respect. I'm often heard to say: “If I can help people connect with someone on the Other-Side – by linking with the Spirit World – to bring peace, comfort, and perhaps some closure, or if I can help you understand and tap into your own inner-guidance (psychic intuition) for answers, then I feel I’ve done my job.”
View my latest Soul Inspirations Newsletter - click here >>Take part in one of my Signature Workshops - click here >>Sign up for a Group Reading - click here >>Attend one of my Lectures / Events - click here >> 

Upcoming events






Aug
4
2017


From Grieving to Believing : Releasing Pain - Remembering Love
ON SALE NOW
This workshop brings together three experts in their fields—John, David Kessler, and Paul Denniston—who will provide new skills to support the soul’s healing process and by doing so deepen your awareness. Quote LEARN1440 to secure a 20% discount - offer expires July 31st
As always and as a bonus, John will be demonstration his mediumship during the weekend with messages from Spirit. 



Aug
18
2017


MESSAGES from the SPIRIT WORLD - Connecting with your loved ones on the Other-Side
ON SALE NOW
John Holland will present this fascinating insight into how a medium connects with Spirit to bring healing messages of hope, love, and closure. John will reveal how Spirit communicates through them, how he validates the identity of each Spirit and interprets the message with the specific loved one in the audience. 














“ John is the "real deal." He's an incredible medium and he has helped so many people from around the world feel closure with the knowledge their loved ones who have passed are in a better place. ”
REID TRACY - CEO at Hay House Publishing





























































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.











John Sexton - Previous President for Thermotron Air Products Corporation

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Michigan



                
                >
                

Holland







 John Sexton
                        

Archived Record

                                    Holland,
                                    MI
                                
—
Previous President for Thermotron Air Products Corporation













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























John Sexton Overview
                    

John Sexton has been associated with one company, according to public records. The company was incorporated in Florida thirty-eight years ago and is no longer active. 
                    
                






Background Report for John J. Sexton


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for John J. Sexton
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    








                            Network Visualizer
                        























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Companies for John Sexton








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Thermotron Air Products Corporation
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1979
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                President
                            













 Excel
                    
Connections for John Sexton

                        A connection is made when two people are officers, directors, or otherwise associated with the same company. John Sexton has only one known connection. 
                    



1



                                    Harlan J. Sprik
                                



                                        Harlan J. Sprik has the following companies in common with John Sexton
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            T---------------------------------n
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1979
                        
                


                                2
                            



                                Director
                            























 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for John Sexton










338 W 12th St
Holland, MI 49423









Advertisements










Source







Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for John Sexton.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for John Sexton and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                338 W 12th St  Holland, MI 49423

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with John Sexton however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Source
            





                        Florida Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,580 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,735 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,202 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,452 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,359 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,181 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,066 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,849 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,735 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,888 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,462 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,533 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,178 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,206 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,761 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,100 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,571 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,580 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,373 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,916 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,345 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,948 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,855 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,337 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,897 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,482 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,206 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,611 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,578 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,393 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,535 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,313 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,017 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,087 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,214 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,672 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,002 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,329 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,674 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,150 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,720 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,368 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,908 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,452 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,362 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,729 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,595 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,496 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,310 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,732 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,782 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,359 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,239 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,897 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,959 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,202 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,750 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,421 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,907 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,957 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,501 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,498 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,078 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,325 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,945 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,976 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,782 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Michigan Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Michigan Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Cab West LLC

                                                
                                                    Dearborn, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bernard J. Angelo
Susan J. Thomas
Frank B. Bilotta










Barpellam, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David W. Barfield
James Hanrahan










Tos Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Traverse City, MI
                                                
                                        










Maven Drive LLC

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Julia Steyn
Alain Genouw










Aes Preferred Staffing Services, Inc

                                                
                                                    Sterling Heights, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Otto
Joseph Pantaleo










Adient US LLC

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hoover Universal, Inc.










Istim Metals, LLC

                                                
                                                    Canton, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William F. Whelan










Sunera Technologies, Inc

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rekha Mareddi
Kaki Reddy
Ravi Reddy










Conti Fire Protection, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sterling Heights, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul Duhaime










Ninjas In Action Inc

                                                
                                                    Farmington Hills, MI
                                                
                                        










Autosystems America Inc.

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        










Lecole Planners LLC

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        










Jones & Jones Leasing Co., LLC

                                                
                                                    Belleville, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wayne D. Jones
Shelly M. Jones










Game Time, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Litchfield, MI
                                                
                                        










Karima Cell Fl LLC

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Abed Itayem










McCord Gasket Corporation

                                                
                                                    Ann Arbor, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Psarouthakis










Jsa Acquisition Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        










Fegen Solar LLC

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        










General Motors LLC

                                                
                                                    Detroit, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel F. Akerson
Todd Robinson
Alan Batey










H.A. Automotive Systems, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        










Meritus Property Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Bloomfield Hills, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Meritus Communities, LLC










Zinco Associates LLC

                                                
                                                    Clarkston, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald Zinser










Omega Resource Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sterling Heights, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Otto
Michael Zybura
Todd Keller










Vetech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Canton, MI
                                                
                                        










Dorint Corporation

                                                
                                                    Ann Arbor, MI
                                                
                                        










Erc Homes Capital, LLC

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bruce H. Seyburn










The Nocheck Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Southfield, MI
                                                
                                        










Cancer Support Services

                                                
                                                    Dearborn, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Reynolds
Kyle Effler
Ginger Ison










Fca US LLC

                                                
                                                    Auburn Hills, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Thomas F. Gilman
Pietro Gorlier
Olivier Francois










Allegiant Equities, LLC

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        










Crystal River Mhp LLC

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Adam T. Schwerin










Stryder Corp.

                                                
                                                    Troy, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Garrett Kingsley Lord










Hoover Universal, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jerome D. Okarma










Sah Hospitality LLC

                                                
                                                    Mount Pleasant, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William L. Martin
Darrell Herbruck










Alro Steel Corporation

                                                
                                                    Jackson, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alvin L. Glick
Barry Glick
Richard S. Martoia










Verita Telecommunications Corp

                                                
                                                    Dearborn Heights, MI
                                                
                                        










Jsj Corporation

                                                
                                                    Grand Haven, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nelson C. Jacobson
Lynne Sherwood
F. Martin Johnson










H&T Nevada, LLC

                                                
                                                    Holland, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Christian Diemer
John Benaglio
Graham Clark










Camgirl Videos LLC

                                                
                                                    Livonia, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve R. Deppen
Andrew P. Lutz
Rhonda Bruner










Iron Wheels Motorcycle Club, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Owosso, MI
                                                
                                        










Notions Marketing Corporation

                                                
                                                    Grand Rapids, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Herbert D. Lantinga
John V. Tyke
Dan V. Duine










Innoscovery, Inc.

                                                
                                                    South Lyon, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott V. Thomsen










Hybralux, LLC

                                                
                                                    Warren, MI
                                                
                                        










Metaldyne Performance Group Inc.

                                                
                                                    Plymouth, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Blaufuss
Thomas A. Amato










Kurabe America Corporation

                                                
                                                    Livonia, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tomokazu Ishiyama
Nobuhiko Aoki
Takenobu Kanazawa










Nci Mfg, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Northville, MI
                                                
                                        










Paramount Bank

                                                
                                                    Farmington Hills, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul Kadavy
Michael Maher
Jeffery Sugg










Pet Supplies Plus Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Livonia, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel Boose
Christopher Rowland
Miles Tedder










Stainless Broadcasting Company

                                                
                                                    Okemos, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Brady










Empire Franchise Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Grand Rapids, MI
                                                
                                        



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Kova-Clean, LLC
18 days ago


Otsego




Apex Mitx Staffing, LLC
19 days ago


Sterling Heights




Atco Industries, Inc. - Texas
19 days ago


Sterling Heights




Sunscreen Rentals, LLC
20 days ago


Commerce Township




Luxury Fine Homes, LLC
20 days ago


Troy




Pk Grass Valley Terrace, Lp
20 days ago


Okemos




Tal Store La 876 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 877 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 875 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 874 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal La Market LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal La Holdings LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 872 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 871 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 870 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal Store La 873 LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Tal L A Warehouse LLC
20 days ago


Oak Park




Allegiant Equities, LLC
20 days ago


Troy




Mocha Hunters Inc
20 days ago


Dearborn




Progreen US, Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As Progreenus, Inc.
20 days ago


Bloomfield Township




Mimo Technik, Inc.
20 days ago


Owosso




Project K9 Hero
20 days ago


Detroit




White Sand Escape LLC
23 days ago


Saint Johns




Michigan Business Connection, Lc LLC
23 days ago


Ann Arbor




Metropolitan Real Estate Group of Florida, LLC
26 days ago


Detroit




Hella Automotive Sales, Inc.
26 days ago


Plymouth




Asap Ministries Inc
26 days ago


Berrien Springs




Smart Folks Inc
26 days ago


Wixom




Evergreen Evaluation & Data, LLC
27 days ago


Kalamazoo




Continuum LLC, The
27 days ago


Ada




Ims Group USA, Inc.
27 days ago


Ada




Benito's Pizza Oceanside, Inc.
27 days ago


Belleville




NW 119 Street Properties, LLC
30 days ago


Grand Rapids
Wyoming




16902 Cruse Street, LLC.
30 days ago


Detroit




16194 Princeton, LLC.
30 days ago


Detroit




16196 Princeton, LLC.
30 days ago


Detroit




16810 Ward Street LLC.
30 days ago


Detroit




14502 Snowden Street, LLC.
30 days ago


Detroit




Slaman Advisory Services, LLC
30 days ago


Flushing




Ndrvn LLC
31 days ago


Bloomfield Hills




Trident Labs, LLC
31 days ago


Holland




Biffco Invest LLC
31 days ago


Royal Oak




Ciber Global, LLC
1 month ago


Troy




Guardian Fabrication Central, Inc.
1 month ago


Auburn Hills




Adobe Development, LLC
1 month ago


Plainwell




National Auto Lube of Florida LLC
1 month ago


Dearborn




Faces of Monet Inc.
1 month ago


Detroit




De Jong Duke LLC
1 month ago


Taylor




Sean for Kelly LLC
1 month ago


Grosse Pointe Park




Meghan for Kelly LLC
1 month ago


Grosse Pointe Park









Top cities in Michigan





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Detroit
                


                56,377
            



                2
            


                    Grand Rapids
                


                35,160
            



                3
            


                    Southfield
                


                21,241
            



                4
            


                    Ann Arbor
                


                20,987
            



                5
            


                    Troy
                


                18,318
            



                6
            


                    Lansing
                


                16,294
            



                7
            


                    Flint
                


                13,753
            



                8
            


                    Kalamazoo
                


                13,530
            



                9
            


                    Warren
                


                12,945
            



                10
            


                    Livonia
                


                12,558
            



                11
            


                    Sterling Heights
                


                12,356
            



                12
            


                    Traverse City
                


                11,950
            



                13
            


                    Dearborn
                


                10,630
            



                14
            


                    Farmington
                


                10,627
            



                15
            


                    Saginaw
                


                10,371
            



                16
            


                    West Bloomfield
                


                10,195
            



                17
            


                    Bloomfield Hills
                


                10,026
            



                18
            


                    Clinton Township
                


                9,465
            



                19
            


                    Muskegon
                


                8,806
            



                20
            


                    Rochester
                


                8,741
            



                21
            


                    Jackson
                


                8,403
            



                22
            


                    Holland
                


                8,304
            



                23
            


                    Novi
                


                7,865
            



                24
            


                    Canton
                


                7,863
            



                25
            


                    Royal Oak
                


                7,694
            



                26
            


                    Battle Creek
                


                7,596
            



                27
            


                    Ypsilanti
                


                7,526
            



                28
            


                    Waterford
                


                7,465
            



                29
            


                    Farmington Hills
                


                6,828
            



                30
            


                    Birmingham
                


                6,795
            



                31
            


                    Brighton
                


                6,452
            



                32
            


                    Utica
                


                6,402
            



                33
            


                    Plymouth
                


                6,322
            



                34
            


                    Macomb
                


                6,158
            



                35
            


                    Saint Clair Shores
                


                5,910
            



                36
            


                    Howell
                


                5,814
            



                37
            


                    Midland
                


                5,743
            



                38
            


                    Westland
                


                5,627
            



                39
            


                    Bay City
                


                5,544
            



                40
            


                    Portage
                


                5,362
            



                41
            


                    Clarkston
                


                5,292
            



                42
            


                    Taylor
                


                5,047
            



                43
            


                    Northville
                


                5,025
            



                44
            


                    Pontiac
                


                5,022
            



                45
            


                    East Lansing
                


                4,926
            



                46
            


                    Grosse Pointe
                


                4,767
            



                47
            


                    Dearborn Heights
                


                4,569
            



                48
            


                    Grand Blanc
                


                4,540
            



                49
            


                    Roseville
                


                4,313
            



                50
            


                    Auburn Hills
                


                4,303
            



                51
            


                    Redford
                


                4,292
            



                52
            


                    Monroe
                


                4,147
            



                53
            


                    Madison Heights
                


                4,128
            



                54
            


                    Fenton
                


                4,019
            



                55
            


                    Oak Park
                


                3,939
            



                56
            


                    Wyoming
                


                3,891
            



                57
            


                    Port Huron
                


                3,674
            



                58
            


                    Lake Orion
                


                3,671
            



                59
            


                    New Baltimore
                


                3,644
            



                60
            


                    Grandville
                


                3,582
            



                61
            


                    Belleville
                


                3,501
            



                62
            


                    Rochester Hills
                


                3,415
            



                63
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                3,400
            



                64
            


                    Grand Haven
                


                3,379
            



                65
            


                    Rockford
                


                3,308
            



                66
            


                    Shelby Township
                


                3,287
            



                67
            


                    Okemos
                


                3,286
            



                68
            


                    Commerce Township
                


                3,201
            



                69
            


                    Romulus
                


                3,196
            



                70
            


                    Ferndale
                


                3,033
            



                71
            


                    Saint Joseph
                


                3,014
            



                72
            


                    Marquette
                


                3,013
            



                73
            


                    Adrian
                


                2,991
            



                74
            


                    Benton Harbor
                


                2,968
            



                75
            


                    Niles
                


                2,965
            



                76
            


                    Lapeer
                


                2,926
            



                77
            


                    Milford
                


                2,867
            



                78
            


                    Petoskey
                


                2,792
            



                79
            


                    Eastpointe
                


                2,731
            



                80
            


                    Trenton
                


                2,724
            



                81
            


                    White Lake
                


                2,724
            



                82
            


                    Wixom
                


                2,718
            



                83
            


                    South Lyon
                


                2,714
            



                84
            


                    Walled Lake
                


                2,654
            



                85
            


                    Mount Clemens
                


                2,644
            



                86
            


                    Oxford
                


                2,624
            



                87
            


                    Hudsonville
                


                2,558
            



                88
            


                    Franklin
                


                2,475
            



                89
            


                    Davison
                


                2,452
            



                90
            


                    Burton
                


                2,441
            



                91
            


                    Zeeland
                


                2,390
            



                92
            


                    Saline
                


                2,384
            



                93
            


                    Allen Park
                


                2,366
            



                94
            


                    Washington
                


                2,327
            



                95
            


                    Alpena
                


                2,294
            



                96
            


                    Southgate
                


                2,279
            



                97
            


                    Ada
                


                2,276
            



                98
            


                    Owosso
                


                2,272
            



                99
            


                    Dexter
                


                2,263
            



                100
            


                    Harrison Township
                


                2,247
            



                101
            


                    Flushing
                


                2,245
            



                102
            


                    Garden City
                


                2,198
            



                103
            


                    Jenison
                


                2,176
            



                104
            


                    Lincoln Park
                


                2,144
            



                105
            


                    Coldwater
                


                2,126
            



                106
            


                    Holly
                


                2,090
            



                107
            


                    Cadillac
                


                2,085
            



                108
            


                    Byron Center
                


                2,066
            



                109
            


                    Caledonia
                


                2,058
            



                110
            


                    Wyandotte
                


                2,044
            



                111
            


                    Spring Lake
                


                1,941
            



                112
            


                    Charlotte
                


                1,929
            



                113
            


                    Mason
                


                1,927
            



                114
            


                    Highland
                


                1,903
            



                115
            


                    Ludington
                


                1,843
            



                116
            


                    Fraser
                


                1,841
            



                117
            


                    Berkley
                


                1,827
            



                118
            


                    Highland Park
                


                1,784
            



                119
            


                    Escanaba
                


                1,770
            



                120
            


                    Grand Ledge
                


                1,757
            



                121
            


                    Swartz Creek
                


                1,753
            



                122
            


                    Clio
                


                1,707
            



                123
            


                    Sault Sainte Marie
                


                1,686
            



                124
            


                    Three Rivers
                


                1,666
            



                125
            


                    Holt
                


                1,654
            



                126
            


                    Pinckney
                


                1,637
            



                127
            


                    Sturgis
                


                1,622
            



                128
            


                    Marshall
                


                1,601
            



                129
            


                    Comstock Park
                


                1,591
            



                130
            


                    Hastings
                


                1,584
            



                131
            


                    Wayne
                


                1,578
            



                132
            


                    Chelsea
                


                1,559
            



                133
            


                    Dewitt
                


                1,557
            



                134
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,555
            



                135
            


                    Inkster
                


                1,548
            



                136
            


                    Lowell
                


                1,518
            



                137
            


                    Hamtramck
                


                1,513
            



                138
            


                    Ortonville
                


                1,505
            



                139
            


                    South Haven
                


                1,501
            



                140
            


                    Harper Woods
                


                1,485
            



                141
            


                    Saint Johns
                


                1,484
            



                142
            


                    Allegan
                


                1,481
            



                143
            


                    Gaylord
                


                1,481
            



                144
            


                    Big Rapids
                


                1,476
            



                145
            


                    Cheboygan
                


                1,465
            



                146
            


                    Hazel Park
                


                1,439
            



                147
            


                    Charlevoix
                


                1,437
            



                148
            


                    Flat Rock
                


                1,430
            



                149
            


                    Clawson
                


                1,425
            



                150
            


                    Whitmore Lake
                


                1,380
            



                151
            


                    Paw Paw
                


                1,377
            



                152
            


                    Fort Gratiot
                


                1,357
            



                153
            


                    Eaton Rapids
                


                1,351
            



                154
            


                    Harbor Springs
                


                1,340
            



                155
            


                    Chesterfield
                


                1,335
            



                156
            


                    Linden
                


                1,335
            



                157
            


                    Mount Morris
                


                1,325
            



                158
            


                    Manistee
                


                1,317
            



                159
            


                    Iron Mountain
                


                1,314
            



                160
            


                    Hillsdale
                


                1,304
            



                161
            


                    West Branch
                


                1,304
            



                162
            


                    Temperance
                


                1,302
            



                163
            


                    Plainwell
                


                1,297
            



                164
            


                    Williamston
                


                1,277
            



                165
            


                    Tecumseh
                


                1,268
            



                166
            


                    Gladwin
                


                1,257
            



                167
            


                    Grosse Ile
                


                1,245
            



                168
            


                    Saint Clair
                


                1,223
            



                169
            


                    Fowlerville
                


                1,214
            



                170
            


                    Dowagiac
                


                1,198
            



                171
            


                    Caro
                


                1,182
            



                172
            


                    Cedar Springs
                


                1,174
            



                173
            


                    Romeo
                


                1,159
            



                174
            


                    Milan
                


                1,154
            



                175
            


                    Ionia
                


                1,153
            



                176
            


                    Sparta
                


                1,147
            



                177
            


                    Fremont
                


                1,133
            



                178
            


                    Freeland
                


                1,122
            



                179
            


                    Alma
                


                1,108
            



                180
            


                    Riverview
                


                1,105
            



                181
            


                    Haslett
                


                1,073
            



                182
            


                    Wayland
                


                1,044
            



                183
            


                    Stevensville
                


                1,040
            



                184
            


                    Albion
                


                1,016
            



                185
            


                    Berrien Springs
                


                1,006
            



                186
            


                    Brooklyn
                


                1,006
            



                187
            


                    Grayling
                


                992
            



                188
            


                    Allendale
                


                976
            



                189
            


                    Clare
                


                970
            



                190
            


                    Richmond
                


                965
            



                191
            


                    Vicksburg
                


                951
            



                192
            


                    Frankenmuth
                


                950
            



                193
            


                    Newaygo
                


                936
            



                194
            


                    Marysville
                


                933
            



                195
            


                    Metamora
                


                931
            



                196
            


                    Menominee
                


                930
            



                197
            


                    Belmont
                


                916
            



                198
            


                    Harrison
                


                912
            



                199
            


                    Imlay City
                


                896
            



                200
            


                    Boyne City
                


                894
            



                201
            


                    Williamsburg
                


                886
            



                202
            


                    Kalkaska
                


                881
            



                203
            


                    Roscommon
                


                881
            



                204
            


                    Keego Harbor
                


                879
            



                205
            


                    Manchester
                


                867
            



                206
            


                    Houghton Lake
                


                866
            



                207
            


                    Bad Axe
                


                863
            



                208
            


                    Middleville
                


                861
            



                209
            


                    Buchanan
                


                855
            



                210
            


                    Oscoda
                


                853
            



                211
            


                    Coloma
                


                852
            



                212
            


                    Richland
                


                848
            



                213
            


                    Belding
                


                847
            



                214
            


                    New Hudson
                


                836
            



                215
            


                    Rockwood
                


                835
            



                216
            


                    Whitehall
                


                830
            



                217
            


                    Davisburg
                


                828
            



                218
            


                    Mattawan
                


                821
            



                219
            


                    Birch Run
                


                819
            



                220
            


                    New Boston
                


                816
            



                221
            


                    Houghton
                


                814
            



                222
            


                    Durand
                


                805
            



                223
            


                    Algonac
                


                803
            



                224
            


                    Grass Lake
                


                802
            



                225
            


                    Lambertville
                


                801
            



                226
            


                    Ishpeming
                


                794
            



                227
            


                    Huntington Woods
                


                789
            



                228
            


                    Bingham Farms
                


                782
            



                229
            


                    Coopersville
                


                775
            



                230
            


                    Carleton
                


                773
            



                231
            


                    New Buffalo
                


                770
            



                232
            


                    Edwardsburg
                


                768
            



                233
            


                    Center Line
                


                765
            



                234
            


                    Portland
                


                756
            



                235
            


                    Alto
                


                752
            



                236
            


                    Hartland
                


                752
            



                237
            


                    Norton Shores
                


                749
            



                238
            


                    Marine City
                


                744
            



                239
            


                    Melvindale
                


                729
            



                240
            


                    Ironwood
                


                717
            



                241
            


                    Vassar
                


                711
            



                242
            


                    West Olive
                


                711
            



                243
            


                    Fennville
                


                710
            



                244
            


                    Gladstone
                


                710
            



                245
            


                    Cassopolis
                


                709
            



                246
            


                    Essexville
                


                701
            



                247
            


                    Sandusky
                


                700
            



                248
            


                    Dorr
                


                684
            



                249
            


                    Kentwood
                


                683
            



                250
            


                    Beaverton
                


                680
            



                251
            


                    Goodrich
                


                679
            



                252
            


                    Schoolcraft
                


                679
            



                253
            


                    Suttons Bay
                


                674
            



                254
            


                    Millington
                


                670
            



                255
            


                    Sanford
                


                662
            



                256
            


                    Otsego
                


                659
            



                257
            


                    New Haven
                


                654
            



                258
            


                    Interlochen
                


                648
            



                259
            


                    Hamilton
                


                647
            



                260
            


                    Perry
                


                640
            



                261
            


                    Bellaire
                


                639
            



                262
            


                    Dundee
                


                639
            



                263
            


                    Twin Lake
                


                636
            



                264
            


                    Hart
                


                635
            



                265
            


                    Mio
                


                634
            



                266
            


                    Calumet
                


                633
            



                267
            


                    Saugatuck
                


                622
            



                268
            


                    Pinconning
                


                621
            



                269
            


                    Lake City
                


                615
            



                270
            


                    Chesaning
                


                612
            



                271
            


                    Laingsburg
                


                612
            



                272
            


                    Montague
                


                612
            



                273
            


                    Iron River
                


                607
            



                274
            


                    East Jordan
                


                606
            



                275
            


                    Delton
                


                605
            



                276
            


                    Fruitport
                


                605
            



                277
            


                    Grant
                


                604
            



                278
            


                    Ithaca
                


                604
            



                279
            


                    Hancock
                


                600
            



                280
            


                    Almont
                


                596
            



                281
            


                    Howard City
                


                596
            



                282
            


                    Blissfield
                


                595
            



                283
            


                    Newport
                


                595
            



                284
            


                    Negaunee
                


                590
            



                285
            


                    Kingsley
                


                587
            



                286
            


                    Oakland
                


                586
            



                287
            


                    Galesburg
                


                583
            



                288
            


                    Standish
                


                583
            



                289
            


                    Smiths Creek
                


                582
            



                290
            


                    Onsted
                


                577
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                576
            



                292
            


                    Reed City
                


                571
            



                293
            


                    Bloomfield
                


                570
            



                294
            


                    Kingsford
                


                570
            



                295
            


                    Jonesville
                


                568
            



                296
            


                    East China
                


                562
            



                297
            


                    Armada
                


                554
            



                298
            


                    Marlette
                


                554
            



                299
            


                    North Branch
                


                554
            



                300
            


                    Mancelona
                


                547
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Holland, Michigan Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Holland, MI Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Michigan








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















H&T Nevada, LLC

                                                
                                                    Holland, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Christian Diemer
John Benaglio
Graham Clark










Donnelly Magna Investments Inc

                                                
                                                    Holland, MI
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeff Etheridge
Carlos Mazzorin
Dwane Baumgardner




















                    Recently found companies in Holland
                





Company
Found




Trident Labs, LLC


                31 days ago
            



Essenburg Car Wash of Florida LLC


                1 month ago
            



Hatchineha LLC


                1 month ago
            



Gdp Lake City, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Cromwell West Fl LLC


                4 months ago
            



DC Battery Hub-Ca, LLC


                4 months ago
            



Best Hydrations, LLC


                5 months ago
            



Indiantown Property Holdings LLC


                5 months ago
            



Indiantown Marine Center LLC


                5 months ago
            



Code Blue Systems Corporation


                6 months ago
            



Classe Properties, LLC


                6 months ago
            



Vrb Sales LLC


                6 months ago
            



Gdp Pinellas Park, LLC


                7 months ago
            



Gdp Palm Harbor, LLC


                7 months ago
            



Gdp Clearwater, LLC


                7 months ago
            



Gdp Tampa, LLC


                7 months ago
            



Rare Bird Holdings, LLC


                11 months ago
            



Trovato LLC


                1 year ago
            



3 Belair, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Florida Road Testing, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Bay to Beach Fort Myers LLC


                1 year ago
            



Davio Pharma Consulting, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Ltq, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Brenner Oil Group, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Automotive Professionals, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Cig Worldwide LLC


                1 year ago
            



H&T Nevada, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Denboer & Son, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Rivante


                2 years ago
            



Colonial Land Solutions, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Haworth Health Environments, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Learfield Licensing Partners, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Susan Suuta, P.A.


                3 years ago
            



Maritimo Offshore Yacht Sales, Inc.


                3 years ago
            



Providence Energy, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Scheerhorn, LLC


                3 years ago
            



Hkmy, LLC


                4 years ago
            



Marshall Engineering LLC


                4 years ago
            



Zipments Corp


                4 years ago
            



Everest Expedition, LLC


                4 years ago
            



Gordon M. Buitendorp Associates, Inc.


                4 years ago
            



Perrigo Sales Corporation


                4 years ago
            



Smdc International (USA), Inc.


                4 years ago
            



Thought Stream LLC


                4 years ago
            



Informs Technologies, Inc.


                5 years ago
            



Institute for Analytical Philately Inc


                5 years ago
            



Apache Logistics, Inc.


                5 years ago
            



Advantage Marketing LLC


                5 years ago
            



God's Embrace Renewal Centers, Ltd.


                5 years ago
            



Informs, Inc


                5 years ago
            








Top cities in Michigan





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Detroit
                


                56,377
            



                2
            


                    Grand Rapids
                


                35,160
            



                3
            


                    Southfield
                


                21,241
            



                4
            


                    Ann Arbor
                


                20,987
            



                5
            


                    Troy
                


                18,318
            



                6
            


                    Lansing
                


                16,294
            



                7
            


                    Flint
                


                13,753
            



                8
            


                    Kalamazoo
                


                13,530
            



                9
            


                    Warren
                


                12,945
            



                10
            


                    Livonia
                


                12,558
            



                11
            


                    Sterling Heights
                


                12,356
            



                12
            


                    Traverse City
                


                11,950
            



                13
            


                    Dearborn
                


                10,630
            



                14
            


                    Farmington
                


                10,627
            



                15
            


                    Saginaw
                


                10,371
            



                16
            


                    West Bloomfield
                


                10,195
            



                17
            


                    Bloomfield Hills
                


                10,026
            



                18
            


                    Clinton Township
                


                9,465
            



                19
            


                    Muskegon
                


                8,806
            



                20
            


                    Rochester
                


                8,741
            



                21
            


                    Jackson
                


                8,403
            



                22
            


                    Holland
                


                8,304
            



                23
            


                    Novi
                


                7,865
            



                24
            


                    Canton
                


                7,863
            



                25
            


                    Royal Oak
                


                7,694
            



                26
            


                    Battle Creek
                


                7,596
            



                27
            


                    Ypsilanti
                


                7,526
            



                28
            


                    Waterford
                


                7,465
            



                29
            


                    Farmington Hills
                


                6,828
            



                30
            


                    Birmingham
                


                6,795
            



                31
            


                    Brighton
                


                6,452
            



                32
            


                    Utica
                


                6,402
            



                33
            


                    Plymouth
                


                6,322
            



                34
            


                    Macomb
                


                6,158
            



                35
            


                    Saint Clair Shores
                


                5,910
            



                36
            


                    Howell
                


                5,814
            



                37
            


                    Midland
                


                5,743
            



                38
            


                    Westland
                


                5,627
            



                39
            


                    Bay City
                


                5,544
            



                40
            


                    Portage
                


                5,362
            



                41
            


                    Clarkston
                


                5,292
            



                42
            


                    Taylor
                


                5,047
            



                43
            


                    Northville
                


                5,025
            



                44
            


                    Pontiac
                


                5,022
            



                45
            


                    East Lansing
                


                4,926
            



                46
            


                    Grosse Pointe
                


                4,767
            



                47
            


                    Dearborn Heights
                


                4,569
            



                48
            


                    Grand Blanc
                


                4,540
            



                49
            


                    Roseville
                


                4,313
            



                50
            


                    Auburn Hills
                


                4,303
            



                51
            


                    Redford
                


                4,292
            



                52
            


                    Monroe
                


                4,147
            



                53
            


                    Madison Heights
                


                4,128
            



                54
            


                    Fenton
                


                4,019
            



                55
            


                    Oak Park
                


                3,939
            



                56
            


                    Wyoming
                


                3,891
            



                57
            


                    Port Huron
                


                3,674
            



                58
            


                    Lake Orion
                


                3,671
            



                59
            


                    New Baltimore
                


                3,644
            



                60
            


                    Grandville
                


                3,582
            



                61
            


                    Belleville
                


                3,501
            



                62
            


                    Rochester Hills
                


                3,415
            



                63
            


                    Mount Pleasant
                


                3,400
            



                64
            


                    Grand Haven
                


                3,379
            



                65
            


                    Rockford
                


                3,308
            



                66
            


                    Shelby Township
                


                3,287
            



                67
            


                    Okemos
                


                3,286
            



                68
            


                    Commerce Township
                


                3,201
            



                69
            


                    Romulus
                


                3,196
            



                70
            


                    Ferndale
                


                3,033
            



                71
            


                    Saint Joseph
                


                3,014
            



                72
            


                    Marquette
                


                3,013
            



                73
            


                    Adrian
                


                2,991
            



                74
            


                    Benton Harbor
                


                2,968
            



                75
            


                    Niles
                


                2,965
            



                76
            


                    Lapeer
                


                2,926
            



                77
            


                    Milford
                


                2,867
            



                78
            


                    Petoskey
                


                2,792
            



                79
            


                    Eastpointe
                


                2,731
            



                80
            


                    Trenton
                


                2,724
            



                81
            


                    White Lake
                


                2,724
            



                82
            


                    Wixom
                


                2,718
            



                83
            


                    South Lyon
                


                2,714
            



                84
            


                    Walled Lake
                


                2,654
            



                85
            


                    Mount Clemens
                


                2,644
            



                86
            


                    Oxford
                


                2,624
            



                87
            


                    Hudsonville
                


                2,558
            



                88
            


                    Franklin
                


                2,475
            



                89
            


                    Davison
                


                2,452
            



                90
            


                    Burton
                


                2,441
            



                91
            


                    Zeeland
                


                2,390
            



                92
            


                    Saline
                


                2,384
            



                93
            


                    Allen Park
                


                2,366
            



                94
            


                    Washington
                


                2,327
            



                95
            


                    Alpena
                


                2,294
            



                96
            


                    Southgate
                


                2,279
            



                97
            


                    Ada
                


                2,276
            



                98
            


                    Owosso
                


                2,272
            



                99
            


                    Dexter
                


                2,263
            



                100
            


                    Harrison Township
                


                2,247
            



                101
            


                    Flushing
                


                2,245
            



                102
            


                    Garden City
                


                2,198
            



                103
            


                    Jenison
                


                2,176
            



                104
            


                    Lincoln Park
                


                2,144
            



                105
            


                    Coldwater
                


                2,126
            



                106
            


                    Holly
                


                2,090
            



                107
            


                    Cadillac
                


                2,085
            



                108
            


                    Byron Center
                


                2,066
            



                109
            


                    Caledonia
                


                2,058
            



                110
            


                    Wyandotte
                


                2,044
            



                111
            


                    Spring Lake
                


                1,941
            



                112
            


                    Charlotte
                


                1,929
            



                113
            


                    Mason
                


                1,927
            



                114
            


                    Highland
                


                1,903
            



                115
            


                    Ludington
                


                1,843
            



                116
            


                    Fraser
                


                1,841
            



                117
            


                    Berkley
                


                1,827
            



                118
            


                    Highland Park
                


                1,784
            



                119
            


                    Escanaba
                


                1,770
            



                120
            


                    Grand Ledge
                


                1,757
            



                121
            


                    Swartz Creek
                


                1,753
            



                122
            


                    Clio
                


                1,707
            



                123
            


                    Sault Sainte Marie
                


                1,686
            



                124
            


                    Three Rivers
                


                1,666
            



                125
            


                    Holt
                


                1,654
            



                126
            


                    Pinckney
                


                1,637
            



                127
            


                    Sturgis
                


                1,622
            



                128
            


                    Marshall
                


                1,601
            



                129
            


                    Comstock Park
                


                1,591
            



                130
            


                    Hastings
                


                1,584
            



                131
            


                    Wayne
                


                1,578
            



                132
            


                    Chelsea
                


                1,559
            



                133
            


                    Dewitt
                


                1,557
            



                134
            


                    Greenville
                


                1,555
            



                135
            


                    Inkster
                


                1,548
            



                136
            


                    Lowell
                


                1,518
            



                137
            


                    Hamtramck
                


                1,513
            



                138
            


                    Ortonville
                


                1,505
            



                139
            


                    South Haven
                


                1,501
            



                140
            


                    Harper Woods
                


                1,485
            



                141
            


                    Saint Johns
                


                1,484
            



                142
            


                    Allegan
                


                1,481
            



                143
            


                    Gaylord
                


                1,481
            



                144
            


                    Big Rapids
                


                1,476
            



                145
            


                    Cheboygan
                


                1,465
            



                146
            


                    Hazel Park
                


                1,439
            



                147
            


                    Charlevoix
                


                1,437
            



                148
            


                    Flat Rock
                


                1,430
            



                149
            


                    Clawson
                


                1,425
            



                150
            


                    Whitmore Lake
                


                1,380
            



                151
            


                    Paw Paw
                


                1,377
            



                152
            


                    Fort Gratiot
                


                1,357
            



                153
            


                    Eaton Rapids
                


                1,351
            



                154
            


                    Harbor Springs
                


                1,340
            



                155
            


                    Chesterfield
                


                1,335
            



                156
            


                    Linden
                


                1,335
            



                157
            


                    Mount Morris
                


                1,325
            



                158
            


                    Manistee
                


                1,317
            



                159
            


                    Iron Mountain
                


                1,314
            



                160
            


                    Hillsdale
                


                1,304
            



                161
            


                    West Branch
                


                1,304
            



                162
            


                    Temperance
                


                1,302
            



                163
            


                    Plainwell
                


                1,297
            



                164
            


                    Williamston
                


                1,277
            



                165
            


                    Tecumseh
                


                1,268
            



                166
            


                    Gladwin
                


                1,257
            



                167
            


                    Grosse Ile
                


                1,245
            



                168
            


                    Saint Clair
                


                1,223
            



                169
            


                    Fowlerville
                


                1,214
            



                170
            


                    Dowagiac
                


                1,198
            



                171
            


                    Caro
                


                1,182
            



                172
            


                    Cedar Springs
                


                1,174
            



                173
            


                    Romeo
                


                1,159
            



                174
            


                    Milan
                


                1,154
            



                175
            


                    Ionia
                


                1,153
            



                176
            


                    Sparta
                


                1,147
            



                177
            


                    Fremont
                


                1,133
            



                178
            


                    Freeland
                


                1,122
            



                179
            


                    Alma
                


                1,108
            



                180
            


                    Riverview
                


                1,105
            



                181
            


                    Haslett
                


                1,073
            



                182
            


                    Wayland
                


                1,044
            



                183
            


                    Stevensville
                


                1,040
            



                184
            


                    Albion
                


                1,016
            



                185
            


                    Berrien Springs
                


                1,006
            



                186
            


                    Brooklyn
                


                1,006
            



                187
            


                    Grayling
                


                992
            



                188
            


                    Allendale
                


                976
            



                189
            


                    Clare
                


                970
            



                190
            


                    Richmond
                


                965
            



                191
            


                    Vicksburg
                


                951
            



                192
            


                    Frankenmuth
                


                950
            



                193
            


                    Newaygo
                


                936
            



                194
            


                    Marysville
                


                933
            



                195
            


                    Metamora
                


                931
            



                196
            


                    Menominee
                


                930
            



                197
            


                    Belmont
                


                916
            



                198
            


                    Harrison
                


                912
            



                199
            


                    Imlay City
                


                896
            



                200
            


                    Boyne City
                


                894
            



                201
            


                    Williamsburg
                


                886
            



                202
            


                    Kalkaska
                


                881
            



                203
            


                    Roscommon
                


                881
            



                204
            


                    Keego Harbor
                


                879
            



                205
            


                    Manchester
                


                867
            



                206
            


                    Houghton Lake
                


                866
            



                207
            


                    Bad Axe
                


                863
            



                208
            


                    Middleville
                


                861
            



                209
            


                    Buchanan
                


                855
            



                210
            


                    Oscoda
                


                853
            



                211
            


                    Coloma
                


                852
            



                212
            


                    Richland
                


                848
            



                213
            


                    Belding
                


                847
            



                214
            


                    New Hudson
                


                836
            



                215
            


                    Rockwood
                


                835
            



                216
            


                    Whitehall
                


                830
            



                217
            


                    Davisburg
                


                828
            



                218
            


                    Mattawan
                


                821
            



                219
            


                    Birch Run
                


                819
            



                220
            


                    New Boston
                


                816
            



                221
            


                    Houghton
                


                814
            



                222
            


                    Durand
                


                805
            



                223
            


                    Algonac
                


                803
            



                224
            


                    Grass Lake
                


                802
            



                225
            


                    Lambertville
                


                801
            



                226
            


                    Ishpeming
                


                794
            



                227
            


                    Huntington Woods
                


                789
            



                228
            


                    Bingham Farms
                


                782
            



                229
            


                    Coopersville
                


                775
            



                230
            


                    Carleton
                


                773
            



                231
            


                    New Buffalo
                


                770
            



                232
            


                    Edwardsburg
                


                768
            



                233
            


                    Center Line
                


                765
            



                234
            


                    Portland
                


                756
            



                235
            


                    Alto
                


                752
            



                236
            


                    Hartland
                


                752
            



                237
            


                    Norton Shores
                


                749
            



                238
            


                    Marine City
                


                744
            



                239
            


                    Melvindale
                


                729
            



                240
            


                    Ironwood
                


                717
            



                241
            


                    Vassar
                


                711
            



                242
            


                    West Olive
                


                711
            



                243
            


                    Fennville
                


                710
            



                244
            


                    Gladstone
                


                710
            



                245
            


                    Cassopolis
                


                709
            



                246
            


                    Essexville
                


                701
            



                247
            


                    Sandusky
                


                700
            



                248
            


                    Dorr
                


                684
            



                249
            


                    Kentwood
                


                683
            



                250
            


                    Beaverton
                


                680
            



                251
            


                    Goodrich
                


                679
            



                252
            


                    Schoolcraft
                


                679
            



                253
            


                    Suttons Bay
                


                674
            



                254
            


                    Millington
                


                670
            



                255
            


                    Sanford
                


                662
            



                256
            


                    Otsego
                


                659
            



                257
            


                    New Haven
                


                654
            



                258
            


                    Interlochen
                


                648
            



                259
            


                    Hamilton
                


                647
            



                260
            


                    Perry
                


                640
            



                261
            


                    Bellaire
                


                639
            



                262
            


                    Dundee
                


                639
            



                263
            


                    Twin Lake
                


                636
            



                264
            


                    Hart
                


                635
            



                265
            


                    Mio
                


                634
            



                266
            


                    Calumet
                


                633
            



                267
            


                    Saugatuck
                


                622
            



                268
            


                    Pinconning
                


                621
            



                269
            


                    Lake City
                


                615
            



                270
            


                    Chesaning
                


                612
            



                271
            


                    Laingsburg
                


                612
            



                272
            


                    Montague
                


                612
            



                273
            


                    Iron River
                


                607
            



                274
            


                    East Jordan
                


                606
            



                275
            


                    Delton
                


                605
            



                276
            


                    Fruitport
                


                605
            



                277
            


                    Grant
                


                604
            



                278
            


                    Ithaca
                


                604
            



                279
            


                    Hancock
                


                600
            



                280
            


                    Almont
                


                596
            



                281
            


                    Howard City
                


                596
            



                282
            


                    Blissfield
                


                595
            



                283
            


                    Newport
                


                595
            



                284
            


                    Negaunee
                


                590
            



                285
            


                    Kingsley
                


                587
            



                286
            


                    Oakland
                


                586
            



                287
            


                    Galesburg
                


                583
            



                288
            


                    Standish
                


                583
            



                289
            


                    Smiths Creek
                


                582
            



                290
            


                    Onsted
                


                577
            



                291
            


                    Montrose
                


                576
            



                292
            


                    Reed City
                


                571
            



                293
            


                    Bloomfield
                


                570
            



                294
            


                    Kingsford
                


                570
            



                295
            


                    Jonesville
                


                568
            



                296
            


                    East China
                


                562
            



                297
            


                    Armada
                


                554
            



                298
            


                    Marlette
                


                554
            



                299
            


                    North Branch
                


                554
            



                300
            


                    Mancelona
                


                547
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.
















Holland, John J MD 701 N 1st St Springfield, IL Emergency Medicine - MapQuest







































































































    Holland, John J MD
  

701 N 1st St

Springfield
IL
62702




 Reviews



(217) 788-3030
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















 



Products Archive - Holland & Holland

















































































Sign up to our newsletter for exclusive news, events and promotions from around the world of Holland & Holland.




Interests:  

 Gun Room   				

 Clothing & Accessories   
				

 Shooting Grounds				





 








 
 
 
 



Menu
 








Holland & Holland









Holland and Holland - Breadcrumb





Home / Products 









Product categories

Shooting AccessoriesCartridge BagsCartridge BeltsCartridge MagazinesDVDsEar ProtectionEmbossingGame BooksGeneral AccessoriesGun Cleaning EquipmentGun CoversGun & Rifle CasesHunting AccessoriesKnivesLeather Accessories
Gift SetsStarter Gift Sets
BooksGunmaking BooksShooting Books







Online Store








 





Leather Bolt Action Rifle Sleeve


GBP
£563
Ref No.  003861


Read more 




Leather Double Rifle Sleeve


GBP
£479
Ref No.  003861


Read more 




Leather Gun Cover Tan


GBP
 £610
Ref No.  002937


Select options 




Leather Gun Cover Dark Brown


GBP
 £610
Ref No.  003833 Brown


Select options 




Leather Double Gun Cover Tan


GBP
 £1250
Ref No.  003353 DBL


Select options 




Leather Double Gun Cover Dark Brown


GBP
 £1250
Ref No.  003353 DBL Dark Brown


Select options 




Leather Cartridge Bag Dark Brown


GBP
 £430
Ref No.  003832


Select options 




Leather Cartridge Bag Tan


GBP
 £430
Ref No.  003832 Tan


Select options 




Holland & Holland Baseball Cap


GBP
£21
Ref No.  003852KHAKI


Read more 




Holland & Holland Baseball Cap


GBP
£21
Ref No.  003852GREEN


Add to cart 




Holland & Holland Baseball Cap


GBP
£21
Ref No.  003852BLACK


Add to cart 




Leather Closed End Cartridge Belt


GBP
 £120
Ref No.  001955


Select options 




Leather Open End Cartridge Belt


GBP
 £100
Ref No.  001954


Select options 




Shooting Stick


GBP
£125
Ref No.  001571


Add to cart 




Waxed Baseball Cap


GBP
£21
Ref No.  002574


Add to cart 




Canvas Rifle Sling


GBP
£58
Ref No.  001493KHAKI


Add to cart 




Canvas Rifle Sling


GBP
£58
Ref No.  001493BURGUNDY


Add to cart 




Micarta Position Finders


GBP
£133
Ref No.  001892EIGHT


Add to cart 




Micarta Position Finders


GBP
£150
Ref No.  001892TEN


Add to cart 




Leather Shotgun Handguard


GBP
 £55
Ref No.  001459


Select options 




Leather Safari Belt


GBP
 £95
Ref No.  002395


Select options 




Leather Slip-on Recoil Pads


GBP
 £90
Ref No.  000192


Select options 




Gun Stand Set Of Cards


GBP
£17
Ref No.  1482


Add to cart 




Leather Cartridge Holdall


GBP
£746
Ref No.  001189


Add to cart 







































