


PFG Daniel Joseph Houston Insider Trades for Principal Financial Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Principal Financial Group Inc.

                  NYSE: PFG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Principal Financial Group Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 24, 2017, 11:56 a.m.


PFG

/quotes/zigman/289371/composite


$
66.46




Change

+0.04
+0.06%

Volume
Volume 133,630
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/289371/composite
Previous close

$
			66.42
		


$
				66.46
			
Change

+0.04
+0.06%





Day low
Day high
$66.13
$66.48










52 week low
52 week high

            $44.23
        

            $66.95
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Daniel Joseph Houston



Mr. Daniel Joseph Houston is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Principal Life Insurance Co., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at The Principal Financial Group, Inc., Chairman at United Way of Central Iowa and President & Chief Executive Officer at Principal Financial Services, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Principal Life Insurance Co., America's Health Insurance Plans, Inc., Employee Benefit Research Institute, Morley Financial Services, Inc., Partnership for Healthier America, Principal Bank, Principal Financial Advisors, Inc., Principal Funds Distributor, Inc., Principal Global Services Pvt Ltd., Principal International, Inc., Principal Shareholder Services, Inc. and Principal Trust Co. (Asia) Ltd. Mr. Houston was previously employed as Independent Director by Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc. and Chairman by Professional Pensions, Inc. He also served on the board at Brasilprev Seguros e Previdência SA, Delaware Charter Guarantee & Trust Co., Iowa Natural Heritage Foundation and Mercy Medical Center (Iowa). He received his undergraduate degree from Iowa State University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





02/27/2017
16,068


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2016
3,780


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/07/2016
72,350


 
Disposition at $60.02 per share.


4,342,447


12/07/2016
72,350


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $22.21 per share.


1,606,893


02/22/2016
24,209


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/13/2015
1,610


 
Disposition at $57 per share.


91,770


08/13/2015
1,610


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $54.2 per share.


87,262


06/12/2015
9,500


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


02/23/2015
24,399


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/26/2014
20,575


 
Disposition at $54 per share.


1,111,050


08/26/2014
20,575


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $49.25 per share.


1,013,318


07/14/2014
19,230


 
Disposition at $52 per share.


999,960


07/14/2014
43,540


 
Disposition at $52.03 per share.


2,265,387


07/14/2014
43,540


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $11.07 per share.


481,987


02/24/2014
17,177


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/26/2013
44,895


 
Disposition at $49.41 per share.


2,218,262


12/26/2013
44,895


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $39.02 per share.


1,751,802


08/26/2013
8,200


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


07/18/2013
43,000


 
Disposition at $39.9 per share.


1,715,700


07/18/2013
43,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $11.07 per share.


476,010


07/17/2013
31,110


 
Disposition at $39.3 per share.


1,222,623


07/17/2013
31,110


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.3 per share.


1,129,293


02/25/2013
39,670


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/02/2013
43,270


 
Disposition at $28.95 per share.


1,252,667


01/02/2013
43,270


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $11.07 per share.


478,998


01/02/2013
33,915


 
Disposition at $29.11 per share.


987,266


01/02/2013
33,915


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.57 per share.


935,036


08/01/2012
1,953


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $25.3 per share.


49,411





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Daniel Joseph  Houston 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Patrick Gregory Halter 
Chief Operating Officer-Principal Global Investors




Mr. Amy C. Friedrich 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & EVP




Mr. Gary P. Scholten 
EVP, Chief Information & Digital Officer




Ms. Barbara  McKenzie 
Chief Investment Officer-Boutique Operations




Mr. Dennis Jon Menken 
CIO-Principal Life Insurance & SVP




Mr. Timothy Mark Dunbar 
Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP




Mr. James Patrick McCaughan 
Chief Executive Officer-Principal Global Investors




Mr. Terrance J. Lillis 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Gregory B. Elming 
Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Ellen W. Shumway 
Senior Executive Director-Strategy & Boutique




Mr. Gregory A. Linde 
Senior Vice President-Individual Life




Ms. Nora Mary Everett 
President-Retirement & Income Solutions




Mr. Luis E.  Valdes 
President-Principal International




Ms. Julia M. Lawler Johnson 
Senior Executive Director-Multi Asset Allocation




Ms. Angela R. Sanders 
Senior Vice President & Controller




Mr. Scott M. Mills 
Director




Mr. Blair C. Pickerell 
Director




Ms. Elizabeth  Brady 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Terri  Hale 
Media Relations Officer




Mr. Hillary  Gebert 
Media Relations Officer




Ms. Erica  Jensen 
Media Relations Officer




Mr. John  Egan 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Elizabeth L. Raymond 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Karen E. Shaff 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Roger C. Hochschild 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael T. Dan 
Independent Director




Mr. Dennis H. Ferro 
Independent Director




Dr. Charles Daniel Gelatt 
Independent Director




Ms. Jocelyn E. Carter-Miller 
Independent Director




Ms. Sandra L. Helton 
Independent Director




Ms. Betsy J. Bernard 
Independent Director




Ms. Elizabeth E.  Tallett 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:58 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:56a‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
11:53aU.S. benchmarks digest the July breakout, S&P 500 maintains first support
11:50a‘Venmo Us!’ Why more charities may soon be asking for your money with this app
11:49aThis app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
11:49aThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
11:48aTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
11:46aArconic raises sales outlook as cost cuts lift EPS
11:45aCaterpillar earnings: Recovery signs will be focus
11:40aPeople are getting less but paying the same for more than 2,500 products
11:39aTrump Today: President asks why ‘beleaguered’ Sessions isn’t probing Clinton    
11:37aHibbett Sports shares plummet after profit warning and ‘woefully late’ e-commerce launch
11:34aEli Lilly will co-develop autoimmune disease therapy under $150 million deal with Nektar
11:30aCaterpillar’s stock leads Dow gainers after analyst upgrade 
11:28aBipartisan political squabbling over drug prices has already cost biotech companies $21 billion
11:24aBlue Apron is a tasty buy opportunity, say banks that led IPO 
11:23aA 97-year-old Dunkirk survivor laments current state of the world: ‘It never ends’
11:18aAmazon's stock rallies 0.5%, on track for a record close
11:18aOil prices advance as Saudis pledge to cut exports; Nigeria agrees to output cap
11:18aHow not to be overwhelmed by the relentless stream of work emails
11:13aUBS downgrades Goldman on 'limited confidence' for revenue growth
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,524.90

-55.17
-0.26%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,389.57

+1.82
+0.03%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.06

-3.48
-0.14%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Daniel Joseph Houston - Beverly Hills, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Daniel Joseph Houston in Beverly Hills, CA


Daniel Joseph Houston

                                                                           Intelius found that Daniel Joseph Houston  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Beverly Hills, CA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Daniel Joseph Houston is in his 40s

Daniel Has Lived In

Beverly Hills, CA
Des Moines, IA
Buffalo, NY

Daniel's Relatives

Rachel Houston
Johanna Houston
Millisa Houston
Benjamin Houston







Daniel Joseph Houston



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Executive Officer at Principal Financial Group



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Daniel? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Daniel, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Daniel Joseph Houston
Get a Criminal Check on Daniel Joseph Houston
Get a Public Record Report on Daniel Joseph Houston
Get a People Search Report on Daniel Joseph Houston


Daniel Joseph Houston's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Daniel Joseph Houston has lived as well as Daniel Joseph Houston's phone numbers and email addresses.




Daniel Joseph Houston Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Daniel Joseph Houston


9461 C********** B*** 

Beverly Hills, CA


Has Lived In

Beverly Hills, CA
Des Moines, IA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Daniel Joseph Houston

() ***-**** - Beverly Hills, CA 
() ***-**** - Beverly Hills, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Beverly Hills, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Daniel Joseph Houston

d****l@***.com
d************n@***.com
d****l@***.com


Get Email Report




Daniel Joseph Houston's Professional Information
Information regarding Daniel Joseph Houston's professional history.  Find out previous places Daniel Joseph Houston has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Daniel Joseph Houston Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Principal Financial Group
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Daniel Joseph Houston's Experience
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Principal Financial Group
Job Details
               Principal Financial Group, Inc. (PFG) is a provider of retirement savings, investment and insurance products and services. PFG�s United States and international operations concentrate primarily on asset accumulation and asset management. In addition, it offers a range of individual and group life insurance, group health insurance, individual and group disability insurance and group dental and vision insurance. PFG primarily focus on small and medium-sized businesses providing an array of retirement and employee benefit solutions to meet the needs of the business, the business owner and their employees. PGF has four segments: U.S. Asset Accumulation, Global Asset Management, International Asset Management and Accumulation, and Life and Health Insurance.
Additional Professional Information on Daniel Joseph Houston

 See Daniel Joseph Houston's LinkedIn Profile



Daniel Joseph Houston's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Daniel Joseph Houston


Daniel Joseph Houston's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Daniel Joseph Houston's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Daniel Houston
Username Matches

                  DanielHouston
                  HoustonDaniel
                  Daniel.Houston
                  Houston.Daniel
                  Daniel_Houston
                  Houston_Daniel
                  Daniel-Houston
                  Houston-Daniel
                  DHouston
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Houston







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES, Houston, TX, 77006-3829 | Therapists | Rehab Reviews Directory



























Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists
Interventionists
Sober Livings

Rehab Reviews
Rehab Reviews Directory
About
Get Help Now

Login
Register










Featured Reviews








 
Newport Academy
Newport Academy is the whole package: individualized clinical expertise, holistic therapies, 12-step support, family healing and a sober learning community.
Read More












 
Sunset Malibu
For those who are addicted but also suffering from addiction, co-occurring disorders or even eating disorders, Sunset Malibu is the spot.
Read More












 
Visions Adolescent Treatment
For teens in dysfunctional situations, there's no better spot than Visions, which focuses on treatment for those between the ages of 13-18.
Read More













Therapists
texas
houston
DANIEL JOSEPH...







      DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES
      


  (0 Reviews)


Write a Review

      Check Insurance
        Sponsored
 








        3316 MOUNT VERNON ST, Houston, TX 77006-3829
      






          (713) 927-7330
        






          (713) 528-2618
        








        Are you the owner?
Apply to edit this entry














 Info
 Services
 Location






          More Information About

        DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES


DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES currently has a therapy practice Houston, Houston. DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES is licensed to provide medical treatment under their counseling credentials, M.S..
Anyone with questions, inquiries, or therapy needs pertaining to  should contact them directly at their Houston location in Texas.
To find out if DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES is accepting new clients, contact them directly at their office, which is local to the 77006-3829 area.
We encourage you to contact DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES by the phone number listed here, before your travel to their 3316 MOUNT VERNON ST location.


          Review Guidelines

Rehab Reviews wants to see more authentic DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES reviews from people who have first-hand experience with their professional services. If you’re a current or past client of DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES in Houston, TX we encourage you to leave your review below for others who may need counseling, therapy, and related medical assistance.
Colorful language is acceptable, but please refrain from threats, hate speech, and/or other displays of bigotry.
Please don’t reveal personal information about DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES or any of their current or former patients or clients.
Please don’t take content from someone else’s review and post it here. Rehab Reviews encourages real reviews from actual experiences.  We want this listing to be useful for future patients, not filled with promotional or commercial content. 
We reserve the right to take down any reviews that we suspect to be self-promotional.
If you are a representative of DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES, you may contact us to resolve disputed or factual untrue information, but please don’t write promotional content about your own facility.
If you are a resident of Texas and have information that can help improve the quality of the information in our listing, you can contact us directly.
If you have any ideas how we can improve our directories listings, you may also contact us.


Services Offered



Professional

















DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES

              3316 MOUNT VERNON ST

              Houston, TX 77006-3829
              (map)
            
7139277330 







Nearby Therapists







 

JESSICA CLAUDETTE HENDERSON
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

SUSAN LEVIN
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

TERESA LYNN MCGRATH
Read More
  (0 Reviews)











 

CAROLYN CALLAHAN
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

DIANA R. CARLETON
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

Susan Levin
Read More
  (0 Reviews)







+ Add Review
Reviews

This listing has not yet been reviewed. Click here to add a review.
        




Featured Listings






 
Access Malibu
Read More
  (1 Review)










 
Evolutions Treatment Center
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Evolve Treatment Centers
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Genesis Sober Living
Read More
  (1 Review)






Free Insurance Benefits Check





AdLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment.


Seeking Help For *
- Select -SelfLoved one


Insurance Company Name *



Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *



Best time to call 



Your Phone Number *



Submit Information





Find Addiction Help Near You








Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists


Search Addiction Help















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




The Principal Financial Group (PFG) Daniel Joseph Houston on Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»The Principal Financial Group (PFG) Daniel Joseph Houston on Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptOct.23.15 | About: Principal Financial (PFG) The Principal Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:PFG)
Q3 2015 Earnings Call
October 23, 2015 10:00 am ET
Executives
John Egan - Vice President-Investor Relations
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Luis Valdés - President-Principal International
Nora Mary Everett - President-Retirement & Investor Services
James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management & Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors
Analysts
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (NYSE:USA) LLC (Broker)
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Operator
Good morning and welcome to The Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks.
I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan - Vice President-Investor Relations
Thank you and good morning. Welcome to The Principal Financial Group's third quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Nora Everett, Retirement and Investor Services; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdés, Principal International; Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer.
Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Before we discuss the quarterly financial results, I want to remind you of the investor workshop we're holding on November 6 in New York City. Dan Houston, Jim McCaughan and other members of our leadership team will provide an update on our strategy and discuss the benefits of integrating Principal Funds and Principal Global Investors. Additionally, Terry Lillis will provide an overview of the enhancements we're making to our financial supplement. Registration details are on our website. We look forward to seeing you there.
Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, John. And welcome to everyone on the call. As this is my first earnings call as CEO, I would like to take a brief moment to thank our Chairman, Larry Zimpleman, for his many contributions throughout his 44 years at The Principal and especially as CEO. He not only had led us through the financial crisis, but and also helped us evolve from a domestic employee benefits company to a global leader in retirement and investment management. I am proud to lead our company in executing on the strategy firmly established during Larry's tenure and will continue to focus the company on delivering sustainable, profitable growth. Larry remains Chairman of our Board and we'll continue to benefit from his guidance and tremendous breadth and depth of knowledge.

I would also like to welcome Nora Everett, President of Retirement and Investor Services; and Deanna Strable, President of U.S. Insurance Solutions to today's call. They will be available to answer questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. I am incredibly proud of the strength and commitment of our leadership team who are all industry experts in their respective fields.
Now, I'll provide some comments about our results. As John mentioned, there are slides related to today's call on our website. The key themes for the quarter are outlined on slide 4. The businesses delivered solid results in the third quarter, especially given strong macroeconomic headwinds from market and interest rate volatility and the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The results generated this quarter demonstrate the revenue and earnings stability that our diversified business mix provides in a variety of market conditions. Strong fundamentals and focused execution across our businesses resulted in total company operating earnings of $317 million in the third quarter, driving the year-to-date total to $967 million. Year-to-date net income is strong at nearly $1 billion. Our continued ability to generate growth enables us to increase long-term value for shareholders through capital deployment.
Last night, we announced a fourth quarter common stock dividend of $0.38 per share and our Board authorized a new share repurchase program. These actions signal our confidence and our ability to grow earnings in 2016 and beyond. Terry will provide additional details on third quarter financials including normalizing items that impacted results.
Despite unusual items this quarter, our businesses continued to achieve solid underlying growth. On a trailing 12-month basis, total company net cash flows were $25 billion and we ended third quarter with $516 billion in assets under management. Strong investment performance continues to be a differentiator and is a foundation for future operating earnings growth. 45 of the rated mutual funds, or 78%, have a four-star or five-star Morningstar rating. Additionally, as slide 5 shows, at quarter end, 86% of Principal's investment options were in the top two quartiles of Morningstar rankings on a one-year basis and 91% in the top two quartiles on a three-year and five-year basis.
Finally, 100% of our Target Date Funds were once again on the top two quartiles of Morningstar rankings across all time periods at quarter end, further enabling us to help more customers achieve financial success. This performance translated into strong flows across our retail, retirement and institutional platforms. Principal Global Investors ended the third quarter with total assets under management of $324 billion, including $120 billion of unaffiliated assets under management.
Third quarter unaffiliated net cash flows of $2 billion were a large portion of Principal Global Investors' third quarter net cash flows of $3 billion. Success across multiple asset classes along with our global distribution footprint have helped us build scale and drive strong growth.
Principal Funds had its 23rd consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows. The combination of strong and diversified distribution channel and a broad mix of investment options aimed at solving for favorable outcomes drove strong sales of $5 billion for the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, Principal Funds sales were up 22% and both our equity and fixed income flows were four times the industry average versus the same period a year ago. Third quarter 2015 marked Principal International's 28th consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows. On a trailing 12-month basis, net cash flows were $12 billion.
Highlighting the negative impact foreign exchange has had on our results, reported assets under management of $106 billion for Principal International included a $34 billion negative impact from foreign exchange rates over the last 12 months.

More than a decade ago, we focused Principal International's strategy to serve the retirement and long-term saving needs of the rapidly growing middle classes in select emerging markets. We knew that emerging markets would have volatile time periods. That's the nature of emerging markets. However, our consistently strong growth metrics in Principal International demonstrate that the long-term growth opportunities outweigh bouts volatility. Despite the recent volatility in these markets, tremendous growth opportunities remain and we're just as confident as we've always been about our ability to capture market share and continue to grow over the long-term.
The success we have achieved in Principal International is driven by two key advantages: our expertise in providing the savings solutions customers seek and our partnership with marquee distribution networks, which is critical for success in international markets. For example, our long-term exclusive distribution partnership with Banco do Brasil, the largest bank in Latin America, provides us access to their large customer base where to date we've reached just 3% of their customer base. As a state-owned bank with a quality reputation, customers in Brazil view Banco do Brasil as a safe haven, particularly during volatile periods. Our tax advantaged individual retirement products remain in favor, garnering Brasilprev $1.2 billion of net cash flow in the third quarter. This strengthened its position as the number one private retirement provider in terms of net cash flow and assets. In addition, during the quarter, Brasilprev received multiple awards including recognition as one of the most innovative companies in the Brazil pension industry.
Additionally, our partnership with China Construction Bank, the second largest bank in the world, has generated $26 billion of net cash flows in China on a trailing 12-month basis. The continued growth in China makes us a formidable player in this market. As other pension and other long-term savings opportunities materialize in China, we're well positioned to capitalize on those opportunities in this long-term strategic market.
Another key focus is on enhancing and expanding distribution. A main driver of growth in Principal International has been our successful implementation of strategic acquisitions, such as Cuprum in Chile and HSBC in Mexico. We've closed on the acquisition of AXA's pension business in Hong Kong on September 1 and the transition is proceeding smoothly. The acquisition adds $3 billion of assets under management to our current business, making us the fifth largest mandatory pension provider in Hong Kong. Importantly, the deal includes a 15-year exclusive distribution agreement with AXA's network of some 4,400 agents. This provides additional opportunities to grow our market share as the mandatory and voluntary pension markets grow in Hong Kong.
Turning to Principal Funds, our ongoing advisor development efforts have driven double-digit growth year-to-date and a number of advisors selling our funds to 52,000. Principal Funds is the 16th largest advisor-sold fund family in the U.S., and we continue to grow our market share. Our advisor centered distribution strategy provides us a competitive advantage for our U.S. retirement business as well. Year-to-date, alliance channels accounted for more than 75% of our Full Service Accumulation sales. Third quarter sales of $1.5 billion were largely driven by sales in the small and medium size business market. This market has been a long-term focus for Principal, as it's historically been underserved.
Additionally, we continue to grow the number of plans in the large market, as plan sponsors of all sizes seek our retirement benefit solutions for their employees. In addition to building strong distribution partnerships, we've built our leadership position in the retirement industry by providing solutions from hire through retire, and we continue to successfully execute on that strategy.

The underlying growth metrics in Full Service Accumulation remain strong, with third quarter recurring deposits up 7% for the quarter and year-to-date. Plan count and active participants continue to increase as well. This growth reflects our efforts to continue to expand participation and deferral rates through innovative plan design features in addition to improved employment trends. The U.S. is still the largest retirement market in the world, and there's still a lot of work to be done as people are not yet saving enough for a comfortable retirement.
As a leader in the industry, we remain actively engaged in working with others to ensure the proposed regulations from the Department of Labor protect efforts to help Americans achieve a secure retirement. Providing protection solutions in addition to retirement and long-term savings options is important to our strategy of helping customers achieve financial success. And Specialty Benefits, our competitive benefit solutions, and strong distribution networks helped drive an 8% increase in year-to-date normalized premiums and fees.
We continue to see in-plan growth quarter-over-quarter and the loss ratio remains favorable at the low end of our targeted range. Business market sales in Individual Life remained strong and made up nearly 60% of sales in third quarter. These plans help small and medium size business owners with the business continuity strategies as well as enhance our total retirement suite through robust non-qualified plans.
In closing, I'm excited about the tremendous long-term growth opportunities ahead. I remain optimistic about our future despite continued global macroeconomic volatility. I'm proud of our dedicated employees who continuously demonstrate their ability to execute on our strategy. It's their commitment to meeting the needs of our customers that will continue to successfully drive the company forward.
Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Thanks, Dan. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including performance of the investment portfolio, and an update on capital deployment. Third quarter continued to build on the momentum from the first half of 2015 as the fundamentals of our business remained strong. However, results were masked by ongoing macroeconomic headwinds.
Operating earnings for the quarter were negatively impacted by the combination of the strengthening U.S. dollar, negative equity markets, and lower interest rates. The impact was partially offset by our annual actuarial model and assumption review. In addition, on a total company basis, variable investment income was down compared to the prior year period due to lower than expected prepayments on U.S. investments. Total company reported operating earnings were $317 million, or $1.06 per share.
Slide 6 shows the normalizing items for the quarter. As we typically do in the third quarter, we completed our annual review of actuarial models and assumptions. The review resulted in a net benefit to operating earnings of $0.11 per share. Notable impacts of the review include reducing interest rate assumptions, other assumption updates, and model refinements. Other normalizing items for the quarter include a $0.06 negative impact from additional expense recognition in Full Service Accumulation and Individual Annuities due to market declines, as well as lower variable investment income in Individual Annuities, and a net $0.03 negative impact to Principal International's earnings per share due to lower than expected encaje returns and an impairment resulting from the review of specific intangibles associated with our 2012 purchase of Claritas, our Brazilian mutual fund operation.

These were partially offset by higher than expected Latin American inflation and variable investment income in Chile. On a normalized basis, earnings per share were $1.04, down $0.01 from the normalized third quarter 2014. After adjusting for foreign exchange, third quarter earnings per share grew 6% over the year ago quarter. Additional detail about the actuarial review and intangible asset impairment is outlined on slide 7. At the end of the third quarter, return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 13.2%. When we adjust the average equity for exchange rate movements, the return on equity was 14.5%.
Now, I'll discuss business unit results. The accumulation businesses within Retirement and Investor Services reported operating earnings of $143 million. On a normalized basis, operating earnings were $180 million for the third quarter 2015, flat compared to the year ago quarter. Slide 8 shows that quarterly net revenue was up 1% compared to third quarter 2014, and up 4% on a trailing 12-month basis. Adjusting for the actuarial assumption review, trailing 12-months pre-tax return on net revenue was 32%. This margin remains attractive and is within our guided range.
Normalized Full Service Accumulation operating earnings were $110 million, down 3% from the year ago quarter due to lower revenue and slightly higher expenses. Net cash flows for Full Service Accumulation were slightly negative for the quarter as we continued to balance growth and profitability. Year-to-date flows were a positive $2 billion, and we're still on track to end 2015 within our targeted 1% to 3% of beginning year account values.
Principal Funds third quarter operating earnings were a record $30 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year. The trailing 12-month pre-tax return on revenue continues to improve as we grow scale. Strong investment performance and flows contributed to account values of $122 billion at quarter end for the total Principal Funds complex. Individual Annuities normalized operating earnings were $33 million for the quarter, an 8% increase over the prior year quarter. We continue to believe that the run rate for this business is in the $32 million to $36 million range in normal operating conditions.
Looking at slide 9, operating earnings for the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services were $21 million. Full Service Payout had adverse mortality in the quarter that was within our expected range of fluctuations. In the third quarter, we had almost $700 million of Full Service Payout sales, bringing the year-to-date total to $1.5 billion. We continue to approach our guaranteed businesses opportunistically.
Turning to slide 10, Principal Global Investors quarterly operating earnings were $30 million, a 20% increase over the year ago quarter. Trailing 12-month pre-tax margin was 27%, an increase of 190 basis points over the same period a year ago. Net cash flows of $2.9 billion during the quarter highlight the confidence investors have in our diversified solutions. The net cash flows have been driven by our yield-oriented products and are a direct result of our investment in our global distribution platform. Assets under management for Principal Global Investors increased 6% over the prior year quarter to $324 billion. Unaffiliated assets under management ended the quarter at $120 billion, also a 6% increase over the year ago quarter.
Slide 11 shows normalized quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of $54 million. Third quarter operating earnings were negatively impacted by $18 million due to foreign exchange on a quarter-over-quarter comparison. On a local currency basis, Principal International drove year-over-year growth in the mid-teens. Included in the normalization is the $11 million impairment of intangibles in Claritas, our mutual fund operation in Brazil. The impairment recognizes the loss of some specific assets under management and distribution in force at the time of our 2012 acquisition, as investors' sentiment shifted to less volatile fixed income investments. Claritas has largely maintained its assets under management by continuing to develop market-driven investment solutions, often leveraging The Principal's global asset management capabilities. This global synergy is becoming a strong competitive advantage given recent regulatory changes allowing more Brazilians access to overseas investments.

We remain committed to offering a broad lineup of appropriate long-term investments to our customers and Claritas remains a critical piece of our Latin American strategy. As shown on slide 12, Individual Life reported $73 million of operating earnings in the third quarter, reflecting a benefit from the actuarial assumption review and model enhancements. The adjustments better reflect actual experience and are predominantly prior year experience adjustments. Normalized Individual Life operating earnings were $31 million for the quarter, a 33% increase over a normalized prior year period helped by favorable claims experience. On a trailing 12-month basis, the normalized operating margin was within our targeted range.
Moving to slide 13, Specialty Benefits reported operating earnings were $42 million, reflecting the benefit of the actuarial model enhancements. Normalized quarterly operating earnings were a record $34 million, an 8% increase over the prior year quarter. The normalized loss ratio for the quarter was 64%, well within our expected range. The normalized trailing 12-month pre-tax operating margin remains strong and within our targeted range.
Corporate operating losses were $37 million. This includes expenses associated with the closing of the acquisition of AXA's pension business in Hong Kong. We still anticipate full-year 2015 Corporate operating losses to be in the previously announced range of $130 million to $150 million.
For the quarter, total company net income was $300 million, a strong result reflecting the benefit of our diversified business model. Net credit related losses were $6 million for the quarter and continue to be below our long-term expectations. Our capital deployment strategy remains balanced as we leverage multiple options to increase long-term value for shareholders.
Slide 14 shows that year-to-date we have deployed $885 million of excess capital. In the third quarter, we closed on the AXA acquisition, paid a $0.38 common stock dividend and opportunistically repurchased 2.2 million of our shares. Yesterday, we announced a $0.38 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year common stock dividend to $1.50 per share, a 17% increase over the full-year 2014 common stock dividend. With the fourth quarter dividend, our 2015 capital deployment amount will be nearly $1 billion.
Additionally, yesterday, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a $150 million share repurchase program. With the recent completion of our previously $150 million authorization, this new authorization is an acceleration of our 2016 capital deployment plan and allows us to continue to repurchase shares opportunistically.
In closing, this quarter demonstrates that our diversified business model positions us well for future growth in various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operators, please open the call for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
The first question comes from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Good morning, everybody. Dan, I guess a question to start. With the change in management, recognizing that there's likely very little, if any, change in strategy, just a question for you about capital deployment. I realize that the longer term track record here on the acquisition side remains very sound, but given the recent intangible impairments, when you look at Liongate and Claritas, I am curious whether you might have a different view about the method of deploying free cash flow and capital as we look forward?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, John, thank you for the question. Just a couple of comments, and I've got to appreciate your perspective, but our capital strategy will remain the same. It's going to be a very balanced approach. Increasingly, we become more driven by our fee businesses, which, gives us, frankly, more flexibility. We can demonstrate through a lot of Jim's operations, when I think about WM Funds and Morley and Spectrum and Origin and Finisterre, HSBC Mexico, these are really, really strong results. When I look at the Luis' Cuprum, AXA, Brasilprev and the exclusive distribution agreement that was added to, we've got actually a very strong track record of executing on successfully integrating companies that we've acquired, supplementing our organic growth strategies. Having said that, in the case of Liongate that you cited, Liongate, I think, is a one-off. It was an asset class that our timing wasn't good. The performance was underwhelming and caused us to lose a lot of the assets. We recognized that, we did our due diligence, we did our look back, and certainly understand perhaps how we could go about acquiring an asset like that in the future.

And frankly, I would even put Claritas in the same category. That's a different sort of impairment on an intangible. And maybe with that, I'll ask Terry to provide some additional comments. But again, I would say, John, we remain quite confident about our ability to successfully execute our capital strategy. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Hi, John, it's Terry.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
No, I – sorry, Terry. Yeah.
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, this is Terry. As you know, each quarter we take a look at all of our assumptions. But in the third quarter of each year, we do a thorough review of the intangibles, the goodwill as well for each of our businesses. And that's similar to the actuarial model and assumption review that we also do. And we look at all the tangibles as well as intangibles whether they're finite lived or infinite lived. And in this case, in particular, with Claritas, we reviewed it this quarter and we looked at the particular fund at the time of the purchase when we acquired Claritas. And the macroeconomic conditions have really changed and become much more challenging for the mutual fund business within Brazil, and as a result, associated with this one particular fund that went out of favor, and we had to impair the intangibles that were associated with it. These were related to the investment management contract that we had, the value of the customers in the fund, the distribution agreements. These all moved away from us. And so we had to impair those specific impairments associated with that.
And we had to impact in the current quarter. Now that's about $23 million for the 100% of which we had 60% of that impairment. Now, because of the timing of this, we also looked at it in terms of the goodwill associated with Claritas. And we did not impair that, which is probably more important to us in terms of the long-term. As Dan noted, it's a significant player in our Latin American strategy both on the asset management side as well as on Principal International. And they've proven themselves. They've actually replaced much of the assets under management by developing some other market driven investment solutions that have been very strong by leveraging, as I mentioned earlier in the call, Principal Global asset management capabilities. And so, it still has a competitive advantage for our product. So we didn't feel that there was an impairment there. Now that being said, and where the question would go is, are there other impairments out there of goodwill or of an intangible? But we do, as we do with actuarial review and assumptions, we do a thorough scrubbing of the goodwill and we're seeing a strong cushion on all the remaining intangibles as well as goodwill. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
John, did you have a follow-up question?
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
I appreciate that. Yeah, I wanted to ask a question about Principal International. In particular, I guess, I wanted to focus on Latin America. Obviously, flows remain positive, but net flows slowed down. And I don't think that's that surprising. But I was wondering if we could get an update on conditions locally, particularly in areas such as Brazil, Chile, and maybe even Mexico where clearly the economies are weaker. And in the case of Brazil in particular, there's been a lot of press about the very worried state of the pension market there and what a mess that is economically for the country. And I'm wondering what you think it might mean for Principal's opportunities.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

Yeah, really good question, John. So I appreciate that. And I'll make a couple of overarching comments and then flip it over to Luis to add some color. It's an important driver for PFG, it represents roughly 25% of our earnings, and I would just remind everyone on the call, we've got 28 consecutive quarters of positive net cash flow that are being driven by Principal International. And I'd also say that we have tremendous partners. I think about China Construction Bank and Banco do Brasil who are very much entrenched in these local markets and add enormous firepower to our ability to distribute our products. And when we do our look back on places like China and India and Brazil and Mexico and Chile, some things haven't changed. They're still a very significant, emerging class growing. These are middle income investors and people who will save for retirement. Aging, the demographics are even more severe than they are here in the U.S., so they need these products, they need these solutions. We know government is not in a position to take over these responsibilities in any of these countries, and we know that to date they've embraced very much a private sector approach to solving the problems.
But with that, let me throw it over to Luis to add some additional color, John, on those specific countries you cited.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Thank you, Dan.
Luis Valdés - President-Principal International
Thanks, Dan. John, a very good question, indeed, particularly talking about Mexico, Brazil and Chile and where they are at. Three different countries, three different problems, totally different. In Brazil, essentially what we have, we have a country which is certainly fixable that the political crisis is obstructing the economy's recovery. And meanwhile, we're going to live within this economic – political turmoil. It's going to be very difficult that the fiscal adjustment that is really needed is going to go through. So probably we're going to have another year, year and a half that we're going to see this political turmoil that certainly the Brazilians are going to be able to fix this. Whatever is going to be that solution if the Minister of Finance currently, Levy, he knows very well what they have to do but politically speaking, he has to be unleash in order to fix the problem. As I am saying, Brazil is fixable.
What Dan said is very important. The fundamentals in Brazil there will remain and the proof of that is that that strong and big and large middle class is the one that is keeping our net customer cash flows in a very positive environment month after month and quarter after quarter. And we continue growing. And if you are looking our results coming from Brazil, and you particularly are paying attention, Brasilprev is putting in nominal terms and in U.S. terms, it's demonstrating a flat result year-over-year in the nine months period ended. It means it has been able to grow at 30% plus year-over-year.
The situation for Mexico is a little bit different. The situation is a much more stable economy, very tied to the U.S. economy. So we have to pay a lot of attention about what is going to happen to the U.S. economy and then we're going to have some conclusions about Mexico. Unfortunately, they went through very important reforms, particularly the energy reform, the most important reform, wrong timing. But we will see what is going to happen, but Mexico, we are not – Mexico is in a total different stage.
Chile, they have to readjust their economy a little bit. They are highly dependent on the commodity cycle. They have to readjust their macroeconomics, but Chile is still a double A minus country, so they have the highest rating among the emerging countries in Latin America. So our strategy – we remain very clear with our strategy is the right combination between voluntary money and compulsory money and has been proved that is a very solid and sound and successful strategy. And we see that we don't have any reason to start changing our strategy and we remain very confident about the future of our operations in Latin America.

Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Very good. Thanks, John, for your question.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Really, really appreciate the color. Thank you so much.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Very good.
Operator
Your next question is from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First, just a separate follow-up on the international business. It looked like China earnings were up pretty significantly. I was just hoping you could give a little bit of an update on what's going on there and if that's sustainable.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, Ryan, thank you. And, yeah, you're right. This is a quarter that we've called that out. It has increasingly become significant, both from a profitability perspective, net cash flow as well as sales. And so, Luis, you want to go ahead and provide some additional color?
Luis Valdés - President-Principal International
Yes, absolutely. Ryan, I mean – and again, this is the result of our own strategy. As we have said, we're very much more patient oriented, long-term saving oriented, so our offering and value proposition in all of those markets is in that sense. So as long as we start having this kind of choppy road in China and very volatile market, essentially what is happening is customers are flying into – they fly to quality and they are looking for a safe harbor. And that is exactly what we're offering there.
So we're perceived in our JV attached to the CCB, which is the second largest bank in China, we are perceived as a safe harbor. And we have had this tremendous amount of net customer cash flow. So that in essence, in one year, we doubled the size of our company. So we're running a company with $41 billion in total AUMs, and we think that we're going to continue looking and facing that kind of reality.
So all these kind of things that happened in China, the wealth management products, and the shadow banking system, it seems to me that money is playing away from that kind of solutions and looking for very serious managers and partners like we are in China.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Thanks. Yeah, very helpful. Thank you. And just shifting to FSA, can you talk about the pipeline as well as just generally what you're seeing in terms of plan sponsors and proposal activity and retention levels?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, very good. I'll make a couple overarching comments and then throw that over to Nora Everett to answer some questions. I was reflecting on this in preparation of the call. Just a couple of weeks ago, we hosted roughly 130 of our clients down in Florida. This would have been larger clients, and it's an opportunity to sit down face to face with our client council. It also is an opportunity to spend a couple of days just getting to know them better and to hear their candid views. And I walked away with a few.
One was they value what we do significantly. We are making a difference. They increasingly look at us as an outsourced partner to handle matters related to their benefits and in particular as it relates to the retirement plan. I was reminded about how much the relationships matter in this. They are very close to their relationship managers, and we have a long-tenured group of professionals out there that work with our clients every day.
Then I also couldn't help but notice during our session regarding investment choice and performance, Jim was there and presented along with other peers or his contemporaries to present our platform. And as you know, we have very strong investment performance which is well received by our clients. And then lastly, it seems like most of the conversation isn't around the funds and fees. It was around what can we help them with as it relates to plan design to get to better outcomes. And maybe with that, I'll just throw it over to Nora to help answer specific questions on the pipeline and outlook for FSA.

Nora Mary Everett - President-Retirement & Investor Services
Sure. Good morning, Ryan. We're actually really pleased with the growth and momentum in our pipeline. As you know, we don't give sales guidance, but we're seeing double digit increase in that pipeline. Now, remember, the lifecycle, the sales cycle here can be rather long, so a lot of that we'll see impact in 2016. But we're particularly happy to see that our core SMB and the core SMB space, we're seeing that pipeline build. And we expect typically over half of our new sales AV, account values, to be in that SMB space. So continued success with our alliance firms, continued success with our TPA channel.
And in particular, this total retirement suite differentiator of ours, we see that on the sales front and continue to see pretty significant build around that TRS suite. So even though we're not giving sales guidance, I would point you to net cash flow. We expect to meet the guidance we've given between 1% and 3% beginning of the year account value. I would say that, given what we see today, it will likely be the lower end of that range. And there's always the caveat in our business that one or two plan decisions, whether it's timing or something else, can shift that number a bit. So we're always a little bit careful about trying to predict. But with that said, we're really pleased with the growth and momentum in that sales pipeline.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Ryan, thanks for your question.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Hi. First question is on the actuarial review and the 50 basis point reduction in interest rates. Can you comment on the long end of the curve, where does that put you from an absolute standpoint? What is the absolute rate assumption that you're now using? That's question number one.
And then just relatedly, can you talk about the mechanics that resulted in no net charge and the fact that it was favorable overall? What were the other offsets within the assumptions that more than offset the negative impact of interest rates?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Very good. Thanks, Tom, for those questions. I'll just have Terry go ahead and respond.
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, Tom, this is Terry. On the long end of the interest rates, we look at the 30 years out plus. And as you can do with any actuarial reserve, we try to make our current best estimate of what's going to happen in the future. And none of us have a clear, crystal ball in it, but what we do is we look out and see what the trends are and then make some adjustments. Back in 2012, we looked at the long-term interest rate and lowered it as well and also changed the trajectory of it. But now we're seeing that that interest rate environment is staying longer and longer out into the future. So we looked out 30 years and we lowered our long-term rate by 50 basis points.
Now, that is meaningful probably most for the life insurance business. The other businesses have a shorter duration, so when we look at the trajectory to get to that longer term rate, we also took an impact on that and smoothed out or reduced that short-term rate. So the impact that we saw was probably closer in that $25 million to $50 million range. Offsetting that, though, as I mentioned before, we have to look at our current best estimate on all the actuarial balances: reserve, DAC. We have to look at what else is out there in terms of other refinements on how we recognize reinsurance premium, mortality improvement. We looked at revenues, et cetera, and so – and margin out into the future, anything that might affect EGP. So there were more than positive offsets that we have reflected to our experience on the business that we've written in the past and predominantly in the life area. Most of that has been due to prior year experiences.

So the current guidance, current GAAP guidance that we're utilizing is to come up with our best estimate where we think it'll be in the future. And as a result, we took a reduction in long-term interest rate, but we backed up these others. So it created a huge amount of noise this quarter, and it varied by different business units, but in large part the lower interest rate environment was a negative, more than offset by our experience adjustments in terms of mortality and other model enhancements. Hopefully, that helps.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
That was helpful, Terry. So after making the 50 basis point reduction and I heard you on the Life Insurance side that was the most impacted business, what is the actual level you are now at when you look at the very long duration interest rate assumption? What is the absolute level right now?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, the absolute level, we probably – we're not going to share that in terms of the absolute level, because there's multiple parts to it. There is the risk free rate. We could use a 10-year Treasury as an example of that. We also look at the spreads that we would price for and what we're getting on our investments, default rates, credit analysis, et cetera. So, there is a lot of things that come into it which we're not going to share in terms of what we think were the absolute rate would be. But just to give you a little bit of color, little color, as I mentioned earlier, the longer term end of the curve that probably affects the life business the most, some of our other businesses have shorter durations. So the shape of the yield curve is very important as well. So if you were to say right now, we would say and just used as a risk-free rate of return for our businesses just as a proxy, but you have to look all along the yield curve, use the 10-year Treasury where it currently is right now. And a 10-year Treasury is around that 2% range. At what we look out into the future is over the next 30 years, it would grade up to probably maybe 25 basis points a year for the next 10 years?
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Right.
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
And your guess is as good as ours. And then it probably remains flat thereafter. So that kind of gives you an idea where we're looking out 10 years, but then on top of that, you have to put our pricing assumptions or spreads that we're getting, et cetera. So that gives you a little bit of a basis point. Was that helpful?
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Okay. Okay, thanks. And then just – and just one follow-up question. Just on Hong Kong, I saw earnings came down a bit. And I know you have the acquisition going on there. But I believe you mentioned the restructuring or costs associated with integration were flowing through Corporate other. So can you give a little help on the earnings progression that we're going to see from AXA Hong Kong and timing around that? How that's going to earn in from an earnings contribution standpoint?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, very good. Luis can give you some color on that.
Luis Valdés - President-Principal International
Okay, Tom. Essentially meanwhile we are going through the integration of AXA for the next quarter. AXA is going to be neutral, if not a little bit negative for Hong Kong. Next year, we're expecting something in the range of $7 million to $7.5 million total impact in our after-tax OE for Hong Kong. Does that help?
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Yes, thank you.

Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Tom, this is Terry. I'm going to add just a little bit. You mentioned in the Corporate segment this quarter, we only included the closing costs associated with that. And then the rest of it in the future will come through Principal International.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Got you. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay, thanks for calling in, Tom.
Operator
Our next question is from Sean Dargan from Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Thanks and good morning. I have a question about your capital deployment strategy. Last year, we saw three different dividend raises over the course of the calendar year. It's been flat at $0.38 over the four quarters this year. You've talked about getting to a 40% payout ratio, I'm just wondering if anything's changed in your thinking?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No, not at all, Sean. And again, thanks for calling in this morning. Our commitment still remains the same relative to our dividend payout. If you look at it over a trailing 12-month basis, it's up 17%. The targeted payout still is right at 40%. I think if you did your math, it's somewhere around 36% today. So it's right well within the range. And that over the course of the next couple of years, we would expect to have the dividend securely at that 40%, absent something dramatic happening. So, hopefully that helps.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
It does. Thanks. And coming back to Principal International, the underlying trends have been okay, I guess, considering what's been going on in the local markets, but the U.S. GAAP results are obviously being obfuscated by the FX headwinds. Have you given any thought to hedging the income statement impact of FX, or is it just too expensive now?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, with that, maybe I'll have Terry go ahead and tackle that question.
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah. Sean, this is Terry. As we look at this, we see this as more of a translation issue. The revenue that's generated in the international companies also has expense associated with it at the same currency rate. And so we're really translating it back to the U.S. So if we were to try to hedge this, first off, it would be very expensive because we're in multiple countries. Second, we wouldn't get hedge accounting treatment, so we'd just create some additional volatility. We just see that this is a translation, so that's why we provide the information on a local currency basis as well as try to give the impact of what it would be in terms of mid-teen growth rate. We're probably mid to upper teen growth rate in terms of this business on a local currency basis. Now, that's translation. But when it comes to an economic impact where we actually are moving capital from one jurisdiction to another, we'll make a call and actually hedge that flows so that we do not lose the value at the time that the earnings are generated. So we do make a call in terms of hedging money, but as you've seen, we've generated a lot of earnings outside the U.S. And an example of it is in the Latin America, as you pointed out or as pointed out before, and doing the AXA acquisition in Hong Kong, the money never even got back to the U.S. So we'll make sure that the capital gets appropriately hedged as it goes from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. But in terms of operating earnings, we're just trying to provide a little bit more clarity on a local currency basis and not incur the additional cost for the translation. I hope that helps.

Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
It does, Terry. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sean, we do spend a lot of time internally modeling these sorts of potential ideas to either hedge or not to hedge. It's not by accident or lack of a lot of thought that gets us to where we're at with our current policies and strategies. And if the dollar should ever weaken and we should see these foreign currencies gain some strength, there is certainly some upside and some tailwind, so thanks for the question.
Operator
Your next question is from Michael Kovac from Goldman Sachs.
Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just wondering, given the multiples that we've seen come down in asset managers across the board, how does this change any sort of opportunities that you might see for future M&A?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, very good and I appreciate that. Let me make a couple of comments, then flip it to Jim. We do keep a very active list of those asset classes that we think that could be complementary to our existing platform. We look for potential strategies that would be uncorrelated, that would support our global platform, whether that's for retail or retirement or institutional investors. And again, I think our track record speaks for itself as it relates to our ability to leverage that into either separate accounts or mutual funds, institutionally managed accounts, separately managed accounts, collective investment trust. And so, with that maybe, Jim, you could provide some color on valuations of these properties and where you're going.
James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management & Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors
Yes, Michael, you are right that multiples on many of the transactions over the last few years have been very high. And if you'd asked me three years ago about the balance between organic and growth by acquisitions, I would have thought three years ago, we'd have done more acquisitions. But in fact, with the high multiples, we have been extremely focused on organic growth and hopefully that will continue to come through the numbers. As regards to one or two recent transactions that lower multiples and the talk of lower multiples, yes, that's something we'll be watching. I would say, though, that the lower multiples have tended to be on firms that don't really have the kind of growth edge that we're looking for in an acquisition. We're looking, as Dan said, for complementary capabilities that we can really work with our clients to use, whichever clients you're talking about, whether it's insurance, full service, the mutual fund company, the international distribution, and we're not seeing that a lot in the companies that are coming through at cheaper multiples. So I don't think it's a step change, but we'll be watching it. And I think on balance, the next three years could see a bit more acquisition opportunities in asset management than the last three did, but I don't feel that it's necessary for us to grow. I think our organic story is sufficiently strong on its own.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Michael, hopefully, you'll be able to join us on our investor workshop on November 6. Jim will probably get into some of those details with more depth and understanding. And some of the obvious questions are, how are you able to maintain such positive net cash flow in an environment where so many of the dollars are going to passive? And I think it has a lot to do with the strategies that were created within the funds business and with Jim's institutional asset management business to work the edges as opposed to going right down the middle on some of these large cap strategies that are tending to migrate towards passive. So again, hopefully, you can join us for that meeting on the 6th of November.

Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Yes, great. Looking forward to that.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay. Thank you, Michael, for the call.
Operator
Your next question comes from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Hi. Thank you. I just had a couple of follow-up questions on Principal International. First, on the AXA acquisition, I just want to make sure I followed on Luis' comment correctly about the earnings expectations for next year. Was that $7 million to $7.5 million after tax the expectation for the full year or on a quarterly run rate? And thinking that you're putting up about $335 million of capital, if that's the full year impact, it seems like a relatively low ROE.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay, thanks, Erik. Luis?
Luis Valdés - President-Principal International
Yes, Erik. That's a good question. Next year, we're not going to be able to enjoy all the synergies that we're going to enjoy, particularly in 2017. And this is due to many contracts that are tied to the AXA block of business, particularly with best serve and other asset managers. So we're going to transition that block of business in the very first six months of 2016. So in essence, my answer for you is that we're going to enjoy just 50% of those synergies in the first year and full synergies in 2017, Erik.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Got it. Thank you. That helps. And then, Terry, just wanted to follow up on your comments around the impairments. So I think, were you speaking specifically about Claritas of no future impairments that you see on the horizon, or was that about all international acquisitions broadly? And one thing to just clarify there, I'm assuming when you do your test, it's all based on local currency results and currency is not a factor, is that correct?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, that's correct, Erik. This is Terry. The impairments that we did, we look at all the intangibles and goodwill across all of our entities, not just Claritas. Claritas is the one where we actually found an impairment this quarter. But we've looked at every one of them. We scrub every one of them. And we do scrub them on a local currency basis as well, as you pointed out, but across all of our goodwill, all of our intangibles, we found that we have a significant cushion that we are not looking to impair any of those other entities across them. That goes back to entities that we acquired many years ago.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Got it. Thank you. And just a final thing, just following up on the good response to Sean's question, how much of the 65% to 70% of earnings that you talk about is deployable capital? How much of that is contributed from the international business at this point? I guess thinking about it, how much of the cash flow actually gets to the holding company?
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Terry, you want to...
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, yeah. If I look at Principal International, it goes to different holding companies. We have a UK holding company. We also have a U.S. holding company. And most of the earnings that are generated out of Principal International come up through that UK holding company or entities there. So for example, the earnings that are generated in the $250 million or above, we'll use some of that for organic growth within those businesses. And we also have a large portion of it available for acquisitions to fund their own acquisitions within Principal International.
So, I'd say that it mirrors – the international business mirrors the total company's position in terms of available capital in that two-thirds of the earnings associated with it. The rest is supporting the organic growth that's going on in the different entities, member companies. Hopefully, that helps.

Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Got it. It does. Thank you very much.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Erik, thanks for calling in.
Operator
Your next question is from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning, Suneet.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Thanks. Hey, good morning, guys. So, Terry, I just want to get back to your $1.04 normalized number. Just a couple of things kind of jumped out at me as I was sort of trying to think through the baseline for model projection going forward. It looked like in FSA, the tax rate was once again negative, even if I make the adjustments for the actuarial review and then the market driven expenses. And I thought on the last call, you had kind of guided to more of a 5% to 7% tax rate. So as we think about kind of trending this, I guess, how should we be thinking about getting back to that 5% to 7%, over what sort of period of time?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, thanks, Suneet. First off, I want to say what you need to do in terms of a tax rate, you need to look at the total company. That's where we really focus our attentions, and it's really over a longer period of time than just simply some quarter by quarter distortions that may occur. Now, that being said, the total company effective tax rate is in that 20% to 22% range as we talked about before.
But if you go down to one of the biggest reasons for that drop is the dividend benefit that we receive. Now, most of that is concentrated within the Full Service Accumulation line. In this quarter there was a significant negative effective tax rate, as you pointed out. However, if you look at it over a period of time and you adjust for the unlocking, as you said before, the true-ups in the prior year, you're still at a negative rate on a year-to-date basis, albeit it's much lower than – it's just barely negative in terms of an effective tax rate for the full year. So look at it over a longer period of time.
Now, that being said, one of the reasons it's negative right now is because you've seen some higher growth, or faster growth, in the dividend received benefit that we get in Full Service Accumulation than on a pre-tax earnings basis. Now, there's a lot of adjustments that you can make in order to get the earnings growth on a pre-tax basis. In 2014, we saw a significant benefit for variable investment income that was at a much higher rate than what we're currently seeing this year. Now why is that? Well, in large part, you look at what was the sentiment back in 2013, that was a rising interest rate environment. So you saw a lot of prepayment activity going on in 2014 that we're not seeing in 2015. So therefore, the pre-tax earnings basis isn't growing as fast as the dividend received basis.
Now, as you go into the future, you tell me what's going to happen in terms of the economic environment, in terms of the equity market that's down on a total return basis of – down about 9%. Excuse me, down 1% where we would have expected it to be up 8%. So you've got a good point that we've got a negative effective tax rate at this point in time, albeit I think that it can turn around very quickly and get into that 5% to 7%. So again, we take a longer look at it, don't let the current periods distort it, and then that 5% to 10% is probably still a pretty good number for FSA.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Got it.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, Terry, and thank you, Suneet, for the question.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
I had one follow-up if you have a second.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

Oh, please. Go ahead.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Yeah, thanks. Again, on the normalizing numbers, I just want to make sure we're kind of keeping score consistently here. Because if I think about that $0.06 that you're sort of adding back from weak markets, when I go back and look at prior periods where you had favorable markets, I would have thought we would have seen an adjustment going the other way. And based on the way that we track this, I didn't see it. So is there something unusual in this quarter that the reason that you're calling out those two? Or in periods of prior strong equity markets, did you have an expense adjustment kind of going the other way that maybe wasn't called out?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah, exactly. Suneet, this is Terry again. You're absolutely right. One of the things that we try to do in terms of what we call out is we try to get the end number to what we believe is the appropriate run rate for that business given a more normal environment. There will be periods where we'll have higher variable investment income because of positive markets, and there will be higher expenses that offset that. So we try not to get quite granular as we did this quarter with all the different noise items. This is probably the most adjustments that I've been associated with in any one particular quarter. But we do try to keep that total run rate where we're trying to net to get to an appropriate number.
Now, to the point that you made about this quarter being highly unusual, well, we saw the S&P as a proxy for the market being down nearly 7% this quarter. That had an adverse impact on the DAC amortization for both the individual annuity area as well as the Full Service Accumulation area. The Full Service Accumulation is a little bit more abnormal than what we would have normally seen because we've been having volatility in that business, albeit it's not been the magnitude that we saw this quarter. And in large part that is one of the model enhancements that we actually have made at the DAC model on a go-forward basis that had an impact – more than normal adverse impact in this quarter in terms of a reversion to more of a mean rate over a longer period of time. So, yeah, there was some unusual higher than expected, but I would not expect to see that kind of volatility on the Full Service Accumulation line in the future.
Now that said, for the individual annuity line with the variable annuity, which is still a relatively small block of business, out of the $516 billion of assets under management, we're talking maybe a $9 billion of variable annuity. There is some volatility associated with that that will continue. But net-net-net, we're trying to get you back to a number that we think whether we can agree to disagree on this, what we think is the appropriate run rate for the business in a particular quarter given the economic environment that we're seeing and where we would expect future quarters to evolve – come from.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
And, Suneet, what I would just say is, in closing here, running out of time, is that the 7% negative performance in the quarter for the S&P 500, when we would have anticipated a plus 2%, that's a delta of 9%. We think that's worth calling out. I do think we've tried to bring that out in previous calls, but we'll try to be more consistent for you in doing that where we see outperformance that really does fall out of a significant range. And so we'll tighten that up for you in the future. So again, thank you for the call.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Yeah. Much appreciated. Thanks.
Daniel Joseph Houston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today on the call and appreciate your good questions and your interest and support. We still remain very optimistic about the growth and the strategy here at Principal. We remain confident that the strategy that we have around retirement, investment management and protection will serve our long-term shareholders for many years to come. Hopefully, we'll see many of you at the Investor Day event in New York City on November 6. And with that, good day and safe travels.
Operator
Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, October 30, 2015. 44931486 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056, U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 for international callers. Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Financial, Asset Management, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All PFG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #e85817c0-7088-11e7-823a-692a86670eda
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #e88d7fa0-7088-11e7-97f5-aba35dccda86
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          













Insider Trading - Houston Daniel Joseph - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Houston Daniel Joseph





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-07Sale
2016-12-0909:56 am
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephChairman, President & CEODirector
72,350
$60.02
$4,342,447
222,192(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-08-13Sale
2015-08-144:56 pm
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
1,610
$57
$91,770
135,594(IndirectDirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-27Option Award
2016-12-295:46 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephChairman, President & CEODirector
10
$58.73
1,380(Direct)
View


2016-12-09Gift
2016-12-133:40 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephChairman, President & CEODirector
3,780
$0
146,062(Direct)
View


2016-12-07Exercise
2016-12-0909:56 am
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephChairman, President & CEODirector
72,350
$22.21
222,192(Direct)
View


2016-12-07Exercise
2016-12-0909:56 am
2013-02-232020-02-23
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephChairman, President & CEODirector
72,350
$22.21
222,192(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-044:46 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephChairman, President & CEODirector
11
$51.51
1,370(Direct)
View


2016-06-24Option Award
2016-06-285:54 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPresident & CEODirector
13
$39.96
1,359(Direct)
View


2016-03-25Option Award
2016-03-296:18 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPresident & CEODirector
13
$38.9
1,346(Direct)
View


2016-02-22Option Award
2016-02-245:00 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPresident & CEODirector
24,209
$0
224,465(Direct)
View


2016-02-22Option Award
2016-02-245:00 pm
N/A2026-02-22
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPresident & CEODirector
224,465
$37.38
224,465(Direct)
View


2015-12-28Option Award
2015-12-304:48 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPresident & CEODirector
11
$45.57
1,333(Direct)
View


2015-09-25Option Award
2015-09-295:30 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPresident & CEODirector
10
$48.05
1,322(Direct)
View


2015-08-13Exercise
2015-08-144:56 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
1,610
$54.2
135,594(Direct)
View


2015-08-13Exercise
2015-08-144:56 pm
2009-05-302016-05-30
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
1,610
$54.2
135,594(Direct)
View


2015-06-26Option Award
2015-06-305:58 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
9
$52.44
1,312(Direct)
View


2015-03-27Option Award
2015-03-316:20 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
9
$50.49
1,302(Direct)
View


2015-02-23Option Award
2015-02-255:09 pm
N/AN/A
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
24,399
$0
133,962(Direct)
View


2015-02-23Option Award
2015-02-255:09 pm
N/A2025-02-23
Principal Financial Group Inc
PFG
Houston Daniel JosephPres & Chief Operating Officer
70,210
$51.33
133,962(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 10:58:18 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  




















The Principal Financial Group (PFG) Daniel Joseph Houston on Q4 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

















































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > Quotes > PFG > Call Transcripts













Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) 


PFG 
$66.45
*  
0.03

0.05%
Get PFG Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 24, 2017 11:38 ET  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading PFG now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Finance 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    PFG Real Time



















NDAQ





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks














Transcript by:

The Principal Financial Group, Inc. (PFG)Q4 2015 Earnings CallFebruary 02, 2016 10:00 am ETExecutivesJohn Egan - Vice President-Investor RelationsDaniel Joseph Houston - President and Chief Executive OfficerTerrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice PresidentTimothy Mark Dunbar - Chief Investment Officer & Executive VPJames Patrick McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management and Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global InvestorsNora Mary Everett - President of Retirement and Investor Services and Chairman of Principal FundsLuis Valdés - President-Principal InternationalDeanna D. Strable-Soethout - President-US Insurance SolutionsAnalystsSteven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.Kenneth S. Lee - RBC Capital Markets LLCYaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLCPresentationOperatorCompare to:Previous Statements by PFG» The Principal Financial Group (PFG) Daniel Joseph Houston on Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» The Principal Financial Group (PFG) Larry D. Zimpleman on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» Principal Financial Group's (PFG) CEO Larry Zimpleman on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptGood morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks.I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.John Egan - Vice President-Investor RelationsThank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor.I'd like to remind you that all the results follow the new format we outlined on our November 6 investor event. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; CFO, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks, then we will open up the call for questions.Others available on the Q&A are Nora Everett, Retirement Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdés, Principal International; Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer.The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.I'll now turn the call over to Dan.Daniel Joseph Houston - President and Chief Executive OfficerThanks, John; and welcome to everyone on the call. Today I'll briefly comment on our financial results and certain accomplishments that position us for continued growth in 2016 and beyond. I'll turn the call over to Terry who will provide additional details on results.As John mentioned, slides related to today's call are available on our website. The key themes are outlined on slide four. I'd characterize 2015 as a good year. We delivered after-tax operating earnings of nearly $1.3 billion despite challenging conditions, such as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and underperformance of the U.S. equity markets. And we returned more than $700 million to shareholders in the form of common stock dividends and share repurchases. This demonstrates the benefit of our broad diversification by business, by geography, by investment platforms and by asset class.In 2015, Principal continued to build momentum through outstanding investment performance and expansion of distribution and our solutions based product set. Full year 2015 total company net cash flows of $23 billion were 4% of beginning of year assets under management. As we continue to attract and retain retail, retirement and institutional investors, this helped drive assets under management to $527 billion at year-end, despite a $28 billion drag from foreign exchange.As other major growth highlights for 2015, I'd point to Principal International's 29th consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows with $9 billion of flows for the year, plus another $21 billion of positive flows from our joint venture with China Construction Bank. On a constant currency basis, Principal International grew reported assets under management by 20% in 2015; double-digit earnings growth for Principal Global Investors and nearly $16 billion in positive net cash flows; record earnings for Specialty Benefits on record sales and a 9% growth in premium and fees; continued traction delivering mutual funds, separately managed accounts and annuity-based income solutions; strong underlying growth in plans, participants and reoccurring deposits for our U.S. retirement businesses and strong Individual Life full-year results as claims returned to expected levels.As I said, outstanding investment performance continues to be a differentiator and is a foundation for future growth. For example, 44 of our rated mutual funds, or 76%, have a four-star or five-star Morningstar rating. Additionally, as slide five shows, 88%, 89% and 93% of our investment options were in the top two Morningstar quartiles on a one-year, three-year and five-year basis, respectively. And 100% of our target date funds remain in the top two quartiles across all time periods and year-end, driving sales and retention in this key asset class and enabling us to help more individuals achieve financial success. From the strong competitive position, we remain confident in our ability to drive growth in 2016 and beyond.Next I'll provide some examples of how we continue to execute on our strategy and further position ourselves for long-term growth. The U.S. remains the largest retirement market in the world and Principal has maintained its leadership position for decades through exceptional service, product innovation and strong multi-channel distribution.With the retail mutual funds business now reporting through Principal Global Investors, Full Service Accumulation is now the majority of Retirement and Income Solutions Fee or RIS Fee. To be clear, the underlying fundamentals of this business remain strong. We continue to grow plan count across plan sizes, adding nearly 1,300 net new plans in 2015 and we continue to be a leader in start-up plans as we focus on expanding employee coverage. The Principal's core target market of small-sized and medium-sized businesses is underserved, creating an ongoing opportunity for us to uniquely serve this market through our network of local offices and drive consistent growth in this segment.Read the rest of this transcript for free on seekingalpha.com

































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Daniel Houston, Principal Financial Group Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Daniel "Dan" Houston

Chairman/President/CEO,
Principal Financial Group Inc






Career History




Chairman/President/CEO
Principal Financial Group Inc, 5/2016-PRESENT


Chairman/President/CEO
Principal Life Insurance Co, 5/2016-PRESENT


President/CEO
Principal Financial Group Inc, 8/2015-5/2016


President/CEO
Principal Life Insurance Co, 8/2015-5/2016


President/COO
Principal Financial Group Inc, 11/2014-8/2015


President/COO
Principal Life Insurance Co, 11/2014-8/2015


Pres:Retirement & Insurance
Principal Financial Group Inc, 2009-11/2014


Pres:Retirement & Insurance
Principal Life Insurance Co, 2009-11/2014


Pres:Retirement & Investor Svcs
Principal Financial Group Inc, 2/2008-2009


Pres:Retirement & Investor Svcs
Principal Life Insurance Co, 2/2008-2009


Exec VP:Retirement & Investor Svcs
Principal Financial Group Inc, 6/2006-2/2008


Senior Vice President
Principal Life Insurance Co, 2000-2/2008


Senior Vice President
Principal Financial Group Inc, 2000-5/2006


Vice President
Principal Financial Group Inc, 1997-2000


Regional Vice President
Principal Financial Group Inc, 1993-1997


Regional Dir:Group & Pension Sales
Principal Financial Group Inc, 1990-1993


Consultant
Principal Financial Group Inc, 1988-1990



Principal Financial Group Inc, 1984-1986


Chairman
Professional Pensions Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.principal.com






Corporate Information
Address:

711 High Street
Des Moines, IA 50392-0100
United States


Phone:
1-515-247-5111


Fax:
1-515-246-5475


Web url:
www.principal.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Iowa State University of Science & Technology
Bachelor's Degree, 1984








Memberships



Board Memberships




Executive Benefit Services


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Trust Co Asia Ltd


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Bank


Board Member, PRESENT




Bci Group Inc


Chairman, PRESENT




Principal Global Services


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Funds Distributor


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Intl Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Shareholder Services


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Advisors


Board Member, PRESENT




Morley Financial Services


Board Member, PRESENT




United Way of Central Iowa


Board Member, PRESENT




America's Health Insurance Plans


Board Member, PRESENT




Principal Financial Group Inc


Chairman, 5/2016-PRESENT




Principal Life Insurance Co


Chairman, 5/2016-PRESENT




Employee Benefit Research Institute


Board Member, 7/2009-PRESENT




Principal Financial Group Inc


Board Member, 11/2014-5/2016




Principal Life Insurance Co


Board Member, 11/2014-5/2016




Healthextras Inc


Board Member, 4/2005-10/2008




Principal Financial Advisors


Board Member, FORMER




Professional Pensions Inc


Chairman, FORMER




Catalyst Health Solutions Inc


Board Member, 10/2008-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Iowa Natural Heritage Foundation


Board Member




Mercy Medical Center


Board Member




Partnership for A Healthier America


Board Member




Iowa Business Council


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Daniel Joseph Garces Houston, Texas Therapist, Addiction & Recovery Resources - The Fix





























































 

						Legal Stuff - This is an advertisement for Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned substance abuse treatment service providers. The phone number and email provided in the advertisement will connect you to one of Service Industries, Inc.’s representatives to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.
					


Rehab Questions? Call Us!800-373-6115





Home
Rehab
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Interventionist
Sober Living
Therapist
Back to TheFix.com
Devider
Add a New Listing
Login
Register
 









Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance











Featured centers 
Cliffside MalibuRead MoreSober CollegeRead MoreAToN CenterRead MoreEvolutions Treatment CenterRead MoreGulf Breeze RecoveryRead MoreBack2Basics Outdoor AdventuresRead MoreNewport AcademyRead MoreAmethyst Recovery CenterRead MoreDiscovery PlaceRead MoreSummer House Detox CenterRead More 


Featured listings 





 
Nova Recovery Center
Read More

Nova Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

601 Old Oaks Ranch Road
Wimberley
Texas
78676


844-707-9135










 
Sober College
Read More

Sober College 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6022 Variel Avenue
Woodland Hills
California
91367


(888) 991-7024










 
Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC
Read More

Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC 
1 stars - based on 1 reviews
    

2015 Martins Grant Court
Crownsville
Maryland
21032 


800-335-7440










 
Evolve Treatment Centers
Read More

Evolve Treatment Centers 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6 California Locations
Tarzana
California
91356


(877) 277-6840










 
Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox
Read More

Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    


Beverly Hills
California
90211


1-800-423-2482










 
Soul of Healing
Read More

Soul of Healing 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2755 N BANANA RIVER DR Suite H
Merritt Island
Florida
32952-5469


1-858-952-1077










 
Evolutions Treatment Center
Read More

Evolutions Treatment Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2900 W Cypress Creek Rd. STE 2
Fort Lauderdale
Florida
33309


866-772-8136 










 
Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures
Read More

Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1600 W University Ave #109
Flagstaff
Arizona
86001


1-928-814-2220









Therapist > Texas > Houston > DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES


DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

3316 MOUNT VERNON ST
Houston
Texas
77006-3829


7139277330



DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES 









 (0 Reviews)



Write a Review
 
				Check Insurance
				Sponsored










					3316 Mount Vernon St Houston, Texas				






					7139277330				








    						Are you the owner?
Login to edit this listing




















 Info
 Services
 Location




Contact Information About DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES, M.S.
DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES has an office in Houston, Texas and provides counseling and/or therapy for their clientele. DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES is listed as a M.S., but may provide additional support.
For detailed questions about DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES’s therapy practice, you should contact their Houston offices at 7139277330.
DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES is local to the 77006-3829 area.
DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES Reviews, Feedback, & Complaints
The Fix definitely wants its readers to submit authentic DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES reviews, if you had a real-life experience as their client, or know a person who has. If you’ve gone to DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES in Houston, Texas you are encouraged to share details about your experience, as long as you do not break confidentiality.
Colorful language is acceptable but please refrain from threats of harm, hate speech, and/or other words that seek to isolate someone in a negative fashion on the basis of their race, religion, ethnic group, or other affiliation.
You’re writing about therapy, which is an inherently touchy subject. Please try and remember that.
We also do not want you to reveal personal information or data about DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES or any of their staff members, employees, clientele, or patients.
We ask that you please DO NOT take/borrow/use content written by someone else and post it here. The Fix wants REAL reviews from your genuine involvement with treatment or therapy.
If you are the business owner or an authorized representative of DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES, you may contact us to resolve problematic or false information, but we ask that you not write, copy, paste, or otherwise contribute promotional material about your own place of business (or the business that employs you).
If you live in Texas and have more details that might boost the quality of the information in our directory, you can contact us directly.













DANIEL JOSEPH GARCES 3316 Mount Vernon St Houston, Texas Map
7139277330  



 








Nearby Rehabs










ADAM REDD WEST
Read More








 (0 Reviews)
















ADAM S. BROWNSTEIN
Read More








 (0 Reviews)
















ADAM THOMAS SCHMIDT
Read More








 (0 Reviews)
















ADE  OGUNMOKUN
Read More








 (0 Reviews)
















ADEL A. WASSEF
Read More








 (0 Reviews)
















ALMA  CASTILLO
Read More








 (0 Reviews)








+ Add Review
Reviews



 Please Post Your Comments & Reviews Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *








Rate this site








 






 



Will my insurance pay for rehab? 



ⓘLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.


Seeking Help For *
- Select -SelfLoved one


Insurance Company Name *



Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Middle Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *



Best time to call 




Your Phone Number *






Text me






Submit Information





Recent posts 




Terms & conditions

Read More








PHX (Premier Healthcare Exchange) Rehab and Eating Disorder Coverage
Premier Healthcare Exchange, or PHX is a company that provides various services to health insurance...
Read More








PHX (Premier Healthcare Exchange) Rehab and Compulsive Gambling Treatment
Compulsive gambling rehab programs are designed to help you understand your addiction and learn how...
Read More














 Legal Stuff - This is an advertisement for Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned substance abuse treatment service providers. The phone number and email provided in the advertisement will connect you to one of Service Industries, Inc.’s representatives to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.



Email *



Phone *



Name *



















Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance































Will my insurance pay for rehab? 



ⓘLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.


Seeking Help For *

 self 


 loved one 




Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Middle Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *




Your Phone Number *






Text me






Submit Information


















Therapist, Addiction & Recovery Resources - The Fix


















































 

						Legal Stuff - This is an advertisement for Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned substance abuse treatment service providers. The phone number and email provided in the advertisement will connect you to one of Service Industries, Inc.’s representatives to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.
					


Rehab Questions? Call Us!800-373-6115





Home
Rehab
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Interventionist
Sober Living
Therapist
Back to TheFix.com
Devider
Add a New Listing
Login
Register
 









Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance








Featured centers 
Cliffside MalibuRead MoreSober CollegeRead MoreAToN CenterRead MoreEvolutions Treatment CenterRead MoreGulf Breeze RecoveryRead MoreBack2Basics Outdoor AdventuresRead MoreNewport AcademyRead MoreAmethyst Recovery CenterRead MoreDiscovery PlaceRead MoreSummer House Detox CenterRead More 


Featured listings 





 
Nova Recovery Center
Read More

Nova Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

601 Old Oaks Ranch Road
Wimberley
Texas
78676


844-707-9135










 
Sober College
Read More

Sober College 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6022 Variel Avenue
Woodland Hills
California
91367


(888) 991-7024










 
Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC
Read More

Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC 
1 stars - based on 1 reviews
    

2015 Martins Grant Court
Crownsville
Maryland
21032 


800-335-7440










 
Evolve Treatment Centers
Read More

Evolve Treatment Centers 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6 California Locations
Tarzana
California
91356


(877) 277-6840










 
Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox
Read More

Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    


Beverly Hills
California
90211


1-800-423-2482










 
Soul of Healing
Read More

Soul of Healing 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2755 N BANANA RIVER DR Suite H
Merritt Island
Florida
32952-5469


1-858-952-1077










 
Evolutions Treatment Center
Read More

Evolutions Treatment Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2900 W Cypress Creek Rd. STE 2
Fort Lauderdale
Florida
33309


866-772-8136 










 
Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures
Read More

Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1600 W University Ave #109
Flagstaff
Arizona
86001


1-928-814-2220









+ Add Your Listing 
















Search Therapist Directory












Add Your Listing to This Directory





Search



 













Ambrosia Treatment Center Medford  287 Old Marlton Pike Medford, New Jersey 08055

Ambrosia Treatment Center Medford is located in Medford New Jersey and offers 
Family Therapy
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
Dialectical Behavioral Therapy
    
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Ambrosia Treatment Center Medford 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

287 Old Marlton Pike
Medford
New Jersey
08055


(888) 492-1603











Laurel T Ashcraft  9 Central Street, 01852

Laurel T Ashcraft is located in  MA and offers Outpatient Counseling
Mental Health
Addictions
Drug and Alcohol     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Laurel T Ashcraft 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

9 Central Street

MA
01852


(617) 855-6613











Talk Therapy Psychology Center  5935 Cornerstone Ct W. Suite 125 San Diego, California 92121

Talk Therapy Psychology Center is located in San Diego California and offers 
Intensive Outpatient Program
Individual Therapy
Couple’s Therapy
Family     
Read More








 (1 Reviews)


Talk Therapy Psychology Center 
1 stars - based on 1 reviews
    

5935 Cornerstone Ct W. Suite 125
San Diego
California
92121


(858) 205-2490







 


Yale Bloor  1236 N. Hill Ave Pasadena, California 91104

Yale Bloor is located in Pasadena California and offers Therapy
    
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Yale Bloor 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1236 n. hill ave
Pasadena
California
91104


(818) 430-3720











Scott Reoch LCPC-C Mental Health and Addiction Counseling  23 Ocean Ave, 04103








 (0 Reviews)


Scott Reoch LCPC-C Mental Health and Addiction Counseling 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

23 Ocean Ave

Maine
04103


207-749-8546











Eric B. Nicholson, MD, PhD  16 River Street, Norwalk, Ct 06850 Norwalk, Connecticut 06850

Eric B. Nicholson, MD, PhD is located in Norwalk Connecticut and offers Addiction and Psychiatric treatment for individuals of all     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Eric B. Nicholson, MD, PhD 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

16 River Street, Norwalk, CT 06850
Norwalk
Connecticut
06850


203-838-8168










Addiction Recovery Online  

Addiction Recovery Online is located in   and offers We provide evidence-based treatment for drug and alcohol     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Addiction Recovery Online 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

20-22 Wenlock Rd


N1 7GU


US Toll Free Number: +1-888-991-2506 UK Toll Free Number: +44-808-189-1002











Andrea Turnipseed, LCSW  5184 A W Hwy 290, Austin Tx 78735 Austin, Texas 78735

Andrea Turnipseed, LCSW is located in Austin Texas and offers Individual therapy for adults with mental health concerns     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Andrea Turnipseed, LCSW 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

5184 A W Hwy 290, Austin TX 78735
Austin
Texas
78735


512-960-0178











Providence Living Treatment Center  1223 N. Providence Road Media, Pa, 19063

Providence Living Treatment Center is located in  Pennsylvania and offers Some of the services provided at Providence are:     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Providence Living Treatment Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1223 N. Providence Road Media, PA 

Pennsylvania
19063


(484) 445-4145











Anew Recovery  7071 Consolidated Way San Diego, Ca San Diego, California 92122

Anew Recovery is located in San Diego California and offers 
Chronic Pain &amp; Addiction Recovery
Detoxification - Inpatient and     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Anew Recovery 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

7071 Consolidated Way San Diego, CA
San Diego
California
92122


(619) 773-0300







Page 1 of 76,130123456...102030...NextLast
 


















Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance




























Will my insurance pay for rehab? 



ⓘLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.


Seeking Help For *

 self 


 loved one 




Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Middle Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *




Your Phone Number *






Text me






Submit Information


















Texas Rehab, Addiction & Recovery Resources - The Fix


















































 

						Legal Stuff - This is an advertisement for Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned substance abuse treatment service providers. The phone number and email provided in the advertisement will connect you to one of Service Industries, Inc.’s representatives to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.
					


Rehab Questions? Call Us!800-373-6115





Home
Rehab
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Interventionist
Sober Living
Therapist
Back to TheFix.com
Devider
Add a New Listing
Login
Register
 









Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance








Featured centers 
Cliffside MalibuRead MoreSober CollegeRead MoreAToN CenterRead MoreEvolutions Treatment CenterRead MoreGulf Breeze RecoveryRead MoreBack2Basics Outdoor AdventuresRead MoreNewport AcademyRead MoreAmethyst Recovery CenterRead MoreDiscovery PlaceRead MoreSummer House Detox CenterRead More 


Featured listings 





 
Nova Recovery Center
Read More

Nova Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

601 Old Oaks Ranch Road
Wimberley
Texas
78676


844-707-9135










 
Sober College
Read More

Sober College 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6022 Variel Avenue
Woodland Hills
California
91367


(888) 991-7024










 
Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC
Read More

Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC 
1 stars - based on 1 reviews
    

2015 Martins Grant Court
Crownsville
Maryland
21032 


800-335-7440










 
Evolve Treatment Centers
Read More

Evolve Treatment Centers 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6 California Locations
Tarzana
California
91356


(877) 277-6840










 
Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox
Read More

Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    


Beverly Hills
California
90211


1-800-423-2482










 
Soul of Healing
Read More

Soul of Healing 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2755 N BANANA RIVER DR Suite H
Merritt Island
Florida
32952-5469


1-858-952-1077










 
Evolutions Treatment Center
Read More

Evolutions Treatment Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2900 W Cypress Creek Rd. STE 2
Fort Lauderdale
Florida
33309


866-772-8136 










 
Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures
Read More

Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1600 W University Ave #109
Flagstaff
Arizona
86001


1-928-814-2220









+ Add Your Listing 















Rehab > Texas			
State & City: Texas 











Add Your Listing to This Directory





Search




More information on Texas Rehab, treatment, and recovery.
Filter your Result



Reset
Filter
Categories:


Access to Recovery



Addiction Rehab



Adolescent Center



Alcohol addiction treatment



Alcohol Detox



Buprenorphine Services



Criminal justice clients



Drug addiction treatment



Drug Detox



Dual Diagnosis Treatment



DUI/DWI offenders



Gays and Lesbians



General health services



Halfway house



Hospital inpatient



Long-term Inpatient Rehab



Medicaid



Medicare



Men



Mental Health Treatment



Methadone Drug Detox



Methadone Maintenance



Military insurance (e.g. VA TRICARE)



Outpatient Rehab



Partial hospitalization/day treatment



Payment assistance (check with facility for details)



Persons with HIV/AIDS



Pregnant/postpartum Women



Private health insurance



Residential beds for clients' children



Self payment



Seniors/older adults



Short-term Inpatient Rehab



Sliding fee scale (fee is based on income and other factors)



State financed insurance (other than Medicaid)



Women













 


Sunspire Health Texas  3800 County Road 444 Princeton, Texas 75407

Sunspire Health Texas is located in Princeton Texas and offers 
Addiction Education
Art Therapy
Christian Counseling
Cognitive Behavioral 		
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Sunspire Health Texas 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

3800 County Road 444
Princeton
Texas
75407


866-349-0141







 


Hill Country Detox  10100 Fm 967 Buda, Texas 78610

Hill Country Detox is located in Buda Texas and offers 
Alcohol detox
Opiate and Opioid detox
Prescription drug 		
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Hill Country Detox 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

10100 FM 967
Buda
Texas
78610


888.512.5020







 


Nova Recovery Center  601 Old Oaks Ranch Road Wimberley, Texas 78676

Nova Recovery Center is located in Wimberley Texas and offers 
Evidenced based addiction treatment
Chronic relapse
Co-occurring disorders
		
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Nova Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

601 Old Oaks Ranch Road
Wimberley
Texas
78676


844-707-9135







 


Grace Counseling  105 Kathryn Drive, Bldg.3 Ste D Lewisville, Texas 75067

Grace Counseling is located in Lewisville Texas and offers Early Recovery Groups
Relapse Prevention Groups
Family Education 		
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Grace Counseling 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

105 Kathryn Drive, Bldg.3 Ste D
Lewisville
Texas
75067


800-972-0643







 


Sunspire Health Texas  3800 County Road 444 Princeton, Texas 75407

Sunspire Health Texas is located in Princeton Texas and offers 
Addiction Education
Art Therapy
Christian Counseling
Cognitive Behavioral     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Sunspire Health Texas 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

3800 County Road 444
Princeton
Texas
75407


866-349-0141











Into Action Recovery Centers – Houston TX Rehab  16808 El Camino Real, 77058

Into Action Recovery Centers – Houston TX Rehab is located in  Texas and offers Alcohol Rehab, Alcohol Treatment Programs, Drug Rehab, Drug Treatment     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Into Action Recovery Centers – Houston TX Rehab 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

16808 El Camino Real

Texas
77058


844.694.3576











Andrea Turnipseed, LCSW  5184 A W Hwy 290, Austin Tx 78735 Austin, Texas 78735

Andrea Turnipseed, LCSW is located in Austin Texas and offers Individual therapy for adults with mental health concerns     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Andrea Turnipseed, LCSW 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

5184 A W Hwy 290, Austin TX 78735
Austin
Texas
78735


512-960-0178











The Ranch at Dovetree  1406 Cr 5800 Lubbcok, Texas 79403

The Ranch at Dovetree is located in LUBBCOK Texas and offers Detoxification, Dual Diagnosis, Partial Hospitalization, Inpatient Care, Outpatient     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


The Ranch at Dovetree 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1406 CR 5800
LUBBCOK
Texas
79403


877-979-5619







 


Hill Country Detox  10100 Fm 967 Buda, Texas 78610

Hill Country Detox is located in Buda Texas and offers 
Alcohol detox
Opiate and Opioid detox
Prescription drug     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Hill Country Detox 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

10100 FM 967
Buda
Texas
78610


888.512.5020







 


Nova Recovery Center  601 Old Oaks Ranch Road Wimberley, Texas 78676

Nova Recovery Center is located in Wimberley Texas and offers 
Evidenced based addiction treatment
Chronic relapse
Co-occurring disorders
    
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Nova Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

601 Old Oaks Ranch Road
Wimberley
Texas
78676


844-707-9135











Serenity House  312 Balcones Dr Fredericksburg, Texas 78624








 (0 Reviews)


Serenity House 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

312 Balcones Dr
FREDERICKSBURG
Texas
78624


(866) 795-4673











Benchmark Recovery Center  11503 Parsons Rd Manor, Texas 78653








 (0 Reviews)


Benchmark Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

11503 Parsons Rd
Manor
Texas
78653


(866) 905-4550







 


Grace Counseling  105 Kathryn Drive, Bldg.3 Ste D Lewisville, Texas 75067

Grace Counseling is located in Lewisville Texas and offers Early Recovery Groups
Relapse Prevention Groups
Family Education     
Read More








 (0 Reviews)


Grace Counseling 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

105 Kathryn Drive, Bldg.3 Ste D
Lewisville
Texas
75067


800-972-0643











Northwest Counseling & Wellness Center  12335 Hymeadow Drive, Suite 300 Austin, Texas 78750








 (0 Reviews)


Northwest Counseling & Wellness Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

12335 Hymeadow Drive, Suite 300
Austin
Texas
78750


(512) 250-9355







Page 1 of 3,154123456...102030...NextLast
 











Browse the Best Rehabs in Texas


ABERNATHYAbileneABILENE DYESS AIR FORCE BASEAddisonADKINSALBANYALEDOAliceAllenAlpineALTONALVARADOAlvinAmarilloAnahuacAndrewsAngletonANNAANSONANTHONYAquillaAransas PassARCOLAArgyleArlingtonASPERMONTAthensATLANTAAubreyAustinAzleBALCH SPRINGSBALLINGERBANDERABANGSBARTLETTBARTONVILLEBastropBay CityBAYOU VISTABAYTONBaytownBeaumontBedfordBEDIASBEE CAVEBeevilleBellaireBELLVILLEBeltonBENBROOKBERTRAMBig SandyBig SpringBIVINSBLANKETBoerneBOGATABonhamBorgerBowieBRADYBrazoriaBreckenridgeBrenhamBRIDGE CITYBridgeportBROOKELANDBROOKESMITHBROOKS CITY-BASEBrookshireBrownfieldBROWNSBOROBrownsvilleBrownwoodBRUCEVILLEBryanBudaBUFFALOBuffalo GapBULLARDBULVERDEBURKBURNETTBurlesonBurnetCaldwellCameronCANADIANCantonCANUTILLOCANYONCanyon LakeCARLSBADCarrizo SpringsCarrolltonCarthageCEDAR CREEKCEDAR HILLCedar ParkCELINACENTENNIALCenterCenter PointCentervilleCHANDLERChannelviewCHICOChildressCHILLICOTHECHINA SPRINGCHRISTOVALCIBOLOCISCOClarendonClarksvilleCLEAR LAKE SHORESCleburneClevelandCluteCLYDECOLDSPRINGCollege StationColleyvilleCOLMESNEILColorado CityCOLUMBUSCOMANCHECOMFORTCOMMERCECONREConroeCONVERSECOOKVILLECooperCOPPELLCOPPERAS COVECORINTHCorpus ChristiCorsicanaCotullaCOUPLANDCOVECRANDALLCRAWFORDCROCKETTCROSBYCROSSROADSCROWLEYCRP CHRISTICRYSTAL CITYCUEROCypressDALEDalhartDallasDAYTONDecaturDeer ParkDel RioDEL VALLEDenisonDentonDenver CityDeSotoDevineDIBOLLDickinsonDilleyDIMMITTDONNADOUBLE OAKDOUGLASSVILLEDRIFTWOODDRIPPING SPRINGSDUBLINDumasDuncanvilleDyess AFBDYESS AIR FORCE BASEEagle PassEARLYEASTLANDEdCouchEDDYEdenEDGEWOODEdinburgEdnaEL CAMPOEl PasoELDORADOELECTRAELGINELKHARTELM MOTTELSAEMORYEnnisEulessEVANTEVERMANFAIR OAKS RANCHFAIRFIELDFAIRVIEWFARMERS BRANCHFARMERSVILLEFERRISFlatoniaFLINTFlorenceFloresvilleFlower MoundFOREST HILLForneyFORT BLISSFort DavisFort HoodFort Sam HoustonFORT SAN HOUSTONFort StocktonFort WorthFRANKSTONFREDERICKSBURGFreeportFRESNOFriendswoodFriscoFT SAM HOUSTINFt WorthFT. HOODFT. SAM HOUSTONFULSHEARFULTONGainesvilleGALENA PARKGalvestonGARDEN CITYGarden RidgeGarlandGatesvilleGEORGE WESTGeorgetownGiddingsGilmerGLADEWATERGLEN ROSEGLENN HEIGHTSGOLDTHWAITEGOLIADGonzalesGoodfellow AFBGORDONVILLEGRAHAMGranburyGrand PrairieGRAND SALINEGrapevineGreenvilleGroesbeckGrovesGRUVERGUN BARREL CITYGUSTINEHALLETTSVILLEHALLSVILLEHaltom CityHamiltonHarker HeightsHarlingenHARLINGENTHARLLINGENHARTLEYHASKELLHASLETHAWKINSHearneHEATHHebbronvilleHELOTESHEMPHILLHempsteadHendersonHENRIETTAHerefordHEWITTHICKORY CREEKHicoHIDALGOHIDEAWAYHIGHLAND VILLAGEHIGHLANDSHILLSBOROHitchcockHOCKLEYHOLLYWOOD PARKHONDOHORIZON CITYHORSESHOE BAYHOUSONHOUSOTNHoustonHUDSON OAKSHUFFMANHumbleHUMLEHuntHUNTINGTONHuntsvilleHurstHuttoINEZINGLESIDEINGRAMIOWA PARKIrvingITALYITASCAJacksonvilleJasperJBSA FT SAM HOUSTONJBSA LACKLANDJBSA-LACKANDJEFFERSONJERSEY VILLAGEJoshuaJOURDANTONJUNCTIONKatyKaufmanKEENEKELLERKEMAHKEMPNERKENNEDALEKERENSKermitKerrvilleKERVILLEKILFOREKilgoreKILLEANKilleenKINGSBURYKINGSVILLEKingwoodKirbyvilleKLONDIKEKRUMKYLELA FERIALa GrangeLA JOYALa MarqueLa PorteLA VERNIALACKLAND A F BLackland AFBLACKLAND AIR FORCE BASELACOSTELAGO VISTALAGUNA VISTALAKE DALLASLake JacksonLAKEHILLSLakesideLakewayLamesaLampasasLancasterLANTANALaredoLARUELaughlin AFBLeague CityLEAKEYLeanderLEONARDLevellandLewisvilleLEXINGTONLibertyLiberty HillLINDALELINDENLINDSAYLITTLE ELMLIVE OAKLivingstonLLANOLockhartLongviewLORENALOS FRESNOSLOTTLouisvilleLUBBCOKLubbockLUCASLufkinLulingLumbertonLYFORDLYTLEMABANKMadisonvilleMagnoliaMALONEMANCHACAManorMansfieldMANUELManvelMarble FallsMARFAMARLINMarshallMARTMARTINDALEMASONMC GREGORMC KINNEYMC QUEENEYMcAllenMcCameyMCGREGORMcKinneyMCQUEENEYMEADOWLAKESMEADOWS PLACEMEDINAMERCEDESMesquiteMexiaMidlandMIDLOTHIANMIDWAYMILFORDMILLSAPMineolaMineral WellsMISSIONMissouri CityMonahansMONT BELVIEUMONTGOMERYMOODYMOUNT ENTERPRISEMount PleasantMOUNT VERNONMOUNTAIN HOMEMT ENTERPRISEMT PLEASANTMT. HOMEMUENSTERMURPHYN RICHLAND HILLSNacogdochesNAS/JRBNASSAU BAYNATALIANavasotaNederlandNEEDVILLENEW BOSTONNew BraunfelsNEW BRUANFELSNew CaneyNew UlmNewtonNOLANVILLENorth Richland HillsOAK POINTOdessaOLDENOLNEYOMAHAOrangeORE CITYOVILLAPAIGEPalestinePALMHURSTPampaPantegoParisPARKERPasadenaPearlandPearsallPecosPerrytonPflugervillePharrPINEHURSTPIPE CREEKPITTSBURGPlainviewPlanoPLEASANTONPLUGERVILLEPOINTBLANKPORT ARANSASPort ArthurPORT ISABELPORT LAVACAPort NechesPorterPORTLANDPostPOTTSBOROPOWDERLYPRAIRIE VIEWPREMONTPresidioPrincetonPROSPERQuanahQUINLANQUITMANRANCHO VIEJORANDOLPH A F BRANDOLPH AFBRAYMONDVILLERED OAKREFUGIORENORichardsonRICHARSONRICHLAND HILLSRichmondRICHWOODRIESELRio Grande CityRIO HONDORiver OaksROANOKEROBINSONRobstownROCKDALEROCKPORTRockwallROMARosankyRosenbergROSHARONROUND MOUNTAINRound RockRowlettROYSE CITYRUSKSACHSESacramentoSADLERSAGERTONSAGINAWSALADOSan AngeloSan AntonioSAN ANTONIOTSAN AUGUSTINESan BenitoSAN DIEGOSAN JUANSan LeonSan MarcosSAN SABASANDIASANGERSANTA ANNASanta FeSAVOYSCHERTZSCHULENBURGSCURRYSEABROOKSEADRIFTSEAGOVILLESEALYSeguinSELMASeminoleSHADY SHORESSHALLOWATERSHAVANO PARKSHEFFIELDShenandoahSHEPPARD AFBShermanSHINERSilsbeeSINTONSLATONSMITHVILLESnyderSOCORROSOMERSETSouthlakeSpicewoodSpringSPRING BRANCHSPRINGTOWNStaffordStephenvilleSTOCKDALESTREETMANSugar LandSugarlandSULPHER SPRINGSSulphur SpringsSunnyvaleSUNSET VALLEYSWEENYSweetwaterTaftTaylorTEAGUETempleTENAHATerrellTERRELL HILLSTexarkanaTexas CityTHE COLONYTHE HILLSThe WoodlandsTHREE RIVERSTHROCKMORTONTIMPSONTomballTRINITYTROPHY CLUBTuliaTUSCOLATylerUNIVERSAL CITYUvaldeVALLEY MILLSVALLEY VIEWVANVan AlstyneVan HornVENUSVernonVictoriaVIDORVOLENTEVON ORMYWacoWALLERWALLISWARRENWaskomWATAUGAWaxahachieWeatherfordWebsterWELLINGTONWeslacoWESTWEST LAKE HILLSWhartonWHITE DEERWHITE OAKWhite SettlementWHITEFACEWHITEHOUSEWhitesboroWhitneyWichita FallsWIERGATEWILDWOODWillisWILLOW PARKWILLS POINTWILMERWimberleyWIMBERLYWINDCRESTWINNIEWINNSBOROWINONAWintersWOLFFORTHWOODLANDWOODLANDSWOODSBOROWoodvilleWOODWAYWORTHAMWYLIEYANTISYOAKUMYSLETA DEL SUR PUEBLOZapata 










Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance




























Will my insurance pay for rehab? 



ⓘLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.


Seeking Help For *

 self 


 loved one 




Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Middle Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *




Your Phone Number *






Text me






Submit Information


















Houston, Texas Addiction & Recovery Resources - The Fix


















































 

						Legal Stuff - This is an advertisement for Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned substance abuse treatment service providers. The phone number and email provided in the advertisement will connect you to one of Service Industries, Inc.’s representatives to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.
					


Rehab Questions? Call Us!800-373-6115





Home
Rehab
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Interventionist
Sober Living
Therapist
Back to TheFix.com
Devider
Add a New Listing
Login
Register
 









Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance








Featured centers 
Cliffside MalibuRead MoreSober CollegeRead MoreAToN CenterRead MoreEvolutions Treatment CenterRead MoreGulf Breeze RecoveryRead MoreBack2Basics Outdoor AdventuresRead MoreNewport AcademyRead MoreAmethyst Recovery CenterRead MoreDiscovery PlaceRead MoreSummer House Detox CenterRead More 


Featured listings 





 
Nova Recovery Center
Read More

Nova Recovery Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

601 Old Oaks Ranch Road
Wimberley
Texas
78676


844-707-9135










 
Sober College
Read More

Sober College 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6022 Variel Avenue
Woodland Hills
California
91367


(888) 991-7024










 
Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC
Read More

Serenity Acres Treatment Center LLC 
1 stars - based on 1 reviews
    

2015 Martins Grant Court
Crownsville
Maryland
21032 


800-335-7440










 
Evolve Treatment Centers
Read More

Evolve Treatment Centers 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

6 California Locations
Tarzana
California
91356


(877) 277-6840










 
Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox
Read More

Waismann Method Rapid Opiate Detox 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    


Beverly Hills
California
90211


1-800-423-2482










 
Soul of Healing
Read More

Soul of Healing 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2755 N BANANA RIVER DR Suite H
Merritt Island
Florida
32952-5469


1-858-952-1077










 
Evolutions Treatment Center
Read More

Evolutions Treatment Center 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2900 W Cypress Creek Rd. STE 2
Fort Lauderdale
Florida
33309


866-772-8136 










 
Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures
Read More

Back2Basics Outdoor Adventures 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1600 W University Ave #109
Flagstaff
Arizona
86001


1-928-814-2220









+ Add Your Listing 















Therapist > Texas > Houston			
State & City: Houston 











Add Your Listing to This Directory





Search



 













ADAM REDD WEST  16333 Hafer Rd Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ADAM REDD WEST 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

16333 HAFER RD
Houston
Texas
77090-4412


2815370211











ADAM S. BROWNSTEIN  816 Hawthorne St Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ADAM S. BROWNSTEIN 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

816 HAWTHORNE ST
Houston
Texas
77006-3902


8327223131











ADAM THOMAS SCHMIDT  1709 Dryden Rd Suite 1200 Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ADAM THOMAS SCHMIDT 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

1709 DRYDEN RD SUITE 1200
Houston
Texas
77030-2400


7137988837











ADE  OGUNMOKUN  2600 Gessner Rd Ste 280 Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ADE  OGUNMOKUN 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2600 GESSNER RD STE 280
Houston
Texas
77080-3898


7134686538











ADEL A. WASSEF  2800 S Macgregor Way Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ADEL A. WASSEF 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2800 S MACGREGOR WAY
Houston
Texas
77021-1032


7137415000











ALMA  CASTILLO  7011 Southwest Fwy Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ALMA  CASTILLO 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

7011 SOUTHWEST FWY
Houston
Texas
77074-2007


7139707000











ALMA  GARCIA  4950 Memorial Drive Houston, Texas 77007








 (0 Reviews)


ALMA  GARCIA 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

4950 MEMORIAL DRIVE
Houston
Texas
77007


7138026216











ANDREA CLAIRE SHIFLET  11999 Katy Fwy Ste 590 Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ANDREA CLAIRE SHIFLET 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

11999 KATY FWY STE 590
Houston
Texas
77079-1607


2815979291











ADELE ELIZABETH LEINBACH  2002 Holcombe Blvd Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ADELE ELIZABETH LEINBACH 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

2002 HOLCOMBE BLVD
Houston
Texas
77030-4211


7137911414











ALMA NELY FLORES  11999 Katy Fwy Ste 230 Houston, Texas








 (0 Reviews)


ALMA NELY FLORES 
1 stars - based on 0 reviews
    

11999 KATY FWY STE 230
Houston
Texas
77079-1605


8327527004







Page 1 of 469123456...102030...NextLast
 


















Trending
Rehab Reviews
Treatment Centers
Resources Rehab Directory
Will Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Will My Insurance Pay for Rehab?
Interventionists
Sober Livings
Pain Management
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
How to Choose the Best Rehab
Rehab & Detox Insurance




























Will my insurance pay for rehab? 



ⓘLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment at one of its affiliated facilities only. Service Industries, Inc. is unable to discuss the insurance benefits or options that may be available at any unaffiliated treatment center or business. If this advertisement appears on the same web page as a review of any particular treatment center or business, the contact information (including phone number) for that particular treatment center or business may be found at the bottom of the review.


Seeking Help For *

 self 


 loved one 




Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Middle Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *




Your Phone Number *






Text me






Submit Information










     PFG Company Profile & Executives - Principal Financial Group Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                     DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21525.28 -0.25%        S&P 500 ▲  2469.11 -0.14%        Nasdaq ▲  6389.50 0.03%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  -3/32 yield 2.25%        Crude Oil ▲  46.23 1.01%        Euro ▲  1.1644 -0.19%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 24, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In              Principal Financial Group Inc. PFG (U.S.: NYSE)      search    View All companies           REAL TIME 11:56 AM EDT 07/24/17     $66.46 USD     0.04 0.06%     Volume 121,330       Volume 121,330     65 Day Avg Vol 1,156,737     1 Day Range 66.13 - 66.48     52 Week Range 44.225 - 66.95 (07/28/16 - 07/19/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Financial Services      Compare to    Add          Open  66.28   Prior Close  66.42 (07/21/17)     1 Day    PFG 0.06%     DJIA -0.26%     S&P 500 -0.14%     Financial Services 0.01%                             Overview Profile Key People     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Daniel Joseph Houston, 54 Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, The Principal Financial Group, Inc. Mr. Daniel Joseph Houston is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Principal Life Insurance Co., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at The Principal Financial Group, Inc., Chairman at United Way of Central Iowa and President & Chief Executive Officer at Principal Financial Services, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Principal Life Insurance Co., America's Health Insurance Plans, Inc., Employee Benefit Research Institute, Morley Financial Services, Inc., Partnership for Healthier America, Principal Bank, Principal Financial Advisors, Inc., Principal Funds Distributor, Inc., Principal Global Services Pvt Ltd., Principal International, Inc., Principal Shareholder Services, Inc. and Principal Trust Co. (Asia) Ltd. Mr. Houston was previously employed as Independent Director by Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc. and Chairman by Professional Pensions, Inc. He also served on the board at Brasilprev Seguros e Previdência SA, Delaware Charter Guarantee & Trust Co., Iowa Natural Heritage Foundation and Mercy Medical Center (Iowa). He received his undergraduate degree from Iowa State University.          News Principal Financial Group Inc.PFG   Significant News Only       07/18/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Principal Financial Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     07/13/17 Press Release   Younger Generations of "Super Savers" Crushing Retirement Goals   Press Release     07/07/17 Press Release   Principal(R) to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results   Press Release     06/18/17 The Wall Street Journal   Britannia No Longer Rules for Investors   The Wall Street Journal     06/18/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Britannia No Longer Rules for Investors   Dow Jones Newswires     06/16/17 Press Release   Technical Reports on Life Insurance Equities -- Aegon, American Equity Investment Life, Principal Financial and Prudential Financial   Press Release     06/15/17 Press Release   Iowa Insurance Companies to Host Des Moines Insurance Conference June 22   Press Release     06/13/17 Press Release   Sixteen Years Running, Principal IT Still Rocks   Press Release     05/30/17 Barron's   Insurance Accounting Changes May Not Be Needed   Barron's     05/17/17 Press Release   Principal(R) Announces New $250 Million Share Repurchase Authorization   Press Release     05/16/17 Press Release   Principal Names Friedrich President of United States Insurance Solutions   Press Release     05/16/17 Press Release   A.M. Best Assigns Indicative Issue Credit Ratings to Principal Financial Group, Inc.'s New Shelf Registration   Press Release     05/15/17 Press Release   Iowa Insurance Companies to Host Des Moines Insurance Conference June 22   Press Release     04/27/17 Press Release   Principal(R) Announces First Quarter 2017 Results   Press Release     04/22/17 Barron's   Seeking Safe Dividends? Check the Payout Ratio   Barron's     11/07/16 Barron's   DOL Rule Could Boost Product Providers   Barron's     10/03/16 MarketWatch.com   49 U.S. stocks that surged at least 20% in the third quarter   MarketWatch.com     09/06/16 Barron's   Principal Financial Stock Seen Reaching $55   Barron's     07/14/16 MarketWatch.com   These 32 century-old companies pay dividends of more than 3%   MarketWatch.com     04/30/16 MarketWatch.com   Looking for income? These 23 dividend stocks provide it   MarketWatch.com     04/28/16 The Wall Street Journal   Principal Financial Operating Earnings Decline   The Wall Street Journal     02/23/16 WSJ Blogs   CFO Moves: Electrolux, Principal Financial Group, Discovery Communications, Everest Re   WSJ Blogs     02/06/16 Barron's   Top Mutual Fund Families   Barron's     load more                All Company Executives Principal Financial Group Inc.       Daniel Joseph Houston, 55 Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer     Patrick Gregory Halter Chief Operating Officer-Principal Global Investors     Amy C. Friedrich CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & EVP     Gary P. Scholten, 60 EVP, Chief Information & Digital Officer     Barbara McKenzie Chief Investment Officer-Boutique Operations     Dennis Jon Menken CIO-Principal Life Insurance & SVP     Timothy Mark Dunbar, 59 Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP     James Patrick McCaughan, 64 Chief Executive Officer-Principal Global Investors     Terrance J. Lillis, 64 Executive Vice President     Gregory B. Elming, 57 Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President     Ellen W. Shumway Senior Executive Director-Strategy & Boutique     Gregory A. Linde Senior Vice President-Individual Life     Nora Mary Everett, 58 President-Retirement & Income Solutions     Luis E. Valdes, 60 President-Principal International     Julia M. Lawler Johnson, 57 Senior Executive Director-Multi Asset Allocation     Angela R. Sanders, 54 Senior Vice President & Controller     Scott M. Mills, 48 Director     Blair C. Pickerell, 60 Director     Elizabeth Brady Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President     Terri Hale Media Relations Officer     Hillary Gebert Media Relations Officer     Erica Jensen Media Relations Officer     John Egan Vice President-Investor Relations     Elizabeth L. Raymond, 51 Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP     Karen E. Shaff, 62 Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel     Roger C. Hochschild, 52 Independent Director     Michael T. Dan, 66 Independent Director     Dennis H. Ferro, 71 Independent Director     Charles Daniel Gelatt, 69 Independent Director     Jocelyn E. Carter-Miller, 58 Independent Director     Sandra L. Helton, 67 Independent Director     Betsy J. Bernard, 60 Independent Director     Elizabeth E. Tallett, 68 Lead Independent Director      expand          Advertisement                 Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                